



















	aluminum fencing by elite fence products, inc - ornamental aluminum fence and gate manufacturer, residential, commercial, industrial aluminum fence, pool fencing and estate gates













contact us:
corporate headquarters | florida division | tennessee division










about us

about us 

                            elite aluminum fence products was established in 1986. our staff has over 40 years of experience with ornamental fences. the key to elite fence product's success has been, and continues to be, providing a superior product with superior customer service. our product is also backed with a limited lifetime warranty.
read more about about us


buy american, be american



associations & certifications 



                               
                

                               
                

                               
                

                               
                







products



fencing 


residential grade aluminum


commercial grade aluminum


industrial grade aluminum


heavy industrial grade aluminum


avalanche concealed fastener fence

pool fence



aluminum railing 
railing top cover profiles

custom accents & accessories 


custom accents & accessories




cantilever gates 


why choose ziptrack™

ziptrack™ cantilever gates


ziptrack™ ornamental

ziptrack™ chainlink


ziptrack box frame™

ziptrack™ components & hardware








specs & drawings 




e-advantages

amaa 2604 powder coated finish 

                            aama is comprised of a variety of companies, including window, door and skylight manufacturers, component and supply manufacturers, service and consulting companies.
                            
read more about the aama


aama 2604 standards 

                            the attributes of color and gloss are utilized to determine how well a coating will withstand harsh environmental conditions.
                            
view all aama standards





careers
















elite heavy industrial grade aluminum fence

                            our heavy industrial fence is used for high security projects.  typically you find this fence around government buildings, military bases ect.  its an excellent way to protect your property. 
                        






ziptrack cantilever gate

                            our ziptrack™ aluminum cantilever gates are among the industries finest. it features our own exclusive design and comes fully assembled. 
                        







elite residential grade aluminum fence

                            our residential grade aluminum fence  is an excellent choice for security and protection while still being the perfect neighbor friendly fence.  the residential grade fence is available in six standard styles and is available in six standard colors. 
                        







elite commercial grade aluminum fence

                            our commercial grade fence is ideal for light commercial applications such as apartment and condominium complexes.  the commercial grade fence is available in seven standard styles and is available in six standard colors. 
                        






elite aluminum fence, railing & gate products
            







residential grade aluminum fence


                        our residential grade aluminum fence is an excellent choice for security and protection while still being the perfect neighbor friendly fence. 
                        view our residential fence products







heavy industrial aluminum fence


                        our elite heavy industrial grade aluminum fencing is constructed of 1-5/8"x 1-5/8" rails with an enclosed bottom and has no exposed screws, 1"x 1" pickets, and ...
                        view our heavy industrial products







aluminum railing


                        elite fence aluminum railing is the best in the industry.  we offer 6 different profiles to appease our customer’s needs.  all of our railings are icc compliant while carrying the durability and strength to meet all building codes for railings.
                        view our aluminum railing products









commercial grade aluminum fence


                        our commercial grade aluminum fence is ideal for light commercial applications such as apartment and condominium complexes.
                        view our commercial fence products







aluminum pool fence


                        our 4 ft. high lifegard aluminum pool fence is ideal for swimming pools and meets the 1996 boca pool code. our lifegard aluminum pool fence is ...
                        view our pool fence products









industrial grade aluminum fence


                        our industrial grade aluminum fencing is constructed of 1-5/8"x 1-5/8" rails, 1"x 1" pickets, and uses 2-1/2"x 2-1/2", 3"x 3" or 4"x 4" post.
                        view our industrial fence products







ziptrack aluminum gates & fences


                        our ziptrack™ aluminum cantilever gates are among the industries finest. it features our own exclusive design and comes fully assembled. 
                        view our ziptrack fence products
















                            all elite fence fence products are made in the united states, within our own manufacturing facilities, utilizing processes developed internally, over many years of experience in the field
                        learn more





brochures
                            

  download a free version of
                adobe acrobat reader to view documents.
                





























contact us


corporate office

elite fence products, inc.


50925 richard w blvd

chesterfield twp., mi
48051




phone (586)468-4448

toll-free 1-800-783-1331

fax (586)468-4884

contact us




florida division

elite fence products, inc.


14523 us hwy 19

hudson, fl 34667




phone (727) 861-0182

toll-free 1-888-222-1846

fax (727) 861-0185

contact us




tennessee division

elite fence products, inc.


835 scott street

murfreesboro, tn 37129




phone (615) 849-1886

toll-free 1-888-426-7270

fax (615) 849-1816

contact us





                    copyright ©
            2025
            elite fence products, inc. |  
terms and conditions


follow us on:   
 facebook    
                
 linkedin    
                
 twitter    
                
 foursquare




;   
    
            
  
            
  
            



                    "elite fence", "be american, buy american", "avalanche" & "ziptrack" are all registered trademarks of elite fence products, inc
                    
                    site design by
            xfx studio web development, inc.














