
    


            home - pennsylvania business broker association		
































 












×

log in to member area









forgot password?






+
homebuy a businessoverviewbuy a businesssell a businessoverviewfind a brokerresourcesmember articlespbba sponsorspbba affiliate memberseducational seminarsseminar calendarshelpful linksbroker careerabout usoverviewmember benefitscode of ethicsby lawsofficers & board of directorspbba newsupcoming eventsjoin pbbacertified brokerssponsor benefits









 
mobile menu







 



homebuy a businessoverviewbuy a businesssell a businessoverviewfind a brokerresourcesmember articlespbba sponsorspbba affiliate memberseducational seminarsseminar calendarshelpful linksbroker careerabout usoverviewmember benefitscode of ethicsby lawsofficers & board of directorspbba newsupcoming eventsjoin pbbacertified brokerssponsor benefitslog in


welcome to the home of pennsylvania business broker association
  



 the pennsylvania business brokers association (pbba) is an association of main street business brokers and merger and acquisition intermediaries whose goal is to promote the growth and professionalism of the business brokerage community within our state and surrounding member states.whether you'd like to buy or sell a business, our network of professional brokers can provide the knowledge and resources to make it happen!search for businesses available  who we are         news & eventscheck out the latest news and upcoming eventson our events calendar. we host a number ofinformative seminars throughout the year to helpyou grow and prosper.   what we do       buyer & seller linkslooking to buy or sell a business?search our business listings or find a brokerin your area to help you find just the rightbusiness for your financial future!     contact us       sponsorsvisit our sponsors and find links tovaluable products and services to helpyour business!   recent news 
no current news view all   upcoming events 


apr
09


pbba spring 2025 dinner and mastermind roundtable discussion
where:  maggiano's italian restaurant 
160 n gulph rd, ste 205, king of prussia, pa

agenda:



may
16


ibba summer conference

register here


 view all platinum sponsormeridian is an innovative community bank serving pennsylvania, new jersey, delaware and maryland with more than 20 offices and a full suite of financial products and services. meridian specializes in commercial and industrial lending, residential and commercial real estate lending, electronic payments, and wealth management solutions through meridian wealth partners. meridian's sba team strives to ensure the success of business ventures through bespoke financing, reliable counsel, and a quick closing.contact: rocco perate, svp small business administration lendingphone: (215) 454-2846website: www.meridianbanker.comemail: rperate@meridianbanker.comgold sponsorthe stewardship business plan store provides business plan writing services. we regularly write comprehensive plans for entrepreneurs to obtain funding from lenders and investors. our experience in accounting and finance allows us to make the process quick and easy for buyers and sellers. 




			© 2025 
			pennsylvania business broker association, all rights reserved.
		

pennsylvania business brokers association lists pennsylvania businesses for sale, and assists buyers and sellers during transactions involving businesses for sale in pa. pennsylvania business brokers association (pbba)dr. jason j. hubler, pbba presidentess business services, llc • 2173 embassy drive, lancaster, pa 17603phone: 717-817-3861 • email: jason@ess-business.com©2023, pennsylvania business brokers association. all rights reserved. terms of usethis site's website development services and hosting provided by ezmarketing, lancaster, pa. members of:  

			website powered by memberleap.







twitter-icon










fb-icon










pinterest-icon










linkedin-icon










