
















































f&g | turn your aspirations into reality






skip to main content






                                login
                            

financial & insurance professional

policyholder

prt group annuity certificate holder



















annuities



fixed indexed annuities (fias)


multi-year guaranteed annuities (mygas)


registered indexed-linked annuities (rilas)





life insurance



institutional



plan sponsors


group annuity certificate holders


funding agreements





about




about




leadership




culture



careers


internships




news




news




research




resources






investors




contact






















we are f&g
you may be seeking some security for you and your loved ones, and our annuities and life insurance policies are equipped to do just that. you can be protected during life’s unexpected events, indirectly participate in the market without experiencing the downside and create a predictable income you can count on. 














turn your aspirations into reality
join over 1,000,000 people who have trusted f&g to help them prepare for their futures.












let's get started

there’s a lot to know, and we have the information to help you make an informed decision about your financial future. let’s take a closer look at what it means to have an annuity or life insurance, and why both are important.




what is an annuity?


what is life insurance?













who is f&g?

we’re the people who collaborate with your financial advisor or agent to ensure your prosperity.
                                we help them find the product that best serves your needs. working together with agents,
                                we become something greater; we become agents of possibility, agents of empowerment, agents
                                of stability and confidence in a volatile world.
get to know the company





established
1959


u.s. home office
des moines, ia


licensed agents
82,000+


people protected
over1,000,000







a
outlook: stable
am bestas of 1/2024


a-
outlook: stable
s&p globalas of 9/2024


a-
outlook: stable
fitch ratingsas of 8/2024


a3
outlook: stable
moody’s ratingsas of 10/2024




financial strength ratings for fidelity & guaranty life insurance company and fidelity & guaranty life insurance company of new york for a.m. best, fitch, and s&p. financial strength rating for fidelity & guaranty life insurance company for moody’s.for full explanation of each financial rating, visit this page
read the latest news









who are f&g employees?


we are f&g. a team. we are individuals collaborating for a larger social good. we are not just insurance people. we are spouses, siblings, parents, friends and neighbors. we are humans, and we are here to help you.
get to know the team
join the team











get connected with the right people





                                        ready to talk with a financial and insurance professional? let us know what you’re looking for, and we’ll connect you with the right person.
                                    
contact a financial professional


do you own an individual f&g annuity or life insurance policy and need some help? you can contact policyholder support below to get answers to your questions.
contact policyholder support


did your defined pension obligations get transferred to f&g through a pension risk transfer (prt) transaction? you can access prt group annuity certificate holder support below.
contact prt support





"f&g" is the marketing name for fidelity & guaranty life insurance company issuing insurance in the united states outside of new york. life insurance and annuities issued by fidelity & guaranty life insurance company, des moines, ia.
                        
24-0040
                        















about f&g
ratings
careers
investors




annuities
what is an annuity?




life insurance
what is life insurance?




contact us
faq
download forms
reach customer service
talk to a financial & insurance professional








© 2025 f&g
privacy policy
website termsaccessibility







































