



book online now!  all-inclusive luxury - up to 78% off | villa del palmar






















					villa del palmar
				

call our cabo vacation experts
800-650-8199



home
faqs
reviews
photos

suites & rates

penthouses


specials
airport transportation
contact













villa del palmar

1
2
3
4
5
6








make a reservation

check in date
 


check out date
 


adults
12345678 

children
012345678





featured units
junior suitethe junior suite (or large studio) is roomy and comfortable for 3 adults or 2 adults and 2 kids, providing a full kitchen and balcony.see junior suite detailssleeps: 4.0baths: 1.0junior suite eliterecently remodeled on high floor studio suite sleeps three adults or 2 adults and 2 kids under 12see junior suite elite detailssleeps: 3.0baths: 1.01 bedroom/2 baththe 1 bedroom, 2 bath suite sleeps 4 comfortably, providing a full kitchen and balcony.see 1 bedroom/2 bath detailssleeps: 4.0baths: 2.01 bedroom/2 bath elitenewly remodeled 1 bedroom, 2 bath suite sleeps 4 comfortably, providing a full kitchen and balcony.see 1 bedroom/2 bath elite detailssleeps: 4.0baths: 2.0deluxe ocean front penthouse 1201you will have all the luxuries from home in the 2.5 bedroom, 2,500 sq. ft. ocean front penthouse. let the chefs cook for you with the villa del palmar all inclusive meal plan and focus your energy on having the time of your life in cabo san lucas.see deluxe ocean front penthouse 1201 detailssleeps: 8.0baths: 2.0villa 1401 ocean front penthousevilla del palmar penthouse 1401 is a 3 bedroom ocean front villa with spectacular beach, ocean and land's end view. private hot tub on wrap around deck.see villa 1401 ocean front penthouse detailssleeps: 8.0baths: 3.0ocean front penthouse 1501the premier ocean front penthouse villa 1501 has been totally remodeled and updated in 2018. 2,500 sq. ft. of complete luxury. the 3 bedrooms, full kitchen, and veranda are just a few of the amazing amenities. enjoy the view of land's end from your private jacuzzi while sipping on a classic margarita.see ocean front penthouse 1501 detailssleeps: 8.0baths: 3.0vdp ocean view penthouse 3503luxurious 3 bedroom penthouse that can sleep up to 8  guests in the 2,500 sq. ft. villa. enjoy the spectacular view of medano beach from the jacuzzi on your private terrace and cook a meal in your full size gourmet kitchen.see vdp ocean view penthouse 3503 detailssleeps: 8.0baths: 3.0spectacular 4br penthousespectacular one-of-a-kind 4 bedroom rooftop penthouse. nearly 7,000 total square feet of over-the-top living.see spectacular 4br penthouse detailssleeps: 12.0baths: 4.0 


villa del palmar cabo resort & spa

1br/2bath suites starting at only $149/night
                    

for luxury vacation rentals at greatly reduced rates, experience the beachside condos at villa del palmar. 
this cabo beach resort is on pristine medano beach, the most popular and swimmable beach in cabo san lucas. the 5-star beach resort enjoys a pleasant climate (almost 360 sunny days a year) and beautiful vistas.
there are 3-br, 2-br deluxe, 2-br, 1-br and large studio suites, all fully furnished, complete with full kitchens. discounted rentals are available on this website.
for nearly a decade, savvy travelers have discovered how to save thousands of dollare by renting vacation time through bentoncabo. it's easy and every reservation in secured with a resort generated confirmation.
no other site can offer you the low rates, personal service and expert cabo advice that we offer! feel free to call us and find out why vacationers "in the know" come back to us over and over again.  click here for villa del arco beach resort information.
click here for villa del palmar flamingos beach resort information.
beach resort and spa amenities
this beach resort has 3 swimming pools, jacuzzis, room service, 2 restaurants, a grocery/deli market, 2 lighted tennis courts, purified water in every suite, and daily maid service. for all the amenities, see the beach resort amenities page.
the beach resort suites are all condos and have fully-equipped kitchens, satellite tv, linens and towels. for a complete list, see the beach resort suites page.
the european-style spa at villa del palmar has a full range of services and treatments available. there are massages, body scrubs and treatments, facials, salon treatments, full gym, exercise classes, steam rooms and dry saunas.
with over 9 resturants and bars to choose from on site, you'll love the variety and hospitality. as an option, an "all inclusive meal plan" is now available. for details, see our faqs page.
beach resort activities
at the villa del palmar cabo san lucas beach resort, vacationers can enjoy the best sport fishing (cabo is known as "the marlin capital of the world"). world-class golf courses (some with ocean-front holes!) are nearby. endless beaches and water sports include scuba diving, snorkeling and swimming in the sparkling water.
umbrellas and lounge chairs are set up on the beach, and towels are provided. it's easy to rent the water toy of your choice, from high-powered jet skis or sea doos, to quiet self-powered sea kayaks. the bay is alive with watercraft, sea kayaks, catamarans and parasailors.
there is whale-watching during the annual visits of grays, orcas, humpbacks, and blue whales from december to march.
this cabo san lucas beach resort also offers many land-based activities, including atv tours, hiking, and sightseeing. there are lots of restaurants, night life, and bountiful shopping opportunities as well.
the full-time entertainment staff provide a wide variety of on-site activities for villa del palmar guests. many of the daytime activities are centered around the lower pool area. also, a 9-hole mini-golf course, various classes, fashion shows, table games, books, and shuffle board are available. dinner shows are provided most evenings of every week. for full details, see the beach resort entertainment page.
everyday the kids in paradise program provides lots of fun activities for children ages 4 to 12. for more information about this and other children's activities, see the beach resort children's activities page.
the best cabo san lucas beach resort vacation
the villa del palmar cabo san lucas beach resort provides the setting for an unforgettable vacation experience. just ask our many satisfied customers! their comments can be found on the reviews page.
check current cabo san lucas weather forecasts by visiting the cabo san lucas info/weather page.
one of the newest villa del palmar resorts is flamingos, located on the white sandy beaches in nuevo vallarta. this new beach resort is an all-suite, all ocean-view family beach resort. for information about the resort and the area, click on villa del palmar flamingos beach resort.
another new 5-star up-scale beach resort, close to villa del palmar cabo, is villa del arco beach resort. the resort is designed as a family-oriented beach resort. this page features information about the resort.
                 
the iconic willie the whale slide at villa del palmar cabo. incredible fun for kids of all ages...even mom and dad!
 




destination cabo


view out other resorts:

estancia cabo
villa del palmar-flamingos
villa del arco










about usactivitiesamenitiesbeacheschildren's activitiesentertainmentfishinggolflinksmexican entertainmentpenthousespoliciesratesrestaurantsscuba divingvilla del arco beach resort and spaweather 



 
 
 



terms & conditions  |  privacy policy
			© 2025 destination cabo.    all rights reserved.  
		

 

