



	wisdom of the heavens, earth, body, mind & soul
























wisdom magazine's monthly webzine





login



register






wisdom is a web compendium of information  with articles, services and products and resources related to holistic health, spirituality and metaphysics.










home
                         about
                         this month's articles
                         calendar of events
                         classified listings

                                              
                         educational programs                        
                         sacred journeys & retreats 
                         holistic resource directory


                         article archives

                         wisdom marketplace
                         web partner links




                         advertising information

















































































 
















articles for february 2025
the heavens

                      
   2025 tarot tips and messages from the stars   by elissa heyman
 
best choices in 2025 should bring balance to your life: a successful 2025 is one in which you give and take; work and play; strive and rest. the way to meet pressure you are likely to feel is to slow down, take time to do things right, and don’t let ...more

                      
   astrological forecast for february 2025   by lou valentino
 
we start off february with the vitality of aquarius. the reason for this is we just had a new moon in aquarius on january 29th which completes its intentions on the next full moon in leo on february 12th. 
here is a reminder of what the new moon in ...more

                      
   your horoscope for february 2025   by elizabeth joyce
 
aries (3/21-4/20)
if you felt held back in january, expect february’s energies to start things moving as the rest of the retrograde planets move forward, after mars turns direct on the 23rd, it’s ideal to begin to set your plans in motion. venus ent...more


the earth

                      
   earthtalk®   by roddy scheer & doug moss
 
dear earthtalk: what are some ways music gear makers are going green? – peter b., groton, ct 

music gear production, from collecting materials, producing gear and packaging with excessive plastic, has numerous negative environmental effects. colle...more


the mind

                      
   acquired savant syndrome: take care or you might become a genius   by anthony talmage
 
imagine waking up one day a genius! suddenly you have the ability of a concert pianist or a mathematical prodigy. it couldn’t happen, could it? well, yes it could. in fact, for a rare few it’s an astonishing reality. these one-time ordinary people ha...more


the soul

                      
   courage to thrive   by eve wilson
 
there is strength which comes from a primal place within each of us that gives courage to thrive within our lives. it is often buried beneath our upbringings and social mores. alternately those who access it may not do so with good intentions. learni...more


special features

                      
   documentary: the kindness within: a journey to freedom
 
premiering on amazon prime on february 21, 2025, the kindness within: a journey to freedom is a soul-stirring documentary that explores the universal quest for meaning, healing, and connection. this deeply personal journey is a sequel to the beloved ...more






























































call us: 413-339-5540 
or  | 

email us


 | about us

 | privacy policy

 | site map

 | © 2024 wisdom magazine










ml>