










home - clark & feeney attorneys at law



























































skip to content





























 
the firmattorneyspracticescontact us









request consultation










 


















pursuing justice  since 1972











quality legal advice with results
you can expect at a fair price.







learn more























attorneys at law






legal experts












serving clients across northern idaho & washington


meet our team


 



















clark & feeney






practice area





















personal injury 

















criminal defense 


























family law 

















alternative dispute resolution 






















corporate law 

















complex civil litigation 

















estate planning 












learn more about our practices























let our experience be your guide.






at clark & feeney, we have a long history of zealously supporting both businesses and individuals placing their interest first. turn to us for quality legal advice, results you can expect, and always at a fair cost.










request consultation























clark & feeney






reviews













"i have worked with mr. clark for over 20 years. i have found him to be of the highest professionalism and ethics. his commitment to finding resolutions to issues is outstanding."
family law / real estate / litigation / personal injury









"they were caring, professional, and simply outstanding both during the long journey towards the trial and his confidence, experience, and abilities were an undeniable asset in the courtroom. staff were undeniably amazing! we knew without a shadow of a doubt that this team was working tirelessly for us."
child custody modification case 









"clark & feeney spent time learning about the circumstances around the issues in question and their performance in court was reassuring and successful. i feel confident that mr. clark provides outstanding performance with his legal expertise. with no doubt i recommend him as an attorney."
family law / business matters 












 






























1229 main street, suite 102
lewiston, idaho 83501
(208) 743-9516
mon to fri: 9.00 am – 5.00 pm














© 2025 clark & feeney attorneys at law. all rights reserved. website by northwest media.
this is a publication of clark and feeney, llp, intended to provide general information and should not be construed as providing legal advice or legal opinions. you should consult an attorney for any specific legal questions. some of the content in this publication may be considered attorney advertising under applicable state laws. prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.









 









