


russ pickett's homepage
































    





















                















 

or send email to: russpickde@comcast.net


c










sunday," july 7, 2024 "





" this website was originally created by me in 1998 due to my: "




there are " multiple sections " 
included in this website that express the above five " important " parts of my life.












       



        

                

        

  







     for my " love of family " :

you will find over " 20 family trees " that i've created and maintain .....


     for my " love of history " you will find :

      multiple pages that include over " 60,000 biographies " of soldiers " from multiple states " that " gave their all " during world war ii that i've respectfully created and/or maintain  .....  many include photos, awards, family links, and links to other soldiers that perished together .....


      some " delaware history " including delawareans who have " given their all " as " soldiers, police officers, and firefighter " that i've respectfully created and/or maintain.   also you will find listings that include " delaware's past and current elected officials " ( many include biographies ) along with other delaware history articles .....


     for my " love of god " you will find :

an entire section called " faith mountain ! "
      having studied " every major religion " over my lifetime i ended up coming to the " knowledge " that there is truly only one religion that shows man the true way to life eternal and that is: " christianity " !
      with " many bumps along the way " i came to realize that only " fundamentalist christianity " was an option.   in 2002 i was ordained by a reputable ministry and now write " biblical fundamentalist christian articles " that are bibilical sound on " faith mountain ! "
to go to " faith mountain " now :
( without leaving this page )





 my son ryan m. pickettalso has " 2 " successful youtube channels :



ryan, " a teacher by profession ",
currently has his own successful
" youtube channel " with " over 2,600 subscribers "
that is called :
" global community "

         this video channel, " which is very professionally created " , includes many interesting facts that will provide you, through great videos, with just about everything you'd want to know concerning many other countries around the world such as :


" 15 countries with the greatest histories "
" finland "    ~    " spain "
" scotland "    ~    " canada "
" brazil "    ~    " jamaica "
" denmark "    ~    " sweden "
" norway "    ~    " portugal "
    ~        ~    plus much more !    ~        ~    

ryan also, " along with his son landon ",
 has created another successful
" youtube channel " with " around 700 subscribers "
that is called :
" the kid professor "

         " the kid professor channel " is quickly being used by many elementary schools, and by parents that are home schooling their children, as a teaching aid concerning such subjects as :

" 25 ways to be kind "    ~    " pep talk to end prejudice "
" 25 things we should say more often "
" rock your socks for downs syndrome "
" the underground railroad "    ~    " types of communities "
" weather and climate "    ~    " why do animals live in groups? "
" blizzards for kids "    ~    " social distance pep talk "
    ~        ~    plus much more !    ~        ~    



there are  " multiple other links & sections " that are part of my web site ....
scroll down " or " use the " quick links " below:






























































    
    
    









    

    









                












" major george s. welch "
 
the delawarean
who should be awarded the
" medal of honor ! "


" click here for his story!
























   i always have two " actively working projects " :


1.   those who " gave their all " during world war ii !

      having completed individual memorial's for the world war ii soldiers and sailors who " gave their all " from my home state of " delaware " and our neighbor " maryland "  .....
i moved on and also completed the states of:
" maine  -  new hampshire  -  wyoming  -  vermont "
      i'm currently working on:
" connecticut  -  district of columbia  -  new york "

to view those who " gave their all " during world war ii by state
 click on your state of choice displayed below !
2.   my christain website " faith mountain " !

      i became, for a lack of a better word, a " follower " of jesus christ in 1973 and have studied christianity since that time ( 45 plus years )  ....  i quickly learned through my studies that becoming a " fundamentalist " was the " only " possibility if i was to call myself a " christian " !
      i was eventually called by god to become a " teacher " ( not a preacher ) of christianity and in the year 2002 i was ordained as a minister  ....  faith mountain was started in the late 1990's as a way of sharing christianity and what i had learned .....

" to view faith mountain you will see the link below !

















      
    
      
    
      
    

      
    
      
    
      
    










" world war ii soldiers & sailors who gave their all "
( currently in progress ! )
for the connecticut state listing !

                                                    


" world war ii soldiers & sailors who gave their all "
( currently in progress ! )
for the new york state listing!






" world war ii soldiers & sailors who gave their all "
( currently in progress ! )
for the new jersey state listing!

                                                    


" world war ii soldiers & sailors who gave their all "
( currently in progress ! )
for the district of columbia listing!






















  









































     in 2012 i worked on a project with the "democrat & chronicle" of rochester, new york.   this project included two parts:   first a database of all the soldiers and sailors that "gave their all" during world war ii from monroe county and secondly stories where printed on some of the soldiers on their front page on the sunday before memorial day 2012.   those stories are no longer available unless you subscribe to that paper.

this database is online and located at the following address and is available for all to view:
http://rocdocs.com/database/local-servicemen






     i proudly served my country as a sergeant in the u.s. army.   in the 60's, when i was eligible for the draft, they used a lottery system based on birthdates to determine who would be drafted and who wouldn't.   based on my birthdate it was " positive " that i " would not " be drafted!   " i enlisted in the army anyway to serve my county despite the fact that i wouldn't be drafted! "






other websites that i created and work on include:

 


        
          







     two other hobbies that i have:  




                    
working on find a grave!



     i'm also posting information on the "find a grave" website in hopes of helping others with memories of past loved ones and to help find past family members.  i've currently posted over 60,000 grave sites.  my main page at "find a grave" and the multiple "virtual cemeteries" on "find a grave" that i have created are as follows:

my find a grave homepage  -  "click here"
the main "find a grave" homepage ( in case you want to join this interesting project or look up a famous person's gravesite )   -  "click here"



some virtual cemeteries i've created include:

delaware governors  -  "click here"
delaware police officers who died in the "line of duty"  -  "click here"
delaware firefighters who died in the "line of duty"  -  "click here"
delawareans who gave their "all"  -  "click here"
delaware civil war soldiers  -  "click here"
and many other virtual cemeteries  -  "click here"





as an extra on the movie set ...  " glory " !


" russ pickett and matthew broderick "on the glory movie set!
" russ pickett & nephew gary lee ogden "on the glory movie set!





middletown-odessa-townsend little league
1961 corvette's

left to right
front row:
??? ~ ??? ~ scottie rheims ~ johnny branner ~ rusty pickett
middle row:
??? ~ ??? ~ ??? ~ peter gordy
back row:fred shallcross ~ ??? ~ bobbie shetzler ~ jackie pickett ~ jack pickett

if you know any of the above please send me an email at:
russpickde@comcast.net.








to create graphics for my webpages i use the free graphic generator web site:


thanks to them for this great " free " service!












send e-mail to russ:
webmaster
with questions or comments about this web site or others and their content
last modified: october 29, 2019
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

