


















san francisco bay area garden fountains, planters, & fire pits







































































































 







































wholesalers click here
 



view cart
view cart
 






our south san francisco showroom is open to the public mon-sat 8am-4:30pm






      giannini garden      

      where originality counts    



      menu    

    skip to content    
home
about us
contact
factory & showroom
products

new for 2024
fountains
ponds and coping
planters & urns
statuary
benches & tables
finishes
water spouts
fire pits & fireplaces
pizza ovens
italian furniture
italian terracotta
italian ceramics


delivery & installation
product gallery

products
production
home installations


store

bronze spouts
italian ceramics
pizza ovens


 






where originality counts.
giannini garden ornaments • south san francisco, ca

visit our showroom

 



garden fountains
planters & urns
benches & tables
italian terra cotta
outdoor fire pits & fire places
pizza ovens
 







welcome


manufacturers and sellers of garden fountains, planters, garden furniture & outdoor ornaments since 1993


we design, manufacture, and sell fine cast-stone garden ornaments including water fountains, planters, benches, statuary and pottery at our factory and showroom in south san francisco, bay area, ca. we are also factory-direct importers of fine tuscan terracotta planters, tuscan ceramic plates and tables, bronze water spouts and pizza ovens from italy. our south san francisco, ca factory and showroom is open to the public and has over 1,000 fountains in-stock and ready to deliver and install by our courteous service team.
all items on our website are available for purchase at our south san francisco, ca factory/showroom, or at a local dealer. giannini also ships throughout the united states and worldwide for customers without dealers in their area. contact us to find your nearest giannini authorized dealer or to receive pricing and shipping information. our bronze spouts, italian ceramics, and pizza ovens are available to purchase online at our online store and ready to ship throughout the united states. visit our recently updated online gallery page to see our products, manufacturing process and photos of our garden products in real home settings.
for customers wondering what a fountain looks and sounds like with running water, visit our youtube page where you can see and hear our fountains while they are running.
thank you for visiting our website!










product search  search for:
contact us 

 










your name



your email



subject



your message



















 

 








recent posts


the many benefits of owning a decorative garden fountain.


wood-burning pizza ovens from italy –in stock and ready to ship from our factory/showroom.


planters


visit our updated youtube page


new website launched


 









© 2025 giannini garden ornaments, inc. all rights reserved. | privacy statement









 


































