








mackay precast concrete | nanaimo | vancouver island




























































































































0shopping carthome
about us
precast concrete products

picnic tables
benches
planters
litter containers
light pole bases
outhouse buildings
more products
precast portfolio


gallery
quote form

custom quote form
itemized quote list


featured items
contact
search




menu


menu

 






precast concretepicnic tableslearn moreprecast concretebencheslearn moreprecast concreteplanterslearn moreprecast concretelitter containerslearn moreprecast concretelight pole baseslearn moreprecast concreteouthouseslearn more

mackay precast – proudly providing the west coast with concrete solutions to your outdoor furnishing needs for over 30 years!


learn more

mackay precast productsmackay’s is an innovative manufacturer with a proven track record of: durable, attractive, high quality, cost effective, reliable products.
commercial concrete productsconcrete benches, concrete picnic tables, concrete planters, concrete garbage cans, concrete light pole bases, and much, much more.

featured products


parkland outhouse/pit toilet select options

wheelchair accessible outhouse building select options

monster barrier curb, vehicle bumper guard – exposed aggregate concreteadd to quotein quotelistin quotelist  show details 

hexagon planter – exposed aggregate concrete select options

rectangular planter with straight sides – exposed aggregate concrete select options

square recycle container – style b select options

bevelled square garbage container – style b select options

park bench with arm rests select options

mackay picnic table – standard select options



more precast concrete products
more yard & garden products


some of our notable clients include:


whatever your project may be, mackay precast products is the company that can deliver in any situation, no matter how challenging.
dwight mackay continues to produce innovative designs that can be found all over british columbia and across north america. we specialize in supplying precast concrete to contractors, government institutions and businesses.

bc ferries: mackay precast designed and built concrete picnic tables for the departure bay and duke point terminals, unique planters with seating for the tsawwassen ferry terminal and 52 exposed aggregate planters at the langdale terminal.
ministry of forests was looking for a solution to a vandalism problem; outhouses in parks were constantly being vandalised and set on fire. the solution was to create a durable aesthetically pleasing concrete outhouses – something they said “couldn’t be done”. dwight mackay, willing to accept any challenge, rose to the occasion and now works closely with the ministry and other recreation facilities to manufacture outhouses and concrete picnic tables for various parks around the province.




about us


mackay precast products produces our own concrete mixture in project specific batches to achieve consistent product composition every time. our attention to this detail is what ensures our quality and sets our products apart.
whether you choose a garbage can or a picnic table, you can be assured that the same high standards are maintained in everything we produce.


learn more
long term durabilitysupplying contractors, government institutions, businesses and individuals looking for the long term durability of outdoor concrete furnishings combined with unique and stylish designs. contact mackay precast today.

variety and qualitymackay precast products manufactures wide variety of quality precast products such as: concrete benches, concrete picnic tables, concrete planters, concrete litter containers, concrete ashtrays, concrete outhouses, and much more.

international shippingwe ship our products throughout canada and the united states (u.s.a.). we are proud to work closely with provincial & state agencies, cities, parks, hospitals, schools, golf courses, malls, contractors and corporations to provide quality, reliable and cost effective concrete solutions to their projects.

more informationfor more details on the complete line of mackay precast concrete products, please visit our products pages and submit a request for a quote, or click here to contact us by phone or email!



regular hoursmarch 1 – oct 31st
monday – friday
8:00 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
closed saturday, sunday & stat. holidays
winter hoursnov 1 – feb 28th
monday – friday
8:00 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
closed saturday, sunday & stat.holidays
contact infotelephone: (250) 758-3412
toll free: 1-800-760-3412
fax: (250) 758-3407
email: info@mackayprecast.com

   

connect with mackay precast mackay precast products

telephone: (250) 758-3412

toll free: 1-800-760-3412

fax: (250) 758-3407
email: info@mackayprecast.com

follow us 
featured products

 parkland outhouse/pit toilet




 hexagon planter - exposed aggregate concrete




 monster barrier curb, vehicle bumper guard - exposed aggregate concrete




 park bench with arm rests




 bevelled square garbage container - style b




 rectangular planter with straight sides - exposed aggregate concrete


navigatehome
about us
precast concrete products
precast portfolio
quote form
contact
terms and conditions
privacy policy
returns & refunds policies
sitemap






copyright © mackay precast products | all rights reserved | website by webacom media
facebooktwitter






scroll to top






























































