













bedford research foundation - bedford research foundation




































































 
















menu



about

overview: what we do

a brief history
media
contact
careers


leadership

director
partners & staff
trustees
ethics advisory board
science committee
dr. paul winig – in memoriam




research

pluripotent stem cells

parthenote stem cells
can stem cells cure hiv?


stem cell growth & culture

circadian rhythms
gene expression
gem culture medium


prostate research

prostate cancer
prostatitis


hiv research

hiv in semen
stem cells for hiv


what is stem cell research?

stem cell faqs
stem cell textbook


eggs & society

what is an embryo?
human eggs, the need, the risks, the politics
president obama’s policy
egg & embryo donor program

egg donor history






services

gem culture medium

fertilization
transgenic mice
order online


other services

pvsa




spar
symposia

activated egg symposium
spinal cord workshop


donate

donate today!
make a donation

recurring gifts
planned giving
prostate research
spar hiv research
why give to bedford


start a gift fund

donations in memorium
wedding gift funds
group donations


corporate sponsorship


videos
blog & news

all news
science highlights
brf newsletters
science article library


 




						0					




no products in the cart.











search

































focusing on-
+ stem cells from parthenotes
+ diseases of the prostate
+ hiv / aids cure & prevention+ spinal cord injury
our goal is to accelerate solutions for understudied health problems affecting millions of people.



 see parthenogenesis in action!learn more about parthenotes in our faq.



learn more




 





blog & news
october 8, 2024jarg - advancing fertility science: explore the latest research in assisted reproduction and geneticsfoundation newsaugust 24, 2024brf's latest cmv data suggests an urgent need for better understanding for semen in ivfcovid-19 / foundation newsfebruary 24, 2024fertilized eggs versus embryos, an ongoing failure of terminologyscience highlightsfebruary 23, 2024what is an embryo?foundation news


sign up for our newsletter!















the activated egg symposiumoctober 27, 2023“human egg activation: the influence of sperm”
watch the talks from last year’s unique one-day event for investigators from academia, industry and infertility clinics. the focus was on discovering novel sperm influences on egg activation.
watch the talks

dr. david digiustoexecutive director / stem cell and cellular therapeutics operations at stanford university hospital and clinicbedford’s stem cell work this year has moved the field closer to the realization of a curative therapy for hiv.dr. fred davisprofessor / northeastern universitydespite the now widely recognized importance of circadian rhythms in health, bedford may be the only research organization exploring the importance of this fundamental regulatory process in early mammalian development.dr. carol warnermatthews distinguished professor emerita / northeastern universitydr. ann kiessling is a forefront leader in stem cell research. and, the best is yet to come.

why give to bedford research?each experiment brings us closer
the average foundation laboratory experiment costs $90,000. because most of our overhead is covered by fee-for-service laboratory tests, 94% of every dollar you donate goes directly toward these experiments. this innovative funding model allows bedford research scientists greater flexibility to move the work quickly in promising new directions. please become a supporter and help us do more experiments this year.


donate now94% of your donation goes directly to research 


donation


 ( $ )







donation quantity


donate now


category: homepage






an innovative funding model that’s been
working for over 20 years.
we follow a model of socially relevant entrepreneurship using fee for service
products to help cover our overhead. before nih grants became
the target for so many institutions, this model was more common, for
example, the salk institute in san diego, ca, that used non-federal resources
to develop the polio vaccine.
 
the foundation is a forward thinking institution that covers
overhead costs by fee-for-service testing, thus allowing
hilanthropic donations to go directly to research.
– alan geismer, chairman,
board of trustees
 
support our work  learn about our history
 
 
 
 

independent, but not alone
as an independent, non-federally funded research institute, our scientists have more flexibility and more consistency than most facilities dependent on federal grants. this unique status in the research community has attracted partnerships across the world, including projects at:


































support our research  donate now




 

 











contact po box 1028
bedford, ma 01730
p: (617) 281-7902
f: (781) 271-9447
e: info@bedfordresearch.org

newsletter sign up 












information donate
privacy policy
mission a not-for-profit biomedical institute conducting stem cell and related research to help find cures for diseases presently considered incurable.
 



			© copyright bedford research foundation

about
research
services
spar
symposia
donate
videos
blog & news



















 
 


























































