


webpediatrics.com





































...another way to your child's better health!











welcome >


our practice


new moms only


adoptive parents


i-consult



hrvatski portal



autism


pandas pitand


ivig


i-newsletter


contact us

















dr. m. kovacevic



web site search



 



autism survey



pandas clinical cases



reference page




legal waiver



































consultation languages









































 welcome to our web home! are you concerned about your child's health? are you getting all the answers? 



infant feeding and sleeping problems * behavioral pediatrics * enuresis * encopresis * pediatric nutrition and supplements * autism and autistic spectrum disorders * pandas & pitand syndromes * tourette's syndrome * intravenous immunoglobulin therapy * pediatric obesity * pediatric eating disorders












our practice is one of only few "old-fashion" pediatric practices left in the chicagoland area. if you want personalized medical care for your child read more about it.










new moms only is devoted to the new parents. look for ideas and advices that will make you a more confident parent and more

intravenous immune globulin can be of benefit in treatment of certain neuropsychiatric disorders in children. obsessive compulsive disorder, tic disorder,read more


autism with the incidence of autism in the us reported to be about 1 in 150 children, this condition is quickly becoming a major national health emergency. are we any closer to solving this perplexing medical problem? are there any answers forthcoming? what can be done to help these children? read more about it here.
pandas pitand certain bacteria and viruses have been implicated as a cause in some cases of obsessive compulsive disorders, autism and anorexia nervosa offering new possibilities in the treatment of these disorders more
 hrvatski portal zabrinuti roditelji bolesne djece, koji ne govore engleski mogu dobiti preko ovog portala konzultaciju ameri~kih stru~njaka za dje~je bolesti. ukoliko smatrate da vam mo`emo pomo}i pogledajte dalje.



examples of pandas & pitand clinical cases seen in our offices.



i-consult pediatric internet consultations are available to the concerned parents of children with difficult medical problems outside the united states. consultations are available in english and several other languages, more
i-newsletter reviews the newest and most interesting medical news from the field of pediatrics. any field of health care (inc. so-called alternative medicine) is covered without prejudice more
adoptive parents can find here information and tips on how to prepare for the new arrival, especially for children adopted from foreign countries more











ø¥ø±ø´ø§ø¯ø§øª ø§ù„ù…ø´ø§ùˆø±ø© ù…øªø§ø­ø© ø§ù„ø¢ù† ø¨ø§ù„ø¹ø±ø¨ùŠù‘ø©



 

copyright by webpediatrics.com©2003 * modified friday, march 30, 2007






