








christian pen pals | a dedicated group of people reaching prisoners with the love of jesus





























































 




























 



christian pen pals


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
home
about us
mission statement
faq’s
testimonies
is this rehabilitation?
prayer list
chat
beloved incarcerated

prisoner art
prisoner poetry


sign up to be a penpal
donate
prisoner resource directory
 





search for:



 























































dear christian friends,


we are a group of christians reaching out to the lonely men and women in prison. most of the inmates contacting us have already accepted jesus or they are seeking god. all of them are lonely, discouraged, and rejected; in need of a caring friend.
jesus has a special place in his heart for hurting people and he calls us to minister to their need. in mathew 25:35-36, jesus says “i was sick and you visited me; i was in prison and you came to me.”  then he explains “in as much as you did it to one of the least of these my brethren, you did it to me.”

be a pen pal who can make a difference in someone’s life!
please note: you must be at least 18 years of age to be a volunteer for christian pen pal ministry. 

write a prisoner



book: “visit prison in an envelope” 
guide to correspondence pen pal ministry: 

click here for amazon


register a prisoner
register a prisoner to receive mail from christian pen pals! click the bottom below and check your junk mail folder for replies.


click here to download the prisoner registration formdownload
still have some questions? click below to contact us! 

contact us




cpp chat – just opened. come and join us for fellowship, meet others, sharing ideas, and stories of what god is doing behind the prison walls.

click here to chat


please, won’t you consider helping? 
“they also will answer, ‘lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?’
“he will reply, ‘i tell you the truth, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’ matthew 25:44-45
volunteers in all areas, such as administrative & office support are always needed! we are a completely volunteer organization.
please contact jesse or beth michael to learn all the ways in which you and your church can serve this ministry.






a dedicated group of people reaching prisoners with the love of jesus

resources

pre-release & parole
publications
seeking god & spiritual truth
services for prisoners & their families


chat
church ministries

prisoner poetry
prisoner art


scrapbook
contact us
the staff
 

 you can help
cpp is a faith based ministry which depends on  donations to help with  the costs of mailing. we need your help to keep  this service available  to inmates without charge. if you believe this work  is worthy, please consider giving!
thank you in advance and may god bless you!
send stamps or checks made out to: christian pen pals po box 11296 hickory, nc  28603
 
 

follow us!

search for:



 







cppministry@gmail.com
(828) 256-6100
hickory, north carolina  united states of america

click below to see our facebook 





								type your email…							
 








 
								subscribe							





blog stats51,609 hits 



					proudly powered by wordpress				








































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



