













sonoma hotel: historic lodging in sonoma california wine country



















































sonoma hotel
sonoma hotel navigation menu



skip to header rotation
skip to main content







menuclosestay





 


 


 


 


 
 




 
 




 


check availabilitybook nowgift certificatesada property featuresamenities 
 

stay

all guest roomsamenitiesada property featurescheck availabilitybook nowgift certificates
about

our propertypoliciesblog
the girl & the figexploregallerycontact

mapdirectionscontact us
stay

all guest roomsamenitiesada property featurescheck availabilitybook nowgift certificates
about

our propertylandmark historypoliciesblog
the girl & the figexplorephoto gallerycontact

mapdirectionscontact us




reservations






check in: 
check out: 




reservations


book direct for best rates
room amenities:

heat/ac
ceiling fans
iron/ironing board
hair dryers
complimentary wi-fi
morning coffee/tea in lobby
stairs only (except room 1)
no smoking


x













scroll⬙









welcome to the historic sonoma hotelthe jewel of the sonoma plaza 
 



located in the heart of the sonoma plaza, this charming historic inn provides the ideal option for your overnight lodging accommodations in california wine country.
foodies rejoice!  there’s no driving necessary to enjoy the bounty of this world-renowned destination.  in addition to the girl & the fig restaurant conveniently located onsite, there are over 15 dining options and countless tasting rooms all within walking distance of the sonoma hotel, so you can savor the experience without a care in the world.








guest rooms 
guest roomsview rooms







landmark history 
landmark historylearn more











things to do 
things to doexplore the area







the girl & the fig 
the girl & the figvisit









read our recent posts
 fall in the sonoma valley: a mag...
fall in sonoma valley is truly magical! the vibrant colors of the changing leaves create a stunning backdrop... read more
 











sonoma hotel
110 w spain stsonoma, ca 95476                        (707) 996-2996
email | website
latitude: 38.2940131 longitude: -122.4587738
accessibility statement
privacy policy
sitemap
















© sonoma hotel 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.






call for assistance(707) 996-2996











 


call
rooms
map
gallery
reserve opens availability calendar window






