
































































mechanicsville-local | richmond.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















37°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



politics



state & region



education



nation & world



news tip




business


local



on the move



top workplaces




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



casino



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith



announcements



sponsored features



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



today's ads



special sections




our publications


mechanicsville local



powhatan today



goochland gazette




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



homes



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices



buyers guide



rtd merchandise




customer service


services



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



advertise with rtd



help center



mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

business

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs








37°
sunny














home




richmond news




local news




hanover county



mechanicsville local







                
                mechanicsville local
                
                    

















        
        
            schools in vhsl's class 4, region b seeking solution to future imbalance

what does the virginia high school league do with the overload of schools in class 4, region b for the 2021-22 and 2022-23 seasons? 

















        
        
            vhsl expected to adopt schedule on sept. 17

the virginia high school league moved its meeting to finalize regular-season and postseason schedules to sept. 17. 

















        
        
            kickers gut out win against no. 1 triumph

while the contest between greenville triumph sc and the richmond kickers had a lot riding on it – a pairing of the top two teams in usl league one – it was not played in a vacuum. it began with both teams on their knees for seven minutes, one minute for each time jacob blake, a 29-year-old b…

















        
        
            kickers win third straight

the richmond earned their third straight win — this time on the road — with a 2-1 victory over the new england revolution ii in foxborough, massachusetts. 

















        
        
            vhsl considering plan with two rounds of regional playoffs in football, two rounds of state playoffs in all sports

the virginia high school league is considering a plan where teams would play 60% of their normal regular-season games, followed by a shortened time frame for regional playoffs and two rounds of state playoffs. the plan would cut region playoffs in football to four teams and eliminate state q…

















        
        
            kickers withstand late-charging tucson

saturday’s rains may have dampened city stadium – and inundated some of the areas around it – but they could not dampen the intensity of the 90-plus minute contest between the richmond kickers and their visitors, fc tucson. 

















        
        
            despite challenges, gral season a success

mechanicsville – getting the greater richmond aquatic league season off was a close-run effort. thanks to covid-19, it almost didn’t happen. 















        
        
            mayor: council weighs options in how to help town’s businesses through the ongoing covid-19 pandemi




ashland – with the coronavirus continuing to surge and weighing over his town, mayor steve trivett told ashland town council on tuesday, aug. 4, that they are “still trying to help businesses through the pandemic. the town is looking for ways to help.” 












        
        
            the mechanicsville local  letters to the editor: week of aug. 12, 2020




reader delves into corwin amendment plan 












        
        
            from the managing editor: a friendship that lasted for eight decades




sally and mom were little girls when they first met in the coal camp near the mine where their fathers worked. their friendship started then and lasted until thursday, july 30, when sally passed away at her youngest daughter’s home near winston-salem, north carolina. 












        
        
            mechanicsville local calendar of events - week of 8/12/2020




saturday, june 20 rescheduled 

















        
        
            eugene j. wright jr.




wright, eugene j. jr., age 95, of mechanicsville, virginia, passed away on august 1, 2020. eugene served his country during world war ii in the army’s combat engineers in central europe, and retired as the manager of the claims department after 44 years with dominion virginia power. eugene w…




















        
        
            norma j. oakley




oakley, norma j., 79, of mechanicsville, va., peacefully entered her heavenly home, sunday, august 2, 2020. she was preceded in death by her parents, lawrence johnson and jessie parker; a sister, logreta mutchie (phil); a brother, larry johnson (margaret); and a sister-in-law, mary francis e…




















        
        
            aubrey “sonny” southard




southard, aubrey “sonny,” 84, of mechanicsville, va., went to be with the lord, tuesday, august 4, 2020. he was preceded in death by the mother of his children, mary southard harris; and a daughter, donna southard; and a nephew, rusty blackwell. “sonny” is survived by his daughter, sharon el…
































        
        
            kickers secure first win of season in front of 800-plus fans

the richmond kickers secured their first win of season in front of 822 fans at city stadium saturday night. 




















        
        
            gral teams wrap up shortened season

mechanicsville – the greater richmond aquatic league completed its pandemic-shortened 2020 season with a pair of cross county matchups and plenty of excellent performances by county swimmers. 




















        
        
            hcsb clarifies school names transition

ashland – under the directive of the hanover county school board, school division staff will be temporarily reinstalling the primary signage at lee-davis high school and stonewall jackson middle school for a brief period of time while school division administration works through the transiti…




















        
        
            return to learn plan addressed in town hall

ashland -- a plan passed earlier this month by the hanover county school board that returns the majority of students to the classroom this fall is receiving a myriad of reactions from parents and teachers. 













        
        
            voter registrar, staff ready for nov. 3 election

hanover – hanover county director of elections/general registrar teresa f. “teri” smithson and her staff are prepared to help all eligible registered voters maintain the ability to cast a ballot in the nov. 3 general election. 




















        
        
            virginia farmer of year: hard work, family tradition pay off

charles edwin (“cj”) isbell jr. is carrying on a 70-year family tradition at keenbell farm in western hanover county. 




















        
        
            donald gibson carter

carter, donald gibson, 80, of mechanicsville, passed away on sunday, july 26, 2020 at covenant woods. he was preceded in death by his wife of 49 and a half years, janet ewell carter, who succumbed to cancer in 2012; and by parents, walter and mary duling carter. don is survived by son, scott…




















        
        
            alma allen seay

allen, alma seay, 95, of mechanicsville, passed away sunday, july 26, 2020. she was preceded in death by her husband of 55 years, george robert allen. she is survived by her children, stuart allen, linda hobson (billy), larry allen (jane) and gail payne (bruce); 12 grandchildren and 18 great…

















                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            virginia: with peace on tax rebates, gaming on the table in budget talks


















        
        
            st. mary's hospital to build 8-story tower, transforming its campus










        
        
            tornado warning for virginia sunday morning















                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 
















        
        
            the mechanicsville local letters to the editor: week of 8/5/20

lee’s treatment of slaves said to be cruel 












        
        
            thomas a. turner sr.

turner, thomas a. sr., 85, of mechanicsville, left us on saturday, july 25, 2020. he was predeceased by his wife, constance “connie” turner. he leaves behind his three children, karen, tommy and matthew and his wife, holly turner; as well as seven grandchildren. he was an electrician for 34 …




















        
        
            charlotte ann jenkins

jenkins, charlotte ann, 64, of mechanicsville, passed away thursday, july 30, 2020. she was preceded in death by her father, rev. charles jenkins sr. she is survived by her daughter, amber; mother, catherine; sister, beverly; brothers, jimmy and chuck. she was loved and will be missed by all.   




















        
        
            james “stuart” hilliard

hilliard, james “stuart,” age 52, passed away march 28, 2020. he is survived by his daughter, jamie leigh hilliard; and two granddaughters, baileigh and remi; mother, carolyn hilliard; sister, cindy rath (richard); brothers, henry and steven (amy) hilliard; nieces, caroline and kaitlyn; neph…





















        
        
            weather can’t stop fun for gral swimmers

ashland – weather may have scrambled the best-laid plans somewhat, but it could not keep hanover county’s greater richmond aquatic league teams from competing last week. 




















        
        
            county supervisors react to removal of school names

county attorney: bos doesn’t have authority to have names overturned 




















        
        
            opposition voices prevalent at deq hearing

hanover — more than 40 speakers urged the department of environmental quality (deq) to deny the issuance of a wetlands permit for a 217-acre site that recently was approved for a wegmans’ distribution center. 












        
        
            the mechanicsville local letters to the editor: week of july 29, 2020

former bos member wants officers noticed 









more mechanicsville local



























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


en forme

mechanicsville-ashland local

powhatan today

the goochland gazette

public notices

contests

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

about us

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter sign up

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        richmond times-dispatch, 8460 times dispatch blvd. mechanicsville, va 23116
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe































