


planet salvage - providing insight on the world of metal recycling













metal recycling directory


 



salvage yard options
understanding junkyards
junk car removal
salvage yard services
sell unwanted jewelry




junkyard services » 








junkyards vs. landfills
there are a lot of junked cars available in the world. these cars can end up either in a junkyard where the old parts are disassembled and the usable parts are rebuilt to be used in other cars or for other purposes.  a landfill, on the other hand, is an area which is used to dispose of all kind of wastes, including junk cars. at some point in time, a junkyard can be turned to an unspecialized landfill as parts from the junked products are unintentionally buried in the ground. this is especially true in older or poorly run yards; surveys have been done in the us on property that still contains metals and waste material from work that was done in a building, yard or shop that was demolished on that land 50 years earlier or more.
level of safety
in the situation where a junkyard is turned into a landfill, it means that the junked parts of a car are been buried into the ground with all the chemicals that they contain. these chemicals include new and old lead batteries with acids, gasoline and other fuels, and other toxins that come into direct contact with soil in the ground. this can be dangerous as they may cause a lot of harmful effects on the environment. on the other hand, properly designed and maintained landfills can handle all type of waste, whether agriculture, industrial, medical, biological and other kinds of wastes. these have a protective lining to prevent these wastes from coming into contact with the soil.
advertisement





how much they can handle
the size of the junkyard will determine the amount of junked products it can contain and thereby the amount of waste it will bury in the ground after years of operation. since burying of the junk is generally done unintentionally and just a little amount of soil covers them, this means they can handle just a few products. however, in the case of landfills, they are engineered disposal systems which are dug deep in the ground to handle waste from a large area. it shows that the amount of waste a landfill can handle is far much larger as compared to the unintended burying of junk products in a junkyard, and that it may have a lot of different types of waste before they become full. proper and diligent maintenance and care of the yard and landfill will remain a constant need throughout its existence.
operational cost
though they are not intended for disposal of waste, junkyards are very much expensive to operate, as various aspects are required in their operations. they require staff or outside providers who need pay for disassembly operations, to rebuild the used junk products to be resold, to maintain the cost of equipment of scrapping these products, and much more. in the long run, it can become very costly.
this is as opposed to landfill which are relatively easy to operate. and with low operation costs, they do not need as many personnel, since they can focus exclusively on disposing of a product without worrying about whether or not someone will want to take a piece of it out for re-use. landfills are developed for products going to dust, and not to another car or house.




search by category

junk car removal
junkyards
metal recycling centers
precious metal buyers



 
or click here for an instant online quote. 


junkyard material

junkyard database search
benefits of recycling
comparing replacement parts
how to increase used car resale value
junkyards vs. our environment
operating a yard
proper tire disposal
salvage yard choices
the junkyard business
types of salvage yards
used cars sale considerations
valuable car parts



advertisement






donate your car to a good cause:  call (844) 721-7972 today!
or, to sell your car for cash:  click here for a price quote







 

metal scrap services by state




alaska 
alabama 
arkansas 
arizona 
california 
colorado 
connecticut 
washington dc 
delaware 
florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
iowa 

idaho 
illinois 
indiana 
kansas 
kentucky 
louisiana 
massachusetts 
maryland 
maine 
michigan 
minnesota 
missouri 
mississippi 

montana 
north carolina 
north dakota 
nebraska 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
nevada 
new york 
ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 

rhode island 
south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 
utah 
virginia 
vermont 
washington 
wisconsin 
west virginia 
wyoming 






search junkyard locations by city




bowling green 
helena 
las vegas 
eau claire 
apache junction 
west memphis 
danville 
pomona 
commerce city 
michigan city 
medford 
chaska 
minnetonka 


ocean springs 
hobbs 
yukon 
west linn 
goodlettsville 
college station 
christiansburg 
menasha 
mena 
trumann 
antioch 
lincolnshire 
lincolnwood 


washington 
grinnell 
coffeyville 
wamego 
franklin 
westwego 
fruitland 
south lyon 
swartz creek 
cambridge 
marshfield 
egg harbor city 
hackettstown 


florence 
berwick 
jefferson city 
trenton 
bellville 
center 
cleveland 
kennedale 
nederland 
selah 
sheboygan falls 
waterford 
cody 








 
 



junkyard directory
local junkyard listings
terms and conditions
privacy policy
about us
contact us
listing update requests
add your listing

this website is not represented by junk dealers or metal recyclers and its content is solely intended for general knowledge purposes.
by dialing the sponsored phone number at the top of this website, you will be routed to a charitable organization that is not associated with this website.
@ copyright 2016 www.planetsalvage.com - all rights reserved.













