













the unsinkable rms titanic














the unsinkable rms 






















































































 










welcome
             to my rms titanic page. this site is dedicated to the survivors as
            well as those who lost their lives aboard the titanic on that fateful
            april night in 1912. i hope that you find my site both informative
            and educational.

i would love to hear from
            you. please sign my guest
             book and
            don't forget to bookmark this page!







this site is constantly being
           updated. please check back often.
check out the latest site
            updates.
this site was featured in the
            new york times!



enjoy your visit!




there have been 
    visitors since 03-04-98.






get
     your own le fastcounter


welcome!
for many years, the world has been
     fascinated by the rms titanic. the extreme fascination with this
     great oceanliner has not dwindled throughout the years. there are
     countless theories about what actually happened to the titanic and
     much speculation about how the ship's collision with the iceberg and
     ultimate sinking could have been avoided.
 
much of what we know about the
     titanic's last few hours are from stories told by the survivors. many
     of these stories are inaccurate and conflicting. for example, it is
     not known if the band played until the very end or even what they
     played. it was unknown if the ship actually broke in two before it
     sank (this was confirmed 73 years later). even "official"
     records can contain inaccuracies. for example, no one is certain of
     the exact number of passengers aboard the titanic. all of these
     unknowns add to the mystery and intrigue of this great ship. even
     though the wreckage of the titanic has been found, many questions
     remain unanswered and probably will be forever.
 
when i first learned about the
     titanic in grade school, i was intrigued by this incredible tragedy.
     the titanic's story is so powerful, it is almost impossible to not
     get caught up in it. my hope is that this web site also inspires you
     to be intrigued by the great ship called titanic.







all contents on this site are
      believed to be accurate. if you find any inaccuracies or have any
      comments or questions, please e-mail me. titanic@titanicstory.com







h e l p !

i am trying to locate titanic
   related photographs and material. if you are the legal copyright
   holder and wish to grant me permission to use your photographs and/or
   related material on this site, please e-mail
   me. any help would be greatly appreciated! full credit will be given
   to the copyright holder and a link to your site (if applicable) will
   be provided in my "links" and "credits" sections.
   this web site currently is, and always will remain non-profit.










| top
         of page |
 



copyright © 1997-2003. all
        rights reserved.
 


commercial use or redistribution of the
        contents of this site in any form, printed or electronic, is prohibited. if
         you want to use something found on this site, please obtain written
        permission by sending your request via e-mail.

read copyright notice


















this titanic
        webring site is owned by titanic story

[previous
        site] [random
        site] [next
        site] [skip
        next site] [next
        5 sites] [list
        all sites]
don't have a homepage? become an honorary
        member of the ring!
want to join the titanic
        ring?







 












'the unsinkable rms
       titanic' by titanic story is
part of the 'rms
        titanic web ring' by
jon
        ostrowski .


subscribe to the rms
        titanic active channel
want to join
       the rms titanic web ring?
visit the
       rms titanic chat room.




[skip
        prev] [prev]
        [next]
        [skip
        next]
[random]
        [next
        5] [list
        sites]







created and maintained by kitefly.com

