








home - ncto.org












































































members
ncto members, affiliates & partners
partners
















covid-19 response
join now
contact us
 





















menu

make american ppe
about

mission statement
councils
committees
members
officers and board of directors
ncto staff


policy positions

ncto accomplishments
trade policy
government procurement
regulatory


facts & figures

u.s. textile industry
multiplier effect
economic impact
employment
trade
textiles and our military
regulatory


news & events

press releases
textiles in the news
textures magazine
testimony and statements
ncto events
industry calendar


membership

join now


partners

associations and affiliates
textile colleges and universities
government resources




















ncto podcast

check out ncto’s podcast on the role u.s. textiles play in our everyday lives and their connection to bigger issues such as health, safety and global competitiveness. 
 learn more








why join ncto?

ncto is the voice of u.s. textiles in washington. learn about the value we offer to the industry according to our members.
 learn more








make american ppe

the american textile industry has been the driving force behind the rapid mobilization to supply personal protective equipment (ppe) to stop the spread of covid-19.
 learn more








covid-19 response

as the world battles covid-19, the u.s. textile industry is here to help. ncto provides the latest updates from the federal government regarding this process.
 learn more








we make amazing

in matters of safety near and far, american textiles are on the front lines. when heroes are out in the world protecting us, we’re at home thinking of new ways to protect them.
 learn more








amazingly brave

in matters of safety near and far, american textiles are on the front lines. when heroes are out in the world protecting us, we’re at home thinking of new ways to protect them.
 learn more








amazingly lifesaving

american textiles have advanced healthcare applications, from the protective personal equipment that keep, doctors and nurses safe and operating rooms sterile, to heart stents, antimicrobial fabrics, bandages and gauze.
 learn more












ncto news










                feb 03, 2025      
ncto applauds president trump’s pause on penalty tariffs for mexico and canada; provides...
february 3, 2025 washington, d.c. – the national council of textile organizations (ncto), representing the full...











                jan 21, 2025      
ncto welcomes president trump’s executive order on trade directing federal agencies to investigate...
january 21, 2025 washington, d.c. – the national council of textile organizations (ncto), representing the full...











                jan 17, 2025      
ncto calls customs’ proposed rule limiting de minimis shipments a step forward; urges...
january 17, 2025 washington, d.c. – national council of textile organizations (ncto) president and ceo kim glas...











                dec 11, 2024      
national defense authorization act aims to expand government procurement of american-made goods in...
washington, d.c.—the national council of textile organizations (ncto), spanning the entire spectrum of u.s. textiles...










 


 view all




 



contact ncto



 









ncto washington office

           1701 k st. nw, suite 625
           washington, dc 20006  



            phone: (202) 822-8028
            
            fax: (202) 822-8029
          






 









ncto north carolina office

            po box 1090
            cherryville, nc 28021



            phone: (704) 824-3522
            
            fax: (704) 671-2366
          















mobilizing support for the u.s. textile industry in the 21st century: the national council of textile organizations (ncto) is a unique association representing the entire spectrum of the textile industry.

 learn more



home
we make amazing
about
policy positions
facts & figures



press releases
become a member
partners
contact





copyright © 2018 ncto



















 




























