





islatango – the premiere source of argentine tango in hawaii



































homehawaii tango marathonlessonsmilongas & practicasfaqabout uscontact us









menu







home








welcome to islatango, the premier source of argentine tango in hawaii
lessons, private coaching, and guest instructors
offering lessons from renowned teacher, george garcia, islatango was founded in 1997 and is the longest established and most influential tango source in the mid-pacific area. our students have developed the proper skills to confidently dance in any milonga, anywhere on the planet.

tango for absolute beginners: a four-week series that starts on the first wednesday of each month. “if you can walk… you can learn to tango” with expert instruction from maestro george garcia. class meets on the first four wednesdays of the month at 7:30-8:30pm with a 2-hour practice session included. see lessons page for details.
would you like to take your tango to a higher level? george offers private coaching that gives immediate and long term results for both leader or follower. learn out how to create that ‘lush connection’ that partners find irresistible.
visiting tango instructors – past workshops with guest instructors throughout the years include carlos gavito y marcela duran, hugo y miriam, jorge torres, graciela gonzalez, fabian salas, cecilia gonzales, christy coté, chelsea eng, evan wallace y michelle badion, felix chavez, alberto y valorie, daniel trenner, rebecca shulman, brigitte winkler, jean-sebastien rampazzi, florencia tacchetti, jorge nel giraldo y milena, gloria and claudio otero, felix chavez, emil sansour y nazan, miguel angel pla, julian miller ramil y claudia lissette, susana miller, cacho dante, murat erdemsel, michelle lamb, marcelo solis y yanina messina, carlos stasi and susana guevara, julio marino, mirabai deranja, akiyoshi y noriko tanada, mariana ancarola, david orly-thompson, facundo posadas, gustavo benzecry-saba & maria olivera, fernanda & guillermo, irina rees, yulia maluta, hernan & marina, carolina del rivero, donato juarez, lisette perelle…

how we teach
maestro george garcia teaches traditional elements for the leader and follower by establishing a tango vocabulary for the student that combines logical movements with strong musical connection with one’s partner.
tango etiquette
learn about tango etiquette on our faq page – how to ask someone to dance, how to say no to a request to dance, etc. there is also a great article by ney melo on “do’s and don’ts of inviting and accepting.”
argentine tango instructional videos
featuring george garcia and christy cote

dance vision is currently offering a closeout sale on all dvds. get yours before they’re gone.
the most complete and best produced series available
order directly online or contact george for more information, islatango@hotmail.com












follow us 
 
 











				copyright - oceanwp theme by nick			









close menu


















