


catcall






















	catcall
	



wednesday, may 03, 2006



	 
	 you are fabulous
	 
    
don't believe me? go here.it makes me feel great, every time. how pathetic.

posted by gracegow @ 4:54 pm






tuesday, april 18, 2006



	 
	 undeniable
	 
    
i ask you, how could a person say no to this text message:"i can eat my weight in nachos. beers before the game?"

posted by gracegow @ 1:03 pm






friday, april 14, 2006



	 
	 astrology is for real. really.
	 
    
was on the phone today reflecting with my best friend about how crazy it is that i, one of her most trusted most close friends in the world, am the same astrological sign as the dissappointing fuckwit of a man that she's been hooking up with and been frustrated by for the better part of the last year. how can these two aquarians, me and him, share this amazingly strong and impactful connection with the same great woman, yet mine and hers is so positive and his and hers is so dramatically and profoundly negative?then she read aloud a few lines from astrology for dummies about a new friend of mine.her: "....retentive libras may be prone to urinary tract infections or constipation, so relectant are they to really let anything out in the open."me: "oh. my. god. he really is full of shit."

posted by gracegow @ 1:05 pm






wednesday, april 05, 2006



	 
	 put it in one of those childproof medecine containers and save it for later
	 
    
they say let anger go. they say it's poison, that it can do no good, that we should want clean slates and new beginnings.they are wrong.i've been thinking about my life and the lives of my best friends. i've been thinking how many times in a life does a cell phone really get thrown into a wall in the middle of a conversation? how many times in a life has a person walked by on the street that should say hello but they don't and by not doing so, crush you harder than if they had told you to fuck off to your face? how many times in a life do you find yourself sitting in a car while the person driving is talk talk talking and what they are saying has never made you feel more alone or small and where all you want to do is get out of the car and at that moment in time it does not matter that the car is still moving?how many times? if you are like me or my some of my friends the answer is: once. twice. tops three or four times.for me those rare moments of real anger are moments of clarity, of true stark contrast and of very gritty -and yes, angry- truth. it's a moment where there is no gray and no indecision and certainly no room for misinterpretation. it's a moment of black or white where there is no question about the dynamic between us. it's primal and it's fucked up and yes it is severe...but it's key to remembering why certain people are out of our lives.i say be healthy and move on and let most of it go. i try to live that way. but that part of it all, the hard part that hurt so much? bottle that part up and save it for later and be happy that you have it. because just like a vaccination where they give you a little dose of measles so you don't get a big nasty case later on, it is exactly what will help you from not having it happen again.

posted by gracegow @ 3:58 pm






thursday, march 30, 2006



	 
	 la la la la laaa la la la laa.
	 
    
i usually don't post pics but me thinks maybe i should start. and why oh why does sitting around that damn table just not get old? sad to see you return jonah.in lieu:la belle epoche yeilds a new chairphotoshoot: karate in the parkthere was a little child. and his name was naz.stop buying chocolate croissantsthe toothpick!el matador with a speaker bag is rad. now we just need a speaker purse.must not go into the dark room and now you owe me, bizatch.do laundry on a monday niteevan. (shaking head)

posted by gracegow @ 2:45 pm






wednesday, march 22, 2006



	 
	 maybe i have to have you
	 
    
it's fun to have things to look forward to. big things are fun but the little ones are cool too. some days it's the arrival of a new vanity fair in my mailbox. or the subtle thud of a pitcher of beer being placed in front of me. or the smell of really good italian food that you're going to have to wait an hour or more for but just know it will be worth it when you actually get a table and sit down. sometimes i just really look forward to sitting my ass on the couch for a good 4 hour e! update on melanie griffith and antonio banderas.i miss one little big thing that i used to really really look forward to. i miss howard stern. i miss his babble about strippers at scores that were ugly, about baba booey's buck teeth, about swinging with john stamos and rebecca romijn-stamos, about his own small penis size and other inadequacies in bed. i miss hearing things like: "it's ok for a man to commit adultery if his wife is ugly." i miss it when when richard simmons brought some fat friends with him and howard kept tempting them with potatoe chips suspended by a fishing line. i miss his sketch about black people who looked white when he held up various photos: "now, lena horne . . . she look white! colin powell--he look white, too! michael jackson? he really look white! but guess what? patrick swayze . . he really black!"i love that he never jumped the shark.damn satellite radio, maybe i have to have you.

posted by gracegow @ 9:19 am






tuesday, march 21, 2006



	 
	 it's good to know the priorities are in order
	 
    
even though the first day of spring is today or tomorrow this past sunday was a day that felt like the first day of summer. it was sunny and warm and you just wanted to take your shoes off, open some white wine and chill.so that is what we did. but first we recapped earlier parts of the day.me: what'd you do today?her: i smoked a joint and then walked to starbucks and drank a quadruple grande latte.me: holy shit.her: what?me: i don't know how you can do that. four shots gives me the shakes and makes me sweat.

posted by gracegow @ 6:56 pm










yes i am talking to you.


links

dooce
kexp
postmodern courtesan
postsecret
blurbomat
fireland
tremble
anonymous lawyer
glassdog
salon
woxy
junk in our trunk
communication arts
veer
pentagram
moveon
svc
bitter pill
planet dan
happy go larry
gothamist
waiter rant
matt's a.whole
gofugyourself
emotional toothpaste
geek patrol

previous posts

you are fabulous
undeniable
astrology is for real. really.
put it in one of those childproof medecine contain...
la la la la laaa la la la laa.
maybe i have to have you
it's good to know the priorities are in order
diary of indignities
ooo ooo aah aah
the comedy, it's everywhere

archives

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006







 






free website counters