


cocoa beach weddings | beach weddings in florida by dave and sherri | one stop shop beach wedding planners for your cocoa beach wedding! - cocoa beach weddings

























































				cocoa beach weddings
			



				beach wedding packages
			



				wedding florist
			



				beach wedding info
			



				cocoa beach recommendations
			














cocoa beach wedding planner​elopement weddings on space coast beaches
















beach weddings in florida!destination weddings of florida, inc..d.b.a., ​cocoa beach weddingsas of july 2023 we will be a mobile wedding business again.we will provide your elopement beach, park or air bnb at any brevard county location you choose.we are still using the ​downtown cocoa beach at slater way beach access! 
looking for an experienced and professional beach wedding in florida team? cocoa beach weddings by dave and sherri is central florida's #1 beach wedding services, planners, elopement and vow renewal specialists. we invite you to compare with anyone.  we are established and are ready to help you plan your dream wedding in paradise!​we will also come to you at your space coast beach location!​call dave or sherri 407-970-7314 to get you started planning your cocoa beach intimate wedding planners! beach weddings in florida are fun and affordable.​easy breezy, one stop shop, no shoes required! ®helpful info: we only do one wedding per day, because we want to be flexible in the event of bad weather. it also keeps that day about you!we have determined after years in the business, morning weddings are simply better.this will be your best chance for a great elopement experience because the weather is usually perfect in the morning and if it isn't we have all day to work around it. (afternoon storms are the norm)there are less people around.it's cooler.you will be free to make the most of the rest of your day, less stressed and happily married! ​​we are here to help and make your dream barefoot beach elopement wedding come true!easy breezy, one stop shop, no shoes required!®
destination weddings of florida is your intimate and romantic beach wedding elopements and vow renewals team! cocoa beach weddings is your one stop shop for all your destination wedding needs.















our elopements are fun, romantic, affordable and stress-free! easy breezy, one stop shop, no shoes required!®



cocoa beach weddings ​ ​on this site is actual weddings by us dave and sherri destination weddings of florida, inc.   d.b.a., cocoa beach weddings, surfside cocoa beach wedding florist!
let cocoa beach weddings start planning your cocoa beach wedding or vow renewal by emailing us at: ​destinationweddingsinflorida@gmail.comring us now at: 407-970-7314 (all images on site this site are ours, our products and work.)easy breezy, one stop shop, no shoes required!®www.cocoabeachflorist.com



to secure your wedding




by sending a deposit to us, you agree that your initial deposit is non-refundable (for any reason, including but not limited to hurricanes, or pandemics)sending us payment constitutes as a electronic signature agreeing to this term! ​only any amount paid over the retainer will be refunded. no exceptions!​






see all of our real google reviews, facebook reviews and bbb reviews to name a few! we also have hand written reviews here on info tab.
 check out our 200+  google reviews on google 



westgate resorts voted destination weddings of florida, inc., d.b.a., cocoa beach weddings the #1 wedding planner in central florida! (we kind of like that) :) please see the article here where they named us #1!https://www.westgateresorts.com/blog/6-best-wedding-planners-central-florida/



god didn't promise days without pain. laughter without sorrow or sun without rain. but he did promise strength for the day, comfort for the tears, and light for the way.  ​"be joyful always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances,  for this is god's will for you in christ jesus" 1 thessalonians 5:16-18.​the only way to be truly loved, is to become love... ​surrender to this...freedom!who you are is your gift from god! what you make of yourself is your gift to god! ​thank you father for the feast and hedge of protection, always! god is good!






















cocoa beach weddings by dave and sherri specializes in romantic and affordable florida beach weddings. our weddings also include vow renewals, commitment and same sex ceremonies. our creative services include. officiants and ceremony services and supplies such as sand ceremonies. we are also proud of our beautiful fresh and silk floral bouquets, hawaiian hakus, boutonnieres, centerpieces and corsages. www.surfsideflorist.com/flowers​















free quote anytime!easy breezy, one stop shop, no shoes required!®
contact 407-970-7314email :destinationweddingsinflorida@gmail.com
 



© copyright 2007. all rights reserved.
 









				cocoa beach weddings
			



				beach wedding packages
			



				wedding florist
			



				beach wedding info
			



				cocoa beach recommendations
			
















