






apparel gurus - no minimum custom t shirts - holland, zeeland, gr















































 











(616) 613-6910
info@graphixgurus.com
 

 
 
 










home
launch the guru designer
about apparel gurus
custom printing services
contact the gurus
 


select page


  
 



 



 













custom t-shirts
custom, one-off, direct to garment printing
create your own shirts at apparelgurus.com
get started now
 

 
 
 
 
 




best dtg in west mi


trusted clients


completed projects

 


design and create your own t-shirts!

 


high-quality apparel, expert printing, & custom shirts that are all you!

 

custom shirts bring people together – rep who you are and what you’re about.

 

welcome to apparelgurus.com!  we are the premier, high-end, garment imaging company that wants to meet all your custom t-shirt and apparel printing needs.
we are proudly based out of zeeland, mi and have been in the print and design business since 2007. create something amazing with us!

 
start designing

get in touch

 
 
 




wear your message. 

get started

 
 
 




who we are

 

we love awesome t-shirts

 

at apparel gurus, we are passionate about giving you the best custom t-shirt printing.

 

all our customers and clients know that we care about them and their project. we show this from recommending the best t-shirts and apparel for your exact project, making sure your design is perfect, and delievering awesome shirts at an amazing price!

 
more about us

get in touch

 




direct to garment



 
 



custom shirts for all



 
 



full color printing



 
 

}

fast turn around



 
 



part of graphix gurus



 
 



firefighter owned



 
 
 
 
 




customer showcase

 
 
 












 
 




 



 



 
 
  
  
 
 



no minimum orders you get only the number of shirts that you need! no set up and screen fees. no need to order 12. 
  can you say custom? that is the name of the game with apparel gurus! you're in control and you only get what you want. 
  professional designers if you'd like a pro to design your shirts, just ask! we have designers to bring your ideas to life.
  get at us! call: (616) 613-6910

email: info@apparelgurus.com

talk to you soon!
    
 





facebook


© 2016 apparel gurus - west michigan custom t shirt printing | website by purposed press media - zeeland, mi  

 
 
 













