



  




buy cedar siding, cedar lumber, redwood siding, lumber prices

































skip to main content




 menu
 productspatternsgradesprojectscontact








home
productswood sidingcedar sidingshiplap, channel & dutch lap pricesbevel clapboard cedar siding pricestongue & groove cedar siding priceswavy edge cedar siding pricescedar shinglesredwood sidingredwood siding sap wood pricesredwood siding heart wood priceslog sidingpainted sidingwood panelingpine paneling - smoke collectionknotty pine panelingpainted panelingcedar panelinglumber & deckingcedar lumbercedar deckingredwood lumberdoug fir lumber & trimayc lumber & trimredwood deckinglumber & siding dealspatternsgradesprojectscompanyneed to knowblogcontact 

 menu




home
productswood sidingcedar sidingshiplap, channel & dutch lap pricesbevel clapboard cedar siding pricestongue & groove cedar siding priceswavy edge cedar siding pricescedar shinglesredwood sidingredwood siding sap wood pricesredwood siding heart wood priceslog sidingpainted sidingwood panelingpine paneling - smoke collectionknotty pine panelingpainted panelingcedar panelinglumber & deckingcedar lumbercedar deckingredwood lumberdoug fir lumber & trimayc lumber & trimredwood deckinglumber & siding dealspatternsgradesprojectscompanyneed to knowblogcontact 



buffalo lumber 




the secret to long term success with wood is making the right decisions up front. understanding how today's wood and finish will react to your project priorities is our value to you. 
our productsour customers 






you only get 1 chance to do it right! it costs 10 times as much to fix something that goes wrong as it does to do the job exactly right in the first place.
wood sidingwood paneling 






we specialize in wood 20,000+ consults 2000+ projects and 200+ jobsites visited
view productsview projects 





wood siding
wood paneling
lumber & decking






choosing your wood siding & paneling is the most important decision you make for your home. we have the expertise to help you make the right choice.
about the company




we are open for business!

all buffalo lumber orders are delivered mill direct to your job site. our orders are custom milled and factory finished. all communication is handled personally - by phone and email. 

our normal lead time from order to door is 2 - 8 weeks. 
once your order is placed, we stay in email and phone contact with you throughout the course of your order. your salesman will be available to answer any questions you may have along the way. delays, though unlikely, do happen and you'll be the first to know if that's the case. buffalo lumber takes pride in our products and customer service and we are committed to making sure your wood and experience with buffalo lumber is the best in the industry...from forest to front door.
we will get your order in the queue so it is ready when you are. 


buffalo lumber presents...

exterior wood performance considerations (an aia accredited course)
why present an aia continuing education webinar about exterior wood performance?  because it all starts with the design!
learn more about aia ces live webinar
 







we love talking wood so we're always happy to help. you might save money in the short term but choosing the right wood can save you thousands of $$$ over the years!







cedar lumber
cedar beams & timbers
2x 4x 6x 8x 10x 12x  prices








cedar siding
shiplap, dutch  & channel lap
cedar lap siding prices








cedar siding
bevel clapboard, dolly varden 
bevel cedar prices








cedar siding
tongue & groove patterns
t&g cedar siding prices








painted siding
painted cedar wood siding
primed & painted prices








redwood siding
heart wood & sap wood
redwood siding prices








cedar wavy edge
haida wavy bevel 1x10 & 1x12
cedar wavy edge prices








pine paneling
knotty pine wood paneling
 1x6 & 1x8 finished prices








redwood lumber
redwood beams & timbers
2x 4x 6x 8x 10x 12x prices








painted paneling
painted wood paneling
t&g & shiplap prices










since we've started we have logged over 19,000 hours in consultation with architects, designers, builders and homeowners about custom milled, factory finished wood. find out how we can help you today.








projects
clear all heart redwood siding

about the project home owner: brant called me one day with some questions. he had been given several cedar samples by a local lumber yard and one sample stood out from the rest under stain. no wonder - it was old growth vertical grain ...view project 







projects
clear t&g cedar siding home

about the project craftsman builder: the look - the clear cedar blends together gently - there are no seams. dennis took the natural varying shades of cedar wood into consideration when installing each board to create a flow of hues ...view project 







projects
discount cedar log siding home

about the projecthome owner: brian in missouri was our 1st u-grade cedar log siding customer. our discount log siding is for the rustic customer looking for the cheapest way to cover their home or cabin with cedar log siding and still have something very nice to show for their money and effort. ...view project 






projects
dutch lap cedar siding home

about the projecthome owner: it started out as a horse barn with a 2 bedroom apartment built on the 2nd floor. edwin had been planning to build new when a friend said "you could renovate this barn into something pretty nice if you wanted"...view project 






projects
hewn pine log siding & corners

about the projecthome owners: krystal and chad of upper state new york. one day while driving through their neighborhood they saw one of our customers who had purchased "hewn log siding" which is a textured look designed to look more like real logs. the minute they saw it they knew ...view project 






projects
knotty pine paneling with uv finish

about the projectthe home owner had originally decided to go with sheet rock on the interior but after doing the research online decided on wood paneling. he found us on the internet and began looking through the wood paneling and wood siding products we showcase ...view project 






projects
natural blue stained pine wood paneling

about the projectwhen it was time to select the interior paneling krystal said they wanted something that looked really old and rustic. this is going to be their "forever" home so they wanted to make sure they got what they wanted... view project 






projects
painted t&g wood paneling 

about the projecthomeowner: kelly’s story starts with a movie "something’s gotta give". she loved the layout of the home in that film and had always wanted to build a forever home.view project 






projects
pine log siding ranch house

about the projecthome owner: ed rock is a shrewd businessman and keen negotiator. he knew the value of his dollar and he used it well. he has 7,412 sqft heated + 4592 sqft covered porch = 12,004 sqft under roof. he did the whole building for a total cost of $267,744 ...view project 






projects
redwood bevel siding timberframe

about the projectcraftsman builder: the first thing that struck me about the fanelli house was the wow factor. i had been on several customer tours this trip and had seen some nice houses and good ideas but this was different. set on the water this house has the wow factor in spades ...view project 






projects
redwood lumber beam wrap home

about the projectdesigner melody jackson contacted us to source redwood lumber and soffit for her customer dale torok's frank lloyd wright jr. inspired stunning addition to his home in lexington, kentucky ...view project 








what our customers say




we want to thank you for your great advice on cleaning our seven year old western red cedar siding. although it was a lot of work, the results were worth it! we have had several people ask us if we got new siding!
i started work on sept. 1st 2023 and had to stop on halloween because of the temperature. the front of the house is 64 x 20. i plan to do the back and two sides in the spring.
i followed your recommendations for two applications each of stain solver and oxalic acid before staining. the chemical cleaners removed all the dirt, mold, algae and old stain.
 thanks for your help!tony and linda lauria
tony and linda l. from  (29th january 2024)
cleaning our western red cedar siding




hi sheila,

 there was zero unusable lumber caused by mill waste.
there was zero damage during shipping. 
all pieces were dimensionally perfect.

 your website was explicitly clear on how to install the siding and it went up easily.
 the siding is all on and in the process of being painted.  we will send before and after pictures. 
so here's just a little detail on the project. 
this house was a restoration rather than renovation.  the original portion of the house was built in early 1830's.  it was added on to periodically but at least one addition was completed on thursday june 13, 1907 because during the restoration, we found a board signed by wm sheffield with that date on it. 
we were originally only going to work on the inside of the house and all material removed from walls and ceilings was restored and returned back into the house.  
 
 however, much of the exterior siding was rotten and had to be replaced.  we struggled for a little bit with the decision on whether to use wood or some type of composite material (like hardy board or vinyl) but finally settled on wood as being the most historically accurate.  this decision was made, in part, as a result of the information on your website.  although ,the original material most likely would have been poplar (all other wood in the house, including the original logs from the log cabin, was poplar), when painted you can't tell and the cedar will last longer. 
i cannot stress how helpful the website and everyone at buffalo was.  buffalo lumber is without a doubt, the easiest company to do business with.  there was some fear at making such a significant purchase over the internet on "sight unseen" material but the overall quality of our contact with all personnel and the website made it much easier to just "close our eyes" and jump.  boy are we glad we did.  
this siding is now the crown jewel on what we hope is a historically accurate restoration with a few concessions to modern living. 
cheers,
 bill and donna m.
bill m. from fayetteville, tn (6th may 2020)
1x6 bevel thick rabbeted red cedar mill prime & paintproduct detail : 1x6 bevel thick rabbeted (1 + 1/8 thick, 3/4 overlap) cedar-wrc siding, stk (bl grade equivalent mill select), kd, resawn, rough use (or 4836)
mill pre primed + 1 top coat paint - snowbound sw7004




my name is michael ethridge and i work for phillips partnership pc. we are the shell architect of record for a developer of whole foods market neighborhood shopping centers. our client and the design team wanted the “wood look” in a modern design but was concerned about cost and maintenance issues associated real wood veneer. we were looking at faux wood products, but i wanted to use real wood.
  
it’s difficult to win that argument with a cost-conscious client without expertise so we brought in buffalo lumber to consult. chris and his team walked us through every step of the process, including specifications, detailing, and pricing.
  
by the end of the process our team was ready to do the entire shopping center in real cedar siding rainscreen system.
  
from concept to completion, they were an invaluable resource. they intervened when our site visit reports and punch lists showed improper installation and then used their expertise to get the installer back on track.
  
buffalo lumber has guided us through completion on three shopping centers clad with cedar siding veneer and we are currently working with them on a 4th shopping center.
  
if it had not been for the buffalo lumber team, tech center in newport news virginia, peachtree crossing, and north decatur square shopping centers would not have real cedar siding on them.
michael ethridge, project manager
  
phillips partnership  
  
5901 peachtree dunwoody road, suite a-450, atlanta, ga 30328
michael ethridge from atlanta, ga (3rd april 2020)
commercial shopping center 1x8 shiplap cedar siding + cedar beamsproduct detail : 1x8 ship lap (3/8 lap, 6 3/4 exp) cedar-irc siding, d&btr (bl grade equivalent near clear), kd, stainext, resawn, rough use - shadow gap profile- 3/8 inch gap
1x4 t&g (v2e) cedar-irc siding, d&btr (bl grade equivalent near clear), kd, stainext, resawn, rough use
1x12 board (square edge) cedar-wrc trim, d&btr (bl grade equivalent near clear), kd, stainext, resawn, rough use.
1x10 board (square edge) cedar-irc trim, d&btr (bl grade equivalent near clear), kd, stainext, resawn, rough use.
factory pre-stained timberox semi-transparent oil-based "redwood"









need to know guides





wood lover's university
a comprehensive education for wood lovers of all types homeowners, protect your heart and wallet. architects, desig...







wood siding installation tips
common sense wood siding seasoning, storage and installation tips for do it yourself homeowner and builder it's not rocket science but it has to be done right. our diy...







field or factory?
when does it make sense to factory finish? a factory finish ensures a lasting, higher quality job than ...




signup to our newsletter
don't miss out on expert tips & design inspo!



latest blogs


decking guide | options & tips for decking
10th may 2024


a comparison of cedar varieties for exterior use projects
13th march 2024


4 tips to choosing wood shingles & wood shakes for exterior siding
8th february 2024


hardwood vs softwood | the best choice for exterior siding
18th december 2023


the latest wood siding trends: durability and sustainability
22nd november 2023




we deliver everywhere
national shipping and delivery
we carry products from suppliers located all across the country so each delivery will be calculated based on location of customer, location of product manufacturer and weight of total shipment. see areas we ship to and delivery information.
international shipping and delivery
 buffalo lumber offers full 20 and 40 foot container quotes internationally. europe, asia, africa - anywhere a container will go we can get it there. we can only quote full 20 and 40 foot containers - smaller shipments would be customer arranged. 
approved










 making mistakes - fixing something that goes wrong costs 10 times more than it does to do the job right in the first place. consult with a buffalo lumber milling expert today.
we can help - call buffalo







company

buffalo lumber. mcminnville, tn 37110. 877-960-9663
© copyright 2004-2025 buffalo lumber inc. all rights reserved. view our sitemap.
website by edward robertson



quick links

ayc lumber & trim
cedar lumber
cedar siding
doug fir lumber & trim
patterns
projects
redwood lumber
redwood siding
wood paneling
wood siding



our value statement
buffalo lumber specializes in milled to order pre-finished - primed, painted, or stained - cedar siding, redwood siding and knotty pine paneling shipped direct from the mill located closest to you.
search our website


search





 
   


 


this website uses cookies to ensure that you have the best experience.
accept and continue










 
 



top




