










coyote creek golf club bartonville illinois golf course








































































































































facebooktwitterrssmailcall us at (309) 633-0911 


0shopping carthome
about

rates
indoor golf simulator
calendar
facilities


golf instruction

junior golf program
junior golf clinics


membership
outings
tee times
shop online

online store
my cart
my account


search




menu


menu

 







welcome to coyote creek golf cluba stunning signature course for all player levels
the golf course is closed for the season. thank you all for another great year!
join us for breakfast mon, wed, friday and saturday 8a – 12p!
simulator open tues – saturday 10a – 5p!
breakfast menusimulator reservations

join our birthday club to get a free round of golf for your birthday! 
click to join the birthday club!

a unique illinois golf experience

a stunning 18-hole championship golf course designed by the late bruce borland. 
coyote creek golf club is the premiere course in bartonville, illinois, and one of the best in all of central illinois.  visitors love our club for a wide range of reasons, from the amenities found at our clubhouse to the beauty on our grounds. we also offer comprehensive golf instruction.
our course is challenging, but never so much that it becomes frustrating. this is a great golf facility for rookies and champions alike.
play at coyote creek spans 6,700 yards of picturesque nature with 10 acres of lakes, bent grass fairways and beautiful elevation changes. players at our club will find scenic lakes and creeks, impressive stone bridges and tranquil waterfalls. this is truly a must-play course.
there is a lot to like at coyote creek golf club. don’t forget to stop into the clubhouse and say hello when you visit!

previousnext1234

golf membership

flexible season passes
we offer season passes for those who plan to play frequently.  you are also eligible to obtain a range pass, get a locker in our men’s or ladies’ locker room ($20/ mo.), and play in our club championship, as well as our other tournaments..
become a part of our growing family!

learn more
   

interesting linkshere are some interesting links for you! enjoy your stay :)business hours 
    monday:
    tuesday:
    wednesday:
    thursday:
    friday:
    saturday:
    sunday:
    range closes sundays @ 4:30p
    hours are subject to change without notice


    8a-1p
    10a-6p
    8a-6p
    10a-6p
    8a-6p
    8a-6p
    closed


our location coyote creek golf club
8201 west lancaster road
bartonville, il 61607
tel: (309) 633-0911







copyright  coyote creek golf club     powered by teesnap
facebooktwitterrssmail






scroll to top



 




























































