















welcome | faculty of english














































pause animated content


skip to main content










 






 english faculty library
  

 staff resources
  

 student resources
  










 twitter
  

 facebook
  

 instagram
  

 youtube
  




















          faculty of english
        















search form

search

















home




about us 



news




events




people




recent publications




prizes and studentships




work with us





undergraduate admissions 



about the course




how to apply




what we look for




careers




information & support for applicants




open days




faqs





graduate admissions 



masters programmes




research degrees




admissions process (graduate)




funding & scholarships




faq





research 



research areas




research projects




research centres




innovation




open educational resources




research strategy





welfare and equality 



welfare and harassment




equality and diversity




athena swan





alumni 



spotlight newsletter for alumni




telling our stories better




giving to the english faculty




meet our alumni





contact us



























welcome






















move to slideshow movement controls










professor of poetry lecture with a.e. stallings – 21 feb









professor of poetry lecture with a.e. stallings – 21 feb


professor of poetry lecture with a.e. stallings – 21 feb




don't miss a.e. stallings' next professor of poetry lecture on 21 feb at 5.30pm. she will talk on: 'what these ithakas mean: cavafy, translation, influence, and imitation'





                    find out more
                












state schools' open day – 8 march 2025









state schools' open day – 8 march 2025


state schools' open day – 8 march 2025




join us at our annual online open day for state school pupils for taster lectures, admission info and student q&a session. 





                    register
                












english faculty/owc shakespeare webinar series 









english faculty/owc shakespeare webinar series 


english faculty/owc shakespeare webinar series 




in this free webinar series, shakespeare expert professor emma smith will be discussing a different oxford world's classics shakespeare title each month. 





                    find out more
                



















oxford/42 new writing prize: now open for submissions




are you an aspiring novelist, playwright or screenwriter? we're delighted to announce the launch of a multi-disciplinary storytelling competition in conjunction with the management and production company, 42.





                    find out more
                












'courting india' by nandini das shortlisted for wolfson history prize









'courting india' by nandini das shortlisted for wolfson history prize


'courting india' by nandini das shortlisted for wolfson history prize




congratulations to professor nandini das whose book 'courting india: england, mughal india and the origins of empire' has been shortlisted for the prestigious wolfson history prize 2024. 





                    find out more
                












oxford university ranked first for english in guardian university guide









oxford university ranked first for english in guardian university guide


oxford university ranked first for english in guardian university guide




we’re delighted to see that the university of oxford has taken the top spot for english in the guardian university guide 2025. 





                    find out more
                












meet our students! quickfire questions with our undergrads









meet our students! quickfire questions with our undergrads


meet our students! quickfire questions with our undergrads




we asked our english undergrads some very important quickfire questions, including what their favourite book is, which author they'd like to have dinner with, and their best (and worst!) book to film adaptations. find out how they answered!



















            pause slideshow          

move to slideshow content



















teaching and research 



















events and resources 



















about the faculty 






























news 

















see all news articles















in the press 








browse recent mentions of our faculty members in the press (expert comments, book reviews, interviews, etc.)







browse recent mentions of our faculty members in the press (expert comments, book reviews, interviews, etc.)















 
















recent publications 




























































        information about:      




libraries
undergraduate fees & funding
graduate fees & funding

open days























        information for:      




prospective undergraduates
prospective graduate students
current oxford students
current oxford staff























        quick links      




colleges
contact us
giving to oxford
jobs and vacancies
map
term dates
 

























copyright
picture credits
accessibility statement
privacy statement



















 













© 2018 - faculty of english language & literature, st cross building, manor road, oxford, ox1 3ul
email: english.office@ell.ox.ac.uk or  tel: +44 (0)1865 271055










 
 
















powered by
oxford mosaic








list of site pages


