








bob gasperetti vermont custom furniture maker






































 





skip to content








terms & deliverymy account remember meregistercart 



 



















homeabout bob references & testimonialslinks of interestwhy me?what’s newavailable nowaccessoriesfurniture tablesbedschests and cabinetsseatingmirrorsdesksconstruction detailsterms & deliverycontact directions 


search for:















search for:











 









homeadmin2021-02-24t14:04:46-05:00 
specializing in shaker, arts & crafts and original design furniture
meticulously crafting one of a kind, heirloom quality furniture in my vermont studio for over 40 years.
meet bob




much of my furniture is inspired by shaker, mission, and arts and crafts style as well as modern day masters: sam maloof, george nakashima, and james krenov. i believe in simple, functional furniture meticulously crafted with quality materials. i take great pride in the selection of the wood and the time-consuming task of placement and matching of grain and color. i refer to this as composing the piece.
my furniture is designed and executed using traditional woodworking joinery and tools.
i work in a wide variety of hardwoods from applewood to zebrawood, so long as it is harvested by sustainable methods. cherry, walnut, maple, and birch are the woods i most often use. frequently combining them with figured woods such as birdseye maple, tiger maple, curly maple, curly cherry, and flame birch.
as you move around my site, please keep in mind that i am a custom furniture maker and what you see here are just samples of some of the pieces i have created since 1979. you can order an identical piece, modify a design slightly or substantially, or work with me to come up with a totally new piece. that is the beauty of custom furniture: you get exactly what you want.
i welcome your inquiries.
bob
available now


 




 

maple and cherry live edge pedestal tableside and occasional tables
$2,400.00


 




 

laminated carving boardaccessories
$368.00 – $468.00


 




 

tiger maple shaker inspired side table with drawer & shelfside and occasional tables
$3,250.00
lets talk
all of my custom bedroom, dining room, living room and office furniture is created just for you and made to be treasured for generations.
please call 802-293-5195 or email me to discuss your furniture ideas and needs. together we can create memorable and timeless pieces for your home.
shop now!



 
 





contact 848 south end road
mount tabor, vt 05253
email: bobg@gasperetti.com
phone: (802) 293-5195

 

specials walnut pencil post bed, queen
now 30% off!!
 

 

what’s new coming soon!

 

information coming soon!

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 1979 -  robert w. gasperetti  |  all rights reserved  |  site design & hosted by vtweb 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link





go to top




