


replica guns swords



































search:


advanced search


 

 
	











<--- back to replicagunsswords.com home page















your cart









cart is empty


 


view cart
checkout
wish list
orders history









categories










blank firing guns



blank gun ammunition



replica guns



replica swords, cutlasses, daggers and knives



civil war weapons



old west and western weapons



colonial - revolutionary war weapons



pirate weapons



medieval weapons



world war ii weapons



collectible weapons



insignia, medals and badges



replica cannons



miniature replica weapons



sword letter openers



blank firing cannons









help






contact us
privacy statement
terms & conditions









authentication











secure login 




register 



recover password




if javascript is disabled in your browser click here














home




testimonials






replicagunsswords.com
131 greenbriar dr.
    west monroe la.
    71291
    fax: 318-397-7828   

    toll free phone: 866 809-guns (4867)
8 am to 5 pm central
    monday through friday


email us














we accept:


























replica guns swords


welcome to replica guns swords



replica guns - blank guns - replica swords - replica knives & daggers - civil war weapons - medieval swords - flintlock
muskets & pistols
welcome to replicagunsswords.com, kick back and relax. this is the place for movie and film prop weapons, police and military training weapons,  replica gun collectors, reenactment weapons, replica sword collectors, civil war weapons collectors and enthusiasts. many of our replica guns are blank firing guns including the new front firing blank firing guns that fire fame and smoke from the end of the barrel. we have the new high quality blow model blank guns. we offer an exciting selection of quality replica guns, replica swords, knives and daggers, replica cannons from medieval times, revolutionary war/colonial, civil war, wild west/old west and world war ii. it's much more than our super prices and
great service that keeps our customers coming back. we offer one of best collections of replica weapons that can be found on the internet!

our vast selection of replica weapons include:




* replica guns from the swashbuckling days of pirates with deck clearing blunderbuss rifles to the present day replica automatic assault rifles, we have a huge selection
of replica guns that have been replicated to exact detail. our replica gun collections include pistols, rifles, flintlocks and muskets. we also have
attractive framed wild west replica gun displays.




* replica swords: we
also offer a huge selection of replica swords which include a pirate's boarding cutlass, a large assortment of medieval swords and civil war swords. we even have samurai swords. these museum quality
replica swords are perfect for display, costumes and theatrical purposes.



* other replica weapons:
you are sure to be impressed with our handsome displays of other replica weapons that include knives, daggers, miniature civil war cannons, medieval battle axes, cross bows, letter openers, insignia
medals & pendants and more!

  dedicated to our valued customers and our mission of preserving history. we provide great personal service with people not voice mails. we guarantee 100% customer satisfaction with all of our quality replica weapons.

  we invite you to view our wide assortment of replica weapons by selecting the category of your choice in the link menu to the left.






featured products


there are no available featured products...

 









    accept credit cards













copyright © 2004-2025 replica guns swords



 



