







rick wilson's historical flutes page





rick wilson'shistorical flutes page

 




this web site presents photos of, descriptions of, and information
about historical european and american flutes from the renaissance to
the 20th century.  in addition, we give related historical
material about performance practices and report on the author's
experiences playing these instruments. 
the old flutes have great charm and character.
and they have much to teach us about
the flute music written at the times when they were made.

 except where otherwise noted, all photographs of flutes
are of instruments in the author's
collection.  a number of these flutes are modern copies of
early instruments, but the majority are antique flutes
made between c.1750 and c.1930.  
there are many personal opinions expressed 
in these pages, but they are based, it may be hoped, on knowledge
and experience as well as taste, he said modestly. 
all original photographs and essays are © copyright 2003–2008, 2011, 2018, 2020
by richard m. wilson.  these photos and essays may be copied for personal use,
or use in moderation on web pages, etc., as long as i am clearly acknowledged
as the source.  all but very minimal use of the photos or essays
on the web should be accompanied by a link to these pages.


i am happy to get feedback, comments, and corrections.
i also appreciate notice of links established to
this site, or that excerpts have been posted or used. 
click here to email 
   
 this site is a work in progress. 
here is a record of  updates (to be updated soon) to this page,
where you can see what is new or recent.  click here for some notes
on musical and fingering notation and terminology.





search this site:





historical overviews (european and american flutes)

 some significant dates
 quick comparison of four flute types
 renaissance flutes
 baroque flutes
 classical flutes; the "additional keys"
 19th century simple system flutes, i: the keys
 19th century  simple system  flutes, ii: playing 
     characteristics and performance
 19th century  simple system  flutes, iii: comparison
 of national types

england
france
germany
vienna and italy
america

 the boehm flute in the 19th century
 english modified simple system, "hybrid", and "modern" 
       flutes

the siccama flute
the clinton equisonant flute
"old system" and pratten flutes
the carte 1851 system
the carte 1867 system
the radcliff system flute

 continental elaborate or modified simple system flutes;
              reform flutes

tulou's flûte perfectioneé
pentenrieder and pupeschi system flutes;
                   articulated keys
schwedler flutes
reform flutes


more details on types of flutes, or on specific instruments 


 the "standard" 5, 8, and 11-key flute
 the traditional fife
 english one-key and simple system instruments 
  
monzani's flutes
clinton's "flute for india"
two interesting flutes by wm. card

  german one-key and simple system instruments  
  
w. liebel's flutes
    meyer and "nach meyer" flutes
three c.1900 flutes by the j. h. zimmermann firm

 american one-key and simple system instruments
  
catlin's flutes


 miscellaneous 
    
giorgi flutes


"irish" flutes

additional topics and essays

 fingering charts
 facsimiles of 19c methods, books, and music
includes treastises by monzani (1813), dressler (1828), wlackiers (1829), wetzger (1905), etc.
 old flute catalogs, price lists, and advertisements
 comparisons of two flutes or different fingerings
   
a glass and a wooden flute from c.1835
 nicholson's improved flutes by clementi and t. prowse, jr.

  some issues of performance practice

 
                         the short appoggiatura in the 19th century
 the trill in the 
                      classical period
 remarks on 19th century fingerings
                   and sensitive notes
 slurs
     

sample pages from my facsimile and commentary on lindsay's elements (with ardal powell)
 the dorus g# key

 arguments about and comparisons of the new and the old flute
  
de lorenzo vs. smith (1904)
berlioz on the flute in the orchestra
from my commentary on lindsay's elements



 best modes (keys) for the flute (w. n. james, 1826)
 nicholson's arrangement of roslin castle, 1821
 köhler's endorsement of zimmermann flutes, c.1890
 characteristics of the flute (h. macaulay fitzgibbon, 1914)

 systems in use in germany c. 1905, from paul wetzger's die flöte
 moe (of the three stooges) plays the flute


 miscellaneous old letters, etc.
 






 world flutes; ethnic flutes

 chinese flutes: dizi, xiao
 rim-blown flutes: iranian and turkish neys; the bulgarian kaval







    

personal
click for links to a four page interview
with me about this web site,
that originally appeared in the may 2007 issue of the new york flute 
club newsletter.

 a sample lecture/demonstration program.

click here for an announcement of a lecture/demo 
and recital on historical flutes, jan. 13, 2007, in west los angeles.
click here for sound samples and information about  
ensemble krazykat's konzert
of kuhlau and köhler, presented june 12, 2005 in berkelely, ca, on 
19th century flutes with an 1857 streicher grand piano.  

click here for links to the personal pages of 
kathy and rick (outdated) including some flute-related links and photos.
click here for kathy's music-related jewelry
page (jewelry no longer available).

 click here to email    .

