










handmade custom logo mugs and steins | grey fox pottery












































 













(612) 767-7407 about faqs our blog



0 items
 












coffee mugs
beer steins
military mugs
glaze colors
customer gallery
get pricing
 





select page


  
 



 



 











your brand in their hands
create a memorable experience with custom logo mugs

free quote shop online










custom logo mugs for your business or special event

if you’ve got a business to promote, clients to thank, employees to reward, or a reason to celebrate, our custom logo mugs create a beautiful impression that lasts a lifetime.











learn more about our wholesale coffee mugs.





learn more about custom ceramic beer mugs.









what our customers are saying







"i still get so many compliments from my clients on your mugs."
chris m., primerica









"i still get so many compliments from my clients on your mugs."
chris m., primerica









"as always you guys are awesome. thank you so much."
eric m., beard & brow roasters









"love my mugs! thanks, jack. you guys are the best!"
rick o., o'dell capital management









"i searched far and wide for a company who could achieve precision and detail in a ceramic stamp, in a handmade mug. jack and his team did an incredible job and their customer service is outstanding. we loved these so much we placed a second order!"
alison f., alison fullerton art/us special operations command









"these mugs turned out amazing once again.thank you very much!"
chris s., the brewerie at union station









"they are gorgeous!!! i am floored! i can't imagine these won't fly off the shelves!! thanks so much for a wonderful transaction! "
danielle, dorset bakery









"we loved the mugs! they are absolutely beautiful and our guests have been loving them."
jenna f., the white birch inn









"i have been receiving emails from our employees saying how much they love the mug your team made!!
i love mine and it is what was pictured on the site – thank you!  appreciate the level of service received from my initial inquiry."
carrie m., avant









"the steins arrived today, and they are perfect! thank you for bringing my vision to life. i can't wait to give these away as gifts at our convention."
jamie y., washington state association of the ua









"just wanted to let you know that the steins look absolutely fabulous, and are being incredibly well received by our club members. thank you again to you and your team for all your hard work and help in this process, i'll happily recommend you folks to anyone i encounter seeking quality ceramics work."
khiara f., burning brothers brewery













check out our glaze colors
over 100 colors and color combos to compliment your brand. all of our glazes are formulated in house, are leadless and are food and microwave safe.

shop by glaze color














customer gallery
we’ve partnered with businesses and people throughout the u.s. to create quality, one-of-a-kind, custom logo mugs. check out our customer gallery to see our mugs in action!

view the gallery







ready to place your order?
or maybe you need more info first. 
either way, give us a call at (612)767-7407 or contact us online!





contact us





get more info











 








home
mug styles

coffee mugs
beer steins



customer gallery
glaze colors
blog
faq
contact


all mugs handmade in the usa

copyright © 2025



(612) 767-7407
 grey fox pottery
215 6th st se
minneapolis, mn 55414 


























