




























































    bath house spa services | lake steam baths
  
















               


 3540 w colfax ave, denver, co 80204one of the secrets to a healthy life is detoxing your bodyfrom a toxic world. we are your facility.﻿a nude russian sauna since 1927

 
  

call us now (303) 825-2995




       home



  spa facility services


   steam baths and sauna



  hydrotherapy



  exfoliating scrubs



  reflexology





  massage therapy



  faqs



  our team



  waiver



  contact us












    
 





       relax. unwind. feel welcomed.
learn more about our spa facility services
  

click here!





    treat yourself to a spa day for some well-deserved

﻿self care


enhance your mind, body, and spirit at lake steam baths, your source for total relaxation. much more than a simple health spa, lake steam in denver, colorado, soothes the soul through exclusive steam baths, massage therapy, exfoliating scrubs and more. we have built a renowned 97 year reputation for exceptional spa services in a well-maintained, clean facility. our staff is dedicated to creating a safe, relaxing space for every visitor at our spa.
give us a call today for more information or stop by!
﻿we look forward to seeing you. 



   * we will be 
closed, tuesday, march 4th for hot tub repair and maintenance! *men and ladies may now book massage & skin care services any day of the week. if you are coming on an opposite bath day, you will not have access to the bath area.
lake steam is a traditional
 
nude russian sauna. you may wear a complete swimsuit (top/bottom or one piece for ladies & trunks or speedos for men) or you can rent a large "comfort towel" for $3 to wrap up in.
ladies' days: monday 8:30 am - 10 pm, tuesday 3 pm - 9 pm,  and
thursday 8:30 am - 10 pmmen's days: wednesday, friday, and saturday 8:30 am - 10 pm
and sunday 6 am - 9 pm 
  if you're having trouble booking online, 
please contact our front desk at 303-825-2995 where we are happy to book your appointment! please first create an online profile and place a valid credit card on file if you wish to book spa treatments.we rent locker locks for $3.00 or bring your own and save the $3 rental fee. we charge small fees for extra linens and do not allow outside linens in our facility. you may bring a robe to wear outside of the bath area. please deposit used linens in the linen chute located next to the bath area glass door. we keep a tidy facility and frequently pick up unattended linens. if this happens, you will need to pay the small fee for additional towels or sheets. please scan the qr code on this page for prudent aesthetics, our in house skincare professional. you can schedule an appointment directly through her booking system or by calling us.
important information:***body scrubs require payment of spa entry fee as this service takes place in the bath area and you have access to the heated facilities.
 
(we recommend using provided lotion before leaving as colorado is a very dry climate and some people may experience skin irritation from exfoliating gloves.) ******entry fee is not included in the price of any spa treatment, however, if you are coming in only for a massage or reflexology and not using the bath area, you will not be charged an entry fee. no refunds. please request a facility tour before you pay the entry fee.
we do not offer discount rates for  entering late in the evening or before we close the business day. any and all pricing for entry fee, linen rentals or spa treatments are subject to change. we do not accept 3rd party gift certificates (giftly, swipe it, etc.) and they must be purchased directly from us. gift cards expire one (1) year from date of purchase and 8 pass punchcards expire six (6) months from date of purchase. ******lake steam is not responsible for lost or left behind items or belongings that are stored in our lockers, or left unattended at our facility. we suggest bringing your own lock as we purchase ours in bulk and some keys may open other locks in our batches.******our water is hot. please test shower temperature before entering the showers. because our sauna is hotter than most, you may opt to wear shower shoes or simply throw a provided bucket of ice cold faucet water on the floor.******each shower stall has all in one body & hair shampoo but you are welcome to bring your own hair and skincare products. no oils or epsom salts containing oils or  body lotions allowed in bath area. plain epsom salts are allowed in the sauna only. no glass allowed in bath area or locker room.*****cell phones may only be used in the tv/vending machine area. no exceptions.******all booked services require at least a four (4) hour cancellation notice by phone as we do not accept cancellations via email. before calling to schedule, please create an online profile by clicking a “book now” button located anywhere on our website and place a valid credit card on file. this holds your appointment slot and is not used for payment as you will pay your provider directly. if you miss your appointment or cancel with less than four (4) hours notice, you will be charged the full price of the service as our providers are subcontractors and lake steam does not pay them an hourly wage or salary. in turn, they will be paid the full amount for missed or late cancelled appointments. if you are running late for your service, you will be responsible to pay for the entire time booked.******by paying the entry fee, you acknowledge and understand that lake steam is an “enter at your own risk” facility and is not liable for and assumes no responsibility for slip and fall accidents. please use careful and cautious navigation when in the wet bath area.******lake steam is a family spa and we have a
zero tolerance policy for misconduct or abusive behavior. by paying the entry fee, using a punch card or redeeming a gift certificate for entrance, you acknowledge and accept that it is your responsibility to report any  misconduct or abusive behavior to the front desk and we will discreetly handle the situation without your further involvement.***﻿

 



    
      




    




    




    




    










    our exceptional spa services include:


    steam baths & sauna icon
 















 steam baths & sauna


    hydrotherapy icon
 







 hydrotherapy




      exfoliating scrubs icon




 exfoliating scrubs


    towel icon




 reflexology


    massage therapy icon




 massage therapy




    
      








  because your opinion matters


listening to our clients has proved to be the best way to learn what services to offer and how to provide them. our clients have helped us create a more dynamic offering of services than any other spa in the area. with over 300 5-star reviews on google, we have proven that we truly care about our visitors, their experience, and our facility. so, what are you waiting for? visit lake steam today to take full advantage of our steam baths, sauna rooms, and other superior spa services.



   need more information? call us on (303) 825-2995  to speak with one of our staff members.







       

    home



  spa facility services



  massage therapy



  faqs



  our team



  contact us






  contact information

phone: (303) 825-2995email: colorbrown3@gmail.comlocation: 3540 w colfax ave, denver, co 80204
 


  business hours﻿

men days:wed, fri, sat: 8:30 am-10:00 pm sun: 6:00 am - 9:00 pm  
ladies days:mon: 8:30 am -10:00 pm tues: 2:30 pm - 9 pmthurs: 8:30 am - 10:00 pm 
  

click here for holiday hours




     © 2025 
lake steam baths



























































































  
  share by:








