




















hutch chamber home






 











facebooktwitterinstagram










visit hutch greater hutch contact downtown hutch






toggle navigation






your chamberhistory of the chamberboard of directorsstaffeconomic developmenttourismmembershipbenefits and valueeducationmarketingnetworkingjoinget involvedsponsorship and marketingshoplocaleventschamber event calendarevent flash pass2025 awards nightsmall business awardmember directorycouponsh-bucksmember loginadvocacypublic policy agendareno county delegation2025 legislative forumsnational civics beewelcome to hutchlive in hutch and reno countyhousingeducationhealthcareattractionshelpful contact informationleadership reno countyabout the programyouth leadershipalumninews and mediarecent newschamber connectdowntownwindow decorating contesteventsfaces of downtown hutchshoppingdine & drinknews and mediathings to see & doservicesthird thursdaycurrent downtown promotionslight up hutch2023/2024 annual report







previous



next






calendar of eventsjoin usmember directorylive in hutchinson








                        your chamber
                    




the hutchinson/reno county chamber of commerce welcomes you to hutchinson. the chamber is home to a growing and thriving community of business owners, stakeholders, leaders, entrepreneurs, and innovators who love this community.hutchinson and reno county is an incredible place to own and grow a business. as a destination-city in kansas, we are home to world-class entertainment options, including sports arenas and museums. tourists come to hutchinson from throughout the region, creating unique opportunities for businesses looking to serve the local population and beyond. if you want to be part of our growing community - join us. working with members and stakeholders, the chamber is making hutchinson and reno county an even better place to connect, grow, and play.    







share us















ovation members















































































featured jobs












featured events










                    featured events
                

view all















legislative forum


february 15  •  9:00 am  - 10:30 am



                                    stringer fine arts center
                                


                                                            the first legislative forum for the 2025 legislative session is scheduled for saturday, february 15th from 9-10:30am at hcc stringer fine arts center, 600 e. 11th ave.the reno county legislators invited to participate are senator michael murphy, representative joe seiwert, representative paul waggoner, representative kyler...
                                                    


                                read more
                            










membership breakfast


february 19  •  7:45 am  - 9:00 am



                                    1861 club
                                


                                                            register here
                                                    


                                read more
                            










business after hours


february 27  •  5:30 pm  - 7:00 pm



                                    richardson brothers construction
                                


                                                            business after hoursjoin us for business after hours sponsored by selwyn investments &  richardson bros construction!on thursday, february 27th, 2025 from 5:30 - 7:00 p.m.1402 faubion st.no reservations needed and no cost to attend!
                                                    


                                read more
                            












news












                        view all














                                                                                mitch rice receives small business award
                                    


                                    january 15, 2025                                

the hutchinson/reno county chamber of commerce is pleased to present the january small business of the month award to mitch rice injury law. mitch rice...                                    
read more


 







                                                                                kauffman seeds receives small business award
                                    


                                    december 19, 2024                                

the hutchinson/reno county chamber of commerce is pleased to present the december small business of the month award to kauffman seeds. for over five decades, kauffman...                                    
read more


 







                                                                                chaffin electric receives small business award
                                    


                                    november 7, 2024                                

the hutchinson/reno county chamber of commerce is pleased to present the november small business of the month award to chaffin electric. roger chaffin’s path to entrepreneurship...                                    
read more


 







                                                                                2024 agri-business of the year
                                    


                                    november 7, 2024                                

the agri-business of the year award is intended to honor the agri-businesses in reno county and thank them for the important role they play in...                                    
read more




















































































































 shop localwhen you shop local, you do far more than get the items that you want quickly and conveniently. buying local actually stimulates the local economy and helps benefit local schools and nonprofits.  support the businesses in the community where you live by shopping local!search our membership directory for your new favorite business.






social mediahutchchamber  tweets by hutchchamber


 









                                © 2025 hutchinson/reno county chamber of commerce.
                            


                                    websites by
                                    
                                        golden shovel agency.
                                





homesite mapcontact











hutchinson/reno county chamber of commerce | 

117 n. walnut p.o. box 519hutchinson, ks  67504p:  (620) 662-3391f:  (620) 662-2168
e: 
                            debrat@hutchchamber.com



















