

amp, alternate music press, the multimedia journal of new music











celebrating 27 years online in 2024. even though this site hasn't been updated in some time, it remains online as a resource archive and database. thank you for visiting. 



 







our staff:

editor: 
        ben kettlewell

        deputy editor:
mairéid sullivan 

gurrumul and the sydney symphony orchestra 
‘his life and music’

“australia’s most important voice” – rolling stone magazine
gurrumul and the sydney symphony orchestra are thrilled to announce the release of ‘his life and music’. recorded live at the sydney opera house in may 2013 as part of the vivid festival.

  ‘his life and music’ captures the artistic spirit of one of the nation’s most extraordinary artists, and will be released physically and digitally on december 6.
the live recording features gurrumul as you have never heard him before, in a world-first collaboration with the sydney symphony orchestra, performing a collection of songs from his award winning albums. 
 read the entire press release  here.


mercan dede says he’s like a vagabond reed flute
(photo: sunday’s zaman, isa sisek)

      interview with ali petkas, istanbul 
turkish dj and reed flute player mercan dede released “dünya,” his first studio album in six years, this month. 
dj arkin allen, aka mercan dede, is back in the limelight with a new album following a six-year break since his last studio release.

        released this month via onearth records, “dünya” (earth) is the newest offering from the 47-year-old musician, born arkin allen in 1966 in bursa, and known in turkey and around the world for his signature blend of sufi music traditions with contemporary electronic tunes. in a recent interview in istanbul, mercan dede speaks to sunday’s zaman about how he came up with “dünya” and what he did during the six years in between.
 full interview here.




a tribute to the music of gráinne yeats by mairéid sullivan

legendary irish harper, singer and historian gráinne yeats passed away on april 18, 2013. the irish times  published her death notice here: https://notices.irishtimes.com/26035391 gráinne yeats was the first professional musician to revive and record the ancient irish wire-strung harp. 

her beloved husband michael yeats (son of w.b. yeats) died in january 2007. their daughter síle (journalist and producer at rté) died in september 2007.  she is survived by 2 daughters, catriona and siobhán, her son pádriag, and grandchildren. 

i had the great honour of conducting extended interviews with gráinne on two occasions. first in march 1999, for my book celtic women in music (1999). gráinne was in her mid 70s when i interviewed her again at her home, in dundalk, ireland, in october 2000. this youtube video is a short (1:22) excerpt from the october 2000 interview.

full feature here.





contributing 
                    writers:
            paul adams
            toby baker
            matt borghi 
            rafo dorado
            kevin s. eden
            alice fenton
            larry hambrecht
don heckman
            dave hoffman
            sheri hoffman
            dan liss
            
            tal pinchevsky
            elizabeth raggi 
            morgan peggy randall
            chad simon
            peter spellman
            kai warner
            
            don zulaica           







click on this image
for the arts action network






        the lyrebird channel on youtube


















gurrumul and the sydney symphony orchestra ‘his life and music’

          japan on my mind - an interview with anne norman
by mairéid sullivan

            a tribute to gráinne yeats
              by mairéid sullivan 

              harry manx on tour in australia - interview by  interview by bill quinn

            ry cooder - pull up some dust and sit down

chieftains and san patricios
by mairéid sullivan 

                  the orchestrion project 
            by pat metheny

an interview with 
              henryk gorecki
            by norman lebrecht





bill frisell ~ big sur

carl cleves - the house is empty

robert rich – medicine box

            saito koji - luck

            dave preston - soundtrack for motion

ancient traditions, future possibilities: rhythmic training through the traditions of africa, bali, & india by matthew montfort

            mollie o’brien and rich moore - saints and sinners

            kim richey ~ chinese boxes

larry sparks ~ 
the last suit you wear

            king wilkie ~ 
low country suite

            t-bone burnett ~ the true false identity








green day frontman billie joe armstrong and jazz-pop siren norah jones aren’t the most logical collaborators on paper, but they’ve found a common ground in their mutual love for the everly brothers. 

          with their collaborative country-folk lp, foreverly,  armstrong and jones have crafted an album-length tribute to the brothers’ 1958 album, songs our daddy taught us.more info here.





international standard serial number (issn)
              alternate music press ®™ is a registered publication.
              our issn number is issn 1524-6272
              we welcome your comments, suggestions, requests and contributions. 
              the opinions expressed on this site are 100% our own.
we have no sponsors or advertisers to influence any of the content on this site, 
                and we are very proud of that independence.
                all content copyright ©1997-2024 except where noted . all rights reserved. 
                unauthorized duplication and distribution of copyrighted material violates federal law
                  . legal disclaimer





 


  




 this site is copyrighted ®© amp/alternate music press, 1997-2024.  all rights reserved. 






 







