





we are gradually closing down sealandmaersk.com






































            share
        
 


                    linkedin
                

                    facebook
                

                    x
                

                    wechat
                

                    email
                

                    copy link
                








                                    we are gradually closing down sealandmaersk.com
                                    


























                            new to maersk.com?
                        


                        sign up to learn more about maersk’s services, get rates, and book online. our suite of transport and logistics products is designed to simplify your supply chain. 
                    



register now 



 











                what is happening?
                


as part of unifying  our sealand brand with maersk, we are migrating sealandmaersk.com to maersk.com.
you can now book, track, and manage all your future shipments through maersk.com. login using your sealand username and password. for more information, you can consult our website guide.













                what are you looking for?
                
















                            domestic bookings with sealand
                        


                        find your domestic booking needs for the philippines here.
                    



about domestic bookings 














                            manage existing sealand bookings
                        


                        all ongoing bookings with sealand can be found here, alongside myfinance and mycustoms.
                    



manage sealand bookings 



 










                manage maersk bookings
                
















                            new bookings in maersk.com
                        


                        all intra-regional and deep sea bookings can be placed here.
                    



new booking in maersk.com 














                            tracking maersk bookings
                        


                        all shipments made in maersk.com can be tracked and managed here.
                    



maersk.com hub 



 










                where can i find prices and schedules?
                
















                            products and prices
                        


                        find information on all maersk products and prices, including former sealand routes.
                    



products and prices 














                            schedules
                        


                        search maersk ocean schedules for all international and domestic routes.
                    



schedules 



 











                serving you as maersk
                


the decision to unify with maersk was made with our customers at its centre. find out how we can better serve our customers as a united maersk. members of our global sales teams share their perspective.  










                1:41
            


 










how will these changes impact me?



booking            


as of 01 october 2023, you should be booking with maersk.com. you can utilise your sealand username and password when signing in. for steps to do this, see above.
 

intra-regional spot            


as of 01 october 2023, you can utilise the maersk spot portal for all your spot booking needs.
 

payer standing instructions            


all your current payer standing instructions are being copied over from sealandmaersk.com to maersk.com. we will update this page once the process has been completed. 
 

web and print agreements            


our customer service partners and sales representatives are communicating with you directly with regards to signing new maersk web/print agreements and issuing maersk bill paper. if you have questions about this, kindly reach out to your local customer service representative.
 

notifications            


all your current notifications are being copied over from sealand.com to maersk.com. we will update this page once the process has been completed. you can use your sealand login details to access maersk.com portal. once you have registered and gained access to maersk.com, you can setup new notifications. click here for a guide on how to setup notifications.
 

favourite addresses            


unfortunately, we are unable to move your favourite addresses preferences on the sealand portal to the maersk.com portal. once you have registered and gained access to maersk.com, you will need to set your favourite addresses up again.
 

sealand mobile app            


as of 15 october, the sealand mobile app will close and you will no longer be able to use it to make and manage your bookings with us. we invite you to download and use the maersk app. click here to download the maersk app for ios and android. we are here to ensure this transition is smooth for you and your business.
if you have any questions or concerns, please don’t hesitate to reach out to our customer service team.
 






                customer faq – unifying sealand with maersk
                





what is changing?            


sealand has unified with maersk.
by unifying with maersk, we can offer you extended regional expertise and connectivity, whilst accessing an unmatched global network of controlled assets. we remain regionally close to you, offering you global reach and scope with a wider range of solutions, globally and locally.
this allows you to create a supply chain that works for you, your way for your business. our unmatched combination of our network of controlled assets, new digital platforms, and strong competencies support your needs, however and whenever they occur.
 

how do i book now?            


we now service you using the maersk name and you can book through maersk.  
if you need support booking through maersk.com, we have an easy to follow step-by-step guide. you can find further information on how to book, change, or follow your shipment here in the support section of maersk.com. if you don’t have a maersk account number yet, you can register on maersk.com.
please do not hesitate to reach out to our local teams if you have any questions.
 

intra-regional spot offering            


as of 01 october 2023, you should book all your spot needs with maersk.  
as a simple and seamless way to transport your goods on land and ocean, maersk spot gives guaranteed loading, fixed prices at booking, instant confirmation, and cross-device availability.  
even better, you can book your ocean and inland booking needs all in one go, without having to leave the platform. you can modify your bookings instantly and if you need to add some value-added services, there are more than a few available, including weighing services and value protect, giving you access to a simple way to protect your cargo from many logistics-related risks. 
with maersk spot you get extendable freetime options, as well as many other great reasons to utilise maersk spot. should you want to take a deeper dive into what maersk spot can offer you, please click here. 
 
 

what will happen to the settlement of existing invoices with sealand accounts?            


existing invoices accrued before your account is transferred to maersk should be paid as specified on those invoices.
 

where can i find information on past or active sealand bookings?            


for the time being, all information on your past or active sealand bookings is still available when you log in to your sealand account on www.sealandmaersk.com. 
you can also find the link to login to www.sealandmaersk.com in the ‘what are you looking for?’ section of maersk.com/sealand where it says ‘manage sealand bookings’. 
all new bookings going forward should be made and managed via maersk.com. please note that only information on maersk bookings will be visible in your maersk account. 
we will give you as much notice as possible when the time comes to take down the sealand website. in the meantime, we encourage you to begin downloading and saving any information you need longer term.
 

where can i find myfinance and mycustoms for sealand bookings?            


myfinance and mycustoms information for sealand bookings can be accessed via your sealand account on www.sealandmaersk.com. 
you will typically land on maersk.com/sealand. here you can log in to your sealand account by going to  ‘manage sealand bookings’ in the ‘what are you looking for?’ section at the top of this page. this will show all ongoing and past bookings with sealand, along with myfinance and mycustoms. 
we will give you as much notice as possible when the time comes to take down the sealand website. in the meantime, we encourage you to begin downloading and saving any information you need longer term.
the myfinance and mycustoms services will continue to be available to you for maersk bookings via maersk.com. however, please note that only information on maersk bookings will be visible in your maersk account.
 






                products and services
                





where can i find more information on maersk’s products and services?            


information on all our products and services is available on maersk.com.
 

will contact details and email addresses change?            


sealand contact details, including email addresses, will remain active for a period after the transition. however, staff may start to respond to you from their maersk addresses.
if you are emailing group emails after the address has changed, your email will be forwarded to the correct inbox, and you will get an autoreply with the new contact details. until then, you can use the same sealand contact information as before.
 












                you may also be interested in
                


reach your full potential by letting us simplify and connect your supply chain from end to end.













products and prices

                    learn about maersk's transport and logistics services with regional and global coverage
                










shipping schedules

                    search for shipping routes and their schedules to plan your transport
                










local offices and information

                    our local offices and information are here to support your import and export needs.
                











