






ken-tool – wherever tires are changed















































































(330) 535-7177   |   sales@www.kentool.com 

home
about us

ken-tool history
core values
mission / vision statements
100 year anniversary
careers


media center

press releases
images
logos
in the news


contact us
 





 skip to navigation
skip to content

 


search for:

search


 
menumenuwhere to buyfeatured productsproducts

full product catalogview our full catalog online or download a pdf.air service toolsaligning & pry barsforged, alloy steel, heat-treated bars with a black oxide finish.bead productsbalancing beads, bead breakers, bead holders, bead seaters, bead expandersbendix® adb22x™air disc brake tool kitsfront end service toolsseparator tools, wedges, coil spring compressor setshammers & wedgesassortment of hammers, wedges, replacement handleslubricants & leak locatorlubricants, leak locator, lube applicatorsmiscellaneoustire merchandisers, osha tire chartssealantssockets & socket setsflip, twist, & heavy-duty sockets, socket sets, wheel stud removers, rim guard, hub cleaning tooltire inflation cageseach ken-tool cage is made in the u.s.a. by a 3g american welding society certified and tested welder.tire irons (mount/demount)everything you need to change tires easily and effortlessly.torquenorbar, torque sticks, rust hog, torque wrenches, rust rhinotpms & valve productsrecore, valve repair, valve breaker, tpms sensor hardware service kitvises & clampsdesigned for strength, toughness, and extra durability.wheel productswheel separators, wheel balancers, wheel lock removers, cover puller/replacers, wheel weight toolswrench productswrenches, lug removers, leverage bars, torque sticks, handles, wrench support standwhy choose ken-tool tire inflation cages?
resource library

manuals & parts listmsds sheetstpms sensor hardware kit vehicle applicationsosha tire chartsvideo demostire merchandisersproduct flyerscredit applicationcooperative advertising allowance request formwhere-to-buy opt-inair tool warranty repair formair tool registration
map policyken-tool catalog 


$0.00 0 items



 







  play video
learn more
learn more
learn more
handheld automatic tire inflatorpremium digital tire inflators 
2 pc torque wrench kit 3/4” drive2 pc torque wrench kit 1” driveindustrial torque wrench


–––––––– hexchex - multi-size loose wheel nut indicator ––––––––4 skus work for 31 different nut sizes! easier to store on the shelves and to find the correct part for the customer!learn more
–––––––– pilot sleeve™ polyamide wheel centering sleeves ––––––––pilot sleeves take up the gap between the 22mm stud and the 26mm wheel opening, realigning the wheel to the true center of the hub bearing.learn more
–––––––– professional vises ––––––––designed for strength, toughness, and extra durability.learn more













ken-tool is the leading manufacturer of tire service tools in the world.
headquartered in akron, ohio, ken-tool has been providing the tire industry and automotive aftermarket with quality products for 100 years.




			
			learn more		


upcoming events





														2025 schedule													


 

 





coming soon







inventors wanted
if you have an idea that ken-tool could use, please let us know!




			
			learn more		




i wish i had a tool for that!

ever thought of a perfect tool for that difficult job and wished someone would make it?
ken-tool is giving you a chance to have your tool idea made!




			
			learn more		




ken-tool history
a lot of change has occurred within ken-tool over the years, from its beginning with the innovative pacific rim tool, through a variety of other product lines, affiliations, and ownerships. but throughout that period, its long-time slogan, "wherever tires are changed", has held true. ken-tool's brand name and reputation remain the best in the tire-service industry, and it is the passion of the company's leaders to make sure that continues to be true in the years ahead.




			
			learn more		


product categories



 
			air service tools (6) 


 
			aligning & pry bars (3) 


 
			bead products (20) 


 
			bendix® adb22x™ air disc brake tool kits (2) 


 
			front end service tools (8) 


 
			hammers & wedges (21) 


 
			miscellaneous (10) 


 
			sealants (1) 


 
			sockets & socket sets (32) 


 
			tire inflation cages (12) 


 
			tire irons (mount/demount) (45) 


 
			torque (20) 


 
			tpms & valve products (8) 


 
			vises & clamps (5) 


 
			wheel products (16) 


 
			wrench products (22) 




 













 

ken-tool

wherever tires are changed
768 e. north st.
akron, oh 44305
united states
phone: (330) 535-7177
fax: (330) 535-1345
fax: 1-800-872-4929




			
			contact us		


 


follow us:



 



 



 



 



 


featureshome
legal
privacy policy
summit tool &  forging
 

associations















 


        ©2025 | ken-tool® wherever tires are changed™




 









































