





backgroundsusa - home




















					 
				



							"knowledge is power."
						
							             
							


							francis bacon
						
							               
						







      







home






about us






services






terms







contact us


















































who are we? - backgroundsusa™
															is a full-service professional employment screening company
															based in denver, colorado. we provide a modern online management
															system for the fastest  and most efficient service. we also
															accept phone and fax orders. see below for a complete list of the screening services we provide.
															call us
															with your special needs and let us configure a custom screening package
															that is exclusively developed to meet your
															needs.

															       
															

please note:
															due to recent changes made by the major credit bureaus we may have to perform a site inspection on
															your premises. this is only required if we are providing personal
															credit information on a prospective employee. this is not required
															for record searches for criminal, civil, bankruptcy etc. click
															here for more information.
														



















						it's time!
					


						things may look a bit different now, but there's a lot of activity happening behind the scenes here at backgroundsusa™. we've begun a complete site upgrade, so don't be surprised to see something entirely new next time you visit!









 backgroundsusa


												   1760 n gaylord st
												   denver, co 80206
											










303-455-8855






303-455-4771






























 




														       
													

														backgroundsusa
													

													offers all the background screening services that are listed below. whether your employment screening requirements are complex or
													straightforward, give us a call at 1.303.455.8855, and let us help you design a screening package that is customized to your requirements.
        

 






												        
											





 




														backgroundsusa™
													

													was awarded its gs schedule in 2010, and received its first gsa contract in the same year! we are a registered and certified dbe
													(disadvantaged business enterprise), and are currently applying for our 8a and hud status through the city and county of denver.
													through our schedule we offer a full range of background screening services, as well as access to all public (criminal,
													dmv, civil) and vital records (birth, marriage, death and divorce), as shown in the section below. if you are interested
													in partnering with us, or contacting us for more information on our gsa schedule and service, then please call our gsa
													representative, ann hicks at 303-398-3222.
												




















employment




criminal




credit




other links








employment verification






instant criminal records






personal credit report







forms









education verification







criminal records-state







bankruptcy (civil record)




								 
							






certification verification







criminal records-federal





									 
							

								 
							






personal reference







criminal records-county




 
							

								 
							






driving record







civil records-state




 
							

								 
							






social security verification







civil records-federal




 
							

								 
							






worker's comp. record







civil records-county




 
							

								 
							






drug screening







corrections-state




 
							






 
							




corrections-federal




 
							






 
							




corrections-county




 
							

















											                
										






												contents of this site are
											


copyright

 ©

													backgroundsusa™, inc.
												, all rights reserved. 
												use of this website constitutes acceptance of our
											



														user agreement
													


and 



														privacy policies
													

.  



														site map
													







						              
					































