






welcome to trainriders/northeast



























trainridersne
















homewelcomehost programnewslettersroute maprail linkselected officialsvermont - dcmaine augusta & dcnh - concord & dcmassachusetts - dcjoin/donateresourcesdowneaster - official siteamtrak - official sitetrainriders/ne press roomcontact


















			maine dot selects railroad to operate the rockland branch without downeaster participation		


		details		

 created: 14 january 2025 14 january 2025 

the maine department of transportation has selected maine switching services (mss) of unity, me, to take over operations and maintenance of the rockland branch railroad.(maine dot press release)
it goes on to say, "mss intends to resume freight service to existing rail customers on the rockland branch this spring and offer scenic train rides and rail excursions by this fall. this will preserve active rail service while mainedot continues to evaluate significant bridge infrastructure needs on the line. mss's proposal does not involve providing host railroad services for an amtrak downeaster extension on the rockland branch railroad.
a death knell to nnepra's years-long plans to expand amtrak rail service beyond brunswick to rockland? here's trainrider's president f. bruce sleeper"s analysis:
"trainriders is pleased that mdot has chosen maine switching services as the new operator of the rockland branch.  although maine switching’s proposal did not include hosting amtrak services on the line, it is our understanding and strong hope that this is because maine switching wants to proceed incrementally, first starting with freight service, then progressing to excursion trips, and, finally, introducing regularly scheduled passenger service to the line.  this will allow maine switching and mdot to determine what will be necessary for amtrak or another operator to provide that last service and make whatever improvements might be necessary to ensure its success.  thus, we look upon the current award as the first step in the return of regularly scheduled service on the line.  although this will result in what seems to be a never-ending delay in the initiation of that service, it should lead to better service from day one of its return.  we look forward to that day occurring in 2026."
mdot went on to say that four other railroads had applied to manage the 56-mile-long rockland branch.






			the downeaster celebrates its 10 millionth passenger!		


		details		

 created: 19 december 2024 19 december 2024 

we've been waiting, waiting, waiting... and now it's official: the amtrak downeaster has carried 10 million passengers since 2001!
we interviewed nnepra executive director patricia quinn just before christmas, asking about this milestone, the special projects currently underway, and what she sees beyond the immediate horizon.
 
here's the 10 million riders press release from nnepra.
amtrak downeaster celebrates 10 million riders
portland, maine – the northern new england passenger rail authority (nnepra) announced that the amtrak downeaster celebrated a historic milestone—reaching 10 million riders since its inaugural trip in 2001, a result of a citizens initiative started by trainriders northeast.
a special celebration took place on board downeaster train 686 southbound out of brunswick, me on wednesday, december 18, 2024.  everyone who rode that train between brunswick and wells became the 10 millionth passenger! nnepra staff handed out cookies and golden tickets (valid for a free round-trip on the downeaster) to passengers to commemorate their part in this historic trip. the on-board celebration combined with special community partnerships, and an online giveaway have helped make the 10-millionth rider milestone truly memorable for all involved.
 

	read more: the downeaster celebrates its 10 millionth passenger!
	





			proposal to tear up unused rail between auburn and portland raises objections		


		details		

 created: 12 december 2024 12 december 2024 

this is an all too familiar scenario as trail advocates push auburn town management to support tearing up unused rail lines for trails. 
the reasonable alternative is to run the trails alongside the existing rails, thus preserving a valuable asset for future train development.
trainriders president f. bruce sleeper, along with other rail advocates, made the case for dual use of existing railroad right-of-ways.
the full story can be read in the sun journal.




more articles ... 


			oops! newspaper article ignores trainriders/ne's pivotal role in the creation of the downeaster. our president was quick to educate the writer



			trainriders/ne endorses nnepra's proposed portland station move to the mainline, but with important concerns



			nnepra settles on site for new portland station



			amtrak downeaster sets all-time ridership record!!!





				page 1 of 6			

start
prev
1 2 3 4 5 6 next
end




 
b&m history










resources

facebook site! latest newsletterdowneaster locatorcall amtrak's 'julie'email the webmasterdowneaster videostrainriders video


login form







username











password							







log in 

 

					forgot your username?



					forgot your password?





 

if you'd like to join, please send an email to: wlord123@gmail.com













 

all rights reserved - trainriders/northeast - po box 4869 - portland, maine 04112 - 207 879-7245 (try-rail)



privacy policy











