











sdsu extension | sdsu extension











      skip to main content
    



















menu





close







      agriculture
  




      livestock
  



      beef
  



      dairy
  



      swine
  



      sheep & goats
  



      other animals
  



      animal health & care
  



      pasture
  



      facilities
  






      crops
  



      corn
  



      soybean
  



      wheat
  



      sunflower & oilseeds
  



      forage
  



      cover crops
  



      other crops
  





      ag business
  



      safety & training
  



      natural resources & conservation
  



      climate and weather
  



      every acre counts
  






      4-h
  



      4h event deadlines
  




      events & opportunities
  



      camps & outdoor education
  



      competitions
  



      conferences and teens
  



      civic education
  





      about 4-h
  



      competitions & state fair
  



      projects & resources
  



      youth development
  



      volunteers & alumni
  






      garden & yard
  



      fruit
  



      vegetables
  



      flowers & ornamental
  



      lawns
  



      trees & shrubs
  



      problems & solutions
  



      master gardeners
  



      community gardens
  






      food
  



      local foods
  



      meat
  



      nutrition
  



      preservation
  



      safety
  






      wellness
  



      children
  



      chronic disease
  



      mental health
  



      older adults
  



      personal finances
  



      physical activity
  






      community
  



      creating vibrant places
  



      energizing leaders
  



      strengthening businesses
  













      about
  



      our experts
  



      volunteers
  



      impact
  



      newsletters
  





      news
  



      events
  









          search
        



keywords





advanced search






        print
      











breadcrumb


home





 








sdsu extension








      


            latest recommendations
      
  





 















making waves in pasture water systems (part 1)



      


            in this episode of cattle hq, madison kovarna sits down with pete bauman, a sdsu extension natural resources and wildlife field specialist, and wayne vincent from common sense solar. 
      
  





 










over-the-top dicamba applications are not legal in soybean for 2025



      


            the registration for dicamba labels for over-the-top applications in tolerant soybeans have been pulled for the 2025 growing season. many producers are aware of the situation, but planning weed management strategies should start today.
      
  





 















monthly cattle prices and basis levels



      


            effective marketing and risk management techniques often rely on sound benchmarks. those marketing cattle need reasonable metrics to evaluate received and expected prices.
      
  





 










master food preserver volunteer program



      


            if you enjoy preserving food, volunteering and helping your community, sdsu extension's master food preserver volunteer program may be for you!
      
  





 















early season soil solarization and occultation impacts on weed pressure and onion yield in eastern south dakota: year 2 (2024) results



      


            research report on whether soil tarping can reduce weed pressure in onion yields for the second year
      
  





 










stem learning: tips to let kids tinker and build



      


            tinkering, or the playful, open-ended exploration of materials without a specific end goal, is an important part of stem learning. it involves problem solving, creativity, hands-on learning, and more. 
      
  






      our impact
  

      as the outreach arm of our state’s land grant, south dakota state university, sdsu extension is able to provide farmers, ranchers, agri-business people, communities, families and youth with the research-based information they need to succeed.
  














      216,854
  

      individuals reached
  













      $5,909,271.50
  

      value of volunteer hours
  















      114,099
  

      adult and youth educational contacts
  




      explore our impacts
  


further reading




 















south dakota pest management guides



      


            the south dakota pest management guides are now available for free. the guides offer recommendations for controlling weeds, insects, and diseases in a variety of south dakota crops.
      
  





 















south dakota agricultural land market trends



      


            the 2024 south dakota state university (sdsu) extension farm real estate market survey is the 34th annual survey of agricultural land values and cash rental rates by land use and quality in different regions of south dakota.
      
  





 















fertilizer recommendation guide



      


            sdsu extension fertilizer recommendations are based on field research in south dakota and neighboring states. 
      
  





 















understanding western south dakota prairie streams



      


            this document provides information and guidance for landowners and land managers in western south dakota who are managing small intermittent streams.
      
  





upcoming events




 







dec
09





2025 commercial applicator training online course



      


            commercial applicators may complete this online course to renew their license between now and february 28, 2025.
      
  





 







feb
20





markets and inventory cattle hq live



      


            join sdsu extension's beef team to gain valuable insights to improve the health, productivity and profitability of your herd.
      
  





 







feb
20





cancer: thriving & surviving virtual workshop



      


            sdsu extension will host a six-week virtual workshop series on thriving and surviving cancer. the workshops will be held from 9:00 to 11:30 a.m. ct every thursday from february 20 to march 27, 2025.
      
  





 







mar
01





maple syrup workshop



      


            sdsu extension will host a maple syrup workshop on saturday, march 1, 2025, from 10:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. at mccrory gardens (631 22nd ave., brookings, sd 57006).
      
  


















      south dakota state university
  

      brookings, sd 57007
  

  							questions? call
							1.605.688.4792
							
							or email
							sdsu.extension@sdstate.edu




      follow us
  




facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram




      sign up for our newsletter
  
receive the latest information from sdsu extension
subscribe



      more links
  

footer menu



      civil rights
  



      mesonet at sdstate
  



      legal
  








      © 2025 south dakota board of regents. south dakota state university, south dakota counties, and usda cooperating. all rights reserved.
  

      south dakota state university adheres to aa/eeo guidelines in offering educational programs and services.
  











