




the spiraling cycle












pantheism

\pan"the*ism\, n. [pan- + theism.]
any doctrine, philosophy, or religious practice that holds the universe

{cosmos} conceived of as the totality 
of forces and matter, is synonymous with the theological principle of god.




























































































































































































































































 





.
from the atom,

          through (wo)man, to other spiritual realities...

          we have a spectrum or band of frequencies

          which differentiates

          types of consciousness.
...vegetable consciousness,

          greenness...is another type of energy whose frequency range overlaps

          with, but is not identical to ours.
...bentov diagrams a series of

          energy exchange curves which illustrate this overlap among different

          frequencies of consciousness, different realities. thus we [as humans]

          experience something of vegetable consciousness on one side and

          angelic consciousness on the other.
indeed, might it be that memory is

          our animal-vegetable-mineral heritage, the way in which rocks and

          stones, plants and trees, birds and fishes, continue in us, and that

          imagination is our angelic destiny?
the dream and our capacity to

          symbolize it as culture also allows a resonance between us and these other frequencies of consciousness. when we dream, our dreams become

          the royal road not to our unconscious, as freud would have it, but to

          the consciousness of all creation. moreover, traffic on this road

          flows both ways. in dreaming not only are we open to other vibrations

          of consciousness, to other realities, to the energies of other beings,

          they are also open to us.
bentov says that animals we

          encounter in our dreams indicate "that they do reach into [our]

          level of consciousness." notice his language! bentov is not

          saying that we dream the animal. nor is he saying that the animal

          dreams us. rather he is saying that dreams are the way in which our

          consciousness and that of animals interact.
dreaming is an attunement of

          different frequencies of consciousness. the dream no more belongs to

          us than it does to the animal. on the contrary, the dream is the way

          in which we meet.
...it is still too limiting a notion,

          insofar as the unconscious remains tied to human psychology, either as

          the personality repressed, or as the collective repository of the

          experiences of our species.
the unconscious needs to be

          re-imagined as the consciousness of animals and plants, of minerals

          and stars, of angels and atoms. it needs to be freed from the notion

          that it describes our ignorance about ourselves, and re-imagined as

          the epiphany of other kinds of consciousness. it needs to be

          transformed from a way of tuning out all creation to a way of tuning

          into it.
the "common uniting element of

          all creation is consciousness," bentov says, "and through

          this bridge all things are in constant contact."
so we need to become comfortable

          with the thought of the interaction of all creation and even more

          comfortable with the insight that minerals dream of animals and

          angels, just as plants dream of rocks and us.

i died from minerality and became vegetable; and from vegetativeness i died and became animal.

          i died from animalism and became [wo]man.

          then why fear disappearance through death?

          next time i shall die

          bringing forth wings and feathers like angels; after that, soaring higher than angels- what you cannot imagine,

          i shall be that.

from alexandria

          the order and beauty of nature -vol. 4
read egos,

          angels, and the colors of nature by robert d romanyshyn
http://cosmopolis.com/files/alexandria.pdf











































































































 
web
design by getsirius








 






