











airminded
















































		advanced features of this website require that you enable javascript in your browser. thank you!	






airminded




menu
skip to content
home
about
publications
home fires burning
the next war in the air
downloads
contact
search for: 









1bob+



brett holman • 15 january 2025 




1bob is the first battle of britain: the air war over england, 1917–1918 (hereafter 1bob), which sounds like a book but is actually a wargame. i bought my copy back in april 2009, not long after i submitted my phd, at which point i noted that 'i try to avoid buying wargames because i never seem to actually play them'. it took me nearly 16 years, but over the end-of-year break i finally got around to having a crack at 1bob! my rather thin reasoning was that i should be writing the 1917 chapter of home fires burning later this year, so playing it out as a game might give me some insight into the operational dynamics of the gotha raids. i mean, it could also be fun, that's a sufficient reason too, i guess?
i won't go too much into the game itself here; the 1bob page at boardgamegeek has reviews and discussions as well as images of the game components, if you'd like a better idea of what it's actually like to play. it was fun (even played solitaire), and there's a lot i appreciate as a historian of the raids about the design of 1bob and the thinking behind it. for example, morale (both civilian and military) is a key concept: the accumulation of morale points (mp) is important for determining victory, but also for enabling the expansion of forces and infrastructure. (if london gets a big raid, that's good for germany's chance of winning the game, but it also allows the british to build up its air defences in response to public outrage.) both sides start out with relatively minimal forces, but they can be expanded in a number of directions according to different strategic choices. (civil defence and early warning are both modelled, along with air units and aa. or the british player can build up a bomber force in flanders and try a counterforce strategy - they can even bring an aircraft carrier into operation, if they want to try and tondern the german aerodromes.) aircraft are rated for speed, pursuit, combat, bombardment/strafing and endurance ability; the map extends from aldershot to ghent. so a lot of research and thought has gone into 1bob. (the accompanying article – it's a game-in-a-magazine – lists cole and cheesman, fredette, and morris, among its sources.) this is almost the only game to model the gotha raids; luckily it's a pretty good one.1
however! as i began to play (as documented in a very messy bluesky thread), i did come across rules and gameplay which were at variance with my understanding of how the air war over britain unfolded in 1917 and 1918. so i started thinking about how 1bob could be adapted to make it more historically, and soon i had a bunch of rule modifications that i'm, rather arrogantly, calling 1bob+. i mainly used game mechanics and concepts which are already in the game, and i tried to avoid making the game unplayable. but i haven't tested it extensively (or much at all...), and it's very unlikely unbalanced now. nevertheless, here are the notes explaining my suggested changes. the changes themselves are in a separate pdf (see the link at the bottom of the post). caveat emptor and all that. they won't make much sense without a copy of 1bob itself, but the rules are online if you're interesting in digging into that level of detail.
first, though, while my comments below are often framed as criticisms of 1bob, one thing i learned in this process is that game design is actually very hard! it's one thing to come up with a 'more historical' rule; it's another thing altogether to figure out how that change interacts with the other rules, let alone how it affects gameplay. i continually dithered over to whether to make this change or that change, decisively deciding one way before completely changing my mind a few minutes later. (in fact, i've kept tinkering with 1bob+ even while writing this post…) and i had the advantage of having something to work with – creating a whole game from scratch would be far harder! more philosophically, i had to think about whether i wanted to merely allow historical behaviour or outcomes, or encourage them, or actually enforce them. it turns out that sometimes one approach is best, while sometimes another provides a better balance. one example is fighter escorts. 1bob allows fighters to accompany bomber groups; if i've done my sums right, the albatros d.1s in the game can (just) escort all the way to woolwich on the eastern edge of london. the germans absolutely did not use fighter escorts over britain during the first world war. so should i ban this somehow? well, in terms of contemporary capabilities, it does seem that it was technically possible, even allowing a fuel margin for combat. so why didn't it happen? james kightly rightly warned that we shouldn't project backwards what we think was obvious based on later experience; dreadnought holiday pointed to problems in coordinating fighters and bombers flying together over a long distance, especially given the lack of w/t. i'd agree with both, but i also note that in game terms, a d.1 is no better in defensive air-to-air combat than a gotha (though it is slightly superior to a giant); and there is a limit to how many aircraft can be stacked together. so the german player can include fighter escorts if they want, but it would only provide a marginal increase in combat survivability, and would come at a substantial drop in bombardment power. it's up to them which way they want to go. details aside, this allows and even encourages historical behaviour, but it doesn't enforce it. it allows experimentation and deviation from what did happen which, after all, is part of the point of turning a war into a game. props to joseph miranda for a fundamentally solid design!
...continue reading →the only other one i know of is an expansion for luftschiff, which i also have; but it's more of a mission simulator than an operational or strategic game. [↩] 

			posted in 1910s, air defence, art, games and simulations, home fires burning, pictures on 15 january 2025 by brett holman.						
					




looking for the mothership

• 2 comments

brett holman • 17 december 2024 




the current drone panic on the eastern us seaboard – which started out in new jersey about a month ago, but has spread to connecticut, maryland, massachusetts, new hampshire, new york, pennsylvania, and even us bases in the uk and germany – is, of course, hardly unprecedented. not only does it bear obvious similarities to the 2019 drone panic in the us midwest, and to the gatwick drones panic in 2018, but also to a whole series of much earlier panics involving threatening objects in the sky which are at least partly imaginary. (some of the drones may well be drones. but many, if not most, are nothing more unusual than civilian aircraft on routine flights. when they're not stars, that is.) i'm thinking less here of the post-1947 ufo phenomenon, which by and large was not initially viewed with suspicion or alarm, or even the mystery airships seen across the us in 1896 and 1897, which similarly were generally the object of curiosity, not fear, but the british phantom airship panics of 1909 and 1913, as well the mystery aeroplane panic in australia and new zealand in 1918. it's a whole new scareship age.
while the sociological mechanisms of the construction and transmission of the idea of mystery aircraft has probably remained fairly constant over the last 160-odd years, it has certainly accelerated with the coming of various modes of mass media, including, now, social media. more interestingly, their cultural form is greatly dependent on the technological context. hence the progression from balloons to airships to aeroplanes to rockets to spaceships to helicopters and now to drones (which, although a retrograde step in terms of their lack of cosmic scope, are novel technologies in the way that the artefacts of the space age can no longer be). but even more interestingly is the way that the threat or promise of mystery aircraft shifts with (geo)political context. so the american mystery airships of the 1890s were generally supposed to be flown by american inventors; the british phantom airships before 1914 were german surveillance platforms; the scandinavian mystery aeroplanes in the 1930s were soviet infiltrators; after the second world war, flying saucers were piloted by space brothers or nocturnal abductors (actually, that is something of a break: the ufo phenomenon became its own, much bigger thing to a large extent – one reason why i steer clear of it). and so on. 
...continue reading → 

			posted in 1900s, 1910s, australia, contemporary, phantom airships, mystery aeroplanes, and other panics, pictures on 17 december 2024 by brett holman.						
					




what i did in my holidays (sightseeing) – portsmouth, woking, brighton

• 1 comment

brett holman • 8 december 2024 



time to bring this puppy (of a series of blog posts) home! duriong the last couple of weeks i spent in london researching, i also managed to tick something which had been on my bucket list since my first uk trip in 2007: the portsmouth historic dockyard. portsmouth is a little over 2 hours from london by train, which somehow seemed to always mean just a little too much advance planning for me to actually make this happen. not this time!
the dockyard is part of an active royal navy base, hmnb portsmouth, which is home port for two-thirds of the british fleet. the first naval dockyard on this site was begun in 1194 – that's during the reign of richard lionheart – so this area has been at the heart of british seapower for a very long time. of course, all of the built heritage that remains is far more recent than that, 18th-19th century or so, precisely because it was a working dockyard for so long.
...continue reading → 

			posted in pictures, travel 2024 on 8 december 2024 by brett holman.						
					




civil defence from below

• 2 comments

brett holman • 6 december 2024 




next july, the australasian association for european history (aaeh) conference is being held at the university of auckland. my abstract having been accepted, it looks like i'll be going to new zealand! my presentation is entitled 'civil defence from below: street patrols and air raid risk in britain, 1915-1918' and here's what it's about:

as a marker of total war, civil defence is usually seen as a large-scale activity organised by the state which mobilised civilians in defence of the nation against attack from above, with the development of british air raid precautions before and during the blitz of 1940-41 as a classic exemplar. however, in britain's first experience of air raids between 1914 and 1918, the state was often curiously absent from civil defence. to a large extent, it was the demands of local communities which drove civil defence policy and practice. i examine here the development of street patrols, which provided warnings of impending air raids in highly localised urban areas so that inhabitants could take measures for their own protection. these patrols were self-organised, often without official sanction, and so represent a form of civil defence from below. while generally justified by a stated need to protect women, children and the elderly from unnecessary anxiety, they were also presented as a form of working-class mutual aid which was necessitated by the lack of state action in providing public raid warnings. joining a patrol also enabled the construction of a useful masculinity by allowing men who were too young, too old or otherwise unable to join the fighting forces to perform the defence of their communities. i will focus on three such examples of bottom-up patrols with varying success - hull in 1915, burton in 1916, and london in 1917 - as well as an example of top-down patrols - gloucester in 1916 - to show what they reveal about the changing geography and emotions of air raid risk across britain in the first bombing war.

this will be a great opportunity (read: will force me!) to draw together some of the topics and themes which are emerging in home fires burning. street patrols are an understudied topic – mike reeve has analysed hull's in depth; see his bombardment, public safety and resilience in english coastal communities during the first world war (cham: palgrave macmillan, 2021), 216–226, as well as his post on the coastal history blog – and they've cropped up here on airminded once or twice. but they were more interesting than i'd realised. the photo above, for example, is from hull in 1919, and doesn't show a street patrol itself; rather, it's children from around church-street in drypool, where 'one of the best systems of night patrols was organized', who were being treated to a 'waggonette outing to beverley westwood' out of the 'good sum of money obtained' from over three years' (presumably) worth of the 'weekly collection taken in the district' to cover the cost of the patrols.1 this kind of unofficial, community-based civil defence was clearly very different to the patrols carried out by special constables who are usually associated with air raid patrols in the first world war, but also to the even more familiar air raid wardens of the second world war. so i want to have a closer look.
it's also an great opportunity to see auckland (my only previous visit to nz was to wellington in 2013, also for the aaeh). it was an unfortunate coincidence that my abstract was accepted on the same day that the nz government announced that from 2025, its marsden fund will no longer be funding humanities and social science research (which means, as far as i can tell, no funding in these areas at all), while 50% everything else will need to show an economic benefit to new zealand. it doesn't seem like there is any recourse or relief in prospect, so it's going to get grim. (presciently, the aaeh's theme next year is 'dark horizons? new directions in european history'.) but i'm still looking forward to catching up with my historian colleagues across the ditch next july!
daily mail (hull), 12 august 1919, 3. [↩] 

			posted in 1910s, civil defence, conferences and talks, home fires burning, periodicals, pictures on 6 december 2024 by brett holman.						
					




what i did in my holidays (sightseeing) – london (2)



brett holman • 3 november 2024 



nearly at the end of these posts! during my two weeks in london researching, i also managed to fit in some sightseeing (it helped that none of my archives were open on sundays). mostly this meant the british museum, but there were also a couple of other favourite haunts plus a museum i'd never managed to make it to before.
...continue reading → 

			posted in pictures, travel 2024 on 3 november 2024 by brett holman.						
					




what i did in my holidays (sightseeing) – conwy, bath

• 2 comments

brett holman • 12 october 2024 



after liverpool, conwy. via bangor, very briefly. (all i'll say is that if you tell people you're going on holiday to x and their response is 'x? really?', that should probably be taken as an opportunity to rethink your travel plans.)
...continue reading → 

			posted in pictures, travel 2024 on 12 october 2024 by brett holman.						
					




what i did in my holidays (sightseeing) – york, liverpool



brett holman • 30 september 2024 



after glasgow, york. this was a place we had both previously visited and loved, but not for well over a decade and not together. so we were curious to see if we would enjoy it as much now. folly? yes, but that's not important right now.
...continue reading → 

			posted in pictures, travel 2024 on 30 september 2024 by brett holman.						
					




what i did in my holidays (sightseeing) – london (1), glasgow



brett holman • 22 september 2024 



the first instalment of some much-belated travel photo blogging from our uk trip in may-june 2024. above, the sérilly cabinet, a private room built for the lady of a parisian town house around 1778, and now relocated in its entirety to the v&a. 
...continue reading → 

			posted in pictures, travel 2024 on 22 september 2024 by brett holman.						
					




what i did in my holidays (research/sightseeing)

• 2 comments

brett holman • 27 august 2024 



there aren't a great many sites of memory left to evoke the first bombing war, so during my recent uk trip i thought i'd make the effort to track a couple of them down. (one, cleopatra's needle, i did see on my first uk trip, but have never managed to make it back.)
...continue reading → 

			posted in 1910s, pictures, travel 2024 on 27 august 2024 by brett holman.						
					




what i did in my holidays (research)

• 2 comments

brett holman • 31 july 2024 




so, i'm back from my long-overdue and much-needed research trip to the uk. was it worth it? yes!
in raw numbers, i took over 11,000 photos across 13 days at 8 archives in 5 cities.1 obviously, since i'm not a bomber command aoc i'm not going to prioritise quantity over quality. but i did pretty much, er, hit all my high priority targets and look at everything i really wanted to see. i struck archival gold nearly every day; there were only one or two places where the findings were meagre, and those visits were always a bit speculative anyway. i would like to have to visited the tfl corporate archives (though check out the underground posters i did find, above and below, from 1917-18 and 1917 respectively), or one or two other home counties archives. but you can't see everything; and what i did see will make home fires burning a much better book.
...continue reading →about five-sixths of these were taken at the national archives alone. [↩] 

			posted in 1910s, archives, ephemera, home fires burning, pictures on 31 july 2024 by brett holman.						
					


post navigation
« older articles





 air-minded, adj.

interested in or enthusiastic for the use and development of aircraft (oxford english dictionary)

airminded is the research blog of dr brett holman, a historian from melbourne, australia.

out now

buy my book the next war in the air: britain's fear of the bomber, 1908-1941 (ashgate, 2014; routledge, 2017) in hardcover, paperback or ebook format.
pages

about
archives

britain, 1940-2
hendon, 1920-37
mystery aeroplanes, 1918
mystery aircraft, 1865-1946
scareships, 1909
scareships, 1913
the road to war, 1914-15
the sudeten crisis, 1938


bibliography

in the next war
to-day and to-morrow


biographies

claude grahame-white
h. g. wells
j. m. spaight
l. e. o. charlton
montagu of beaulieu
noel pemberton billing
p. r. c. groves


contact
copyright
downloads
no access
presentations
publications

home fires burning
the next war in the air


review policy
thesis

recent commentsmark holman on tremayne and crowanloved reading all of the above. been to cornwall some time ago and my line goes; mark (me) william raymond,john doe on what i did in my holidays (sightseeing) – portsmouth, woking, brightonthis is a fascinating read! i especially enjoyed the historical details and the images. brett holman on civil defence from belowthanks! yeah, it's like the pub test on steroids. brett holman on what i did in my holidays (sightseeing) – conwy, baththat's evidence that it's at least possible, i suppose! brett holman on a tall tale of big benthat's really interesting, thanks for that. it could well be part of the puzzle! a quick search doesn't throw uptopics of conversation1900s
1910s
1920s
1930s
1940s
acquisitions
aerial theatre
after 1950
aircraft
air defence
archives
art
australia
before 1900
blogging, tweeting and podcasting
books
civil aviation
civil defence
cold war
conferences and talks
contemporary
ephemera
film
links
maps
nuclear, biological, chemical
other
periodicals
phantom airships, mystery aeroplanes, and other panics
pictures
plots and tables
post-blogging 1940-2
post-blogging the 1913 scareships
post-blogging the 1918 mystery aeroplanes
post-blogging the sudeten crisis
publications
radio
reprisals
reviews
rumours
thesis
tools and methods
travel 2007
videos
words
no longer also blogging at

cliopatria (defunct)
revise and dissent (defunct)
society for military history blog (defunct)


in australia

space age archaeology
the tiger's mouth


on britain

antiquarian’s attic
david edgerton
early modern notes
edwardian promenade
hatful of history
quad royal
the little professor
wynken de worde


on aviation

a year of aviation illustration & art
airplay
airspace
from balloons to drones
hush-kit
naval air history
vintage aero writer
x planes


a world at war

atomic-annihilation
australian war memorial
automatic ballpoint
bench grass
blog them out of the stone age
civil war memory
daly history blog
great war fiction
historical perspectives
how it really was
imperial war museum
landskip
pillblogs
restricted data
stoneman's corner
the invasion network
war and security


digital scholars

dan cohen's digital humanities blog
found history
northwest history
tim sherratt


other blogs of note

a blast from the past
beachcombing's bizarre history blog
butterflies and wheels
centauri dreams
chapati mystery
corey robin
crooked timber
easily distracted
executed today
frog in a well
geographical imaginations
history of knowledge
history unfolding
in the middle
kafka's mouse
lawyers, guns and money
paleofuture
ph.d. octopus
philobiblon
play the past
ptak science books
ragesoss
steamboats are ruining everything
strange maps
tenured radical
the edge of the american west
the renaissance mathematicus
u.s. intellectual history


more history

academicblogs: history
australian historical association
cliopatria's history blogroll
history journal response times


see also

academia.edu
bluesky
github
google scholar citations
heritage of the air
humanities commons
mastodon
orcid
scopus









 log in


powered by wordpress












