


creativity.net - creativity café - various - kidcast for peace












 creativity.net - creativity café - various - kidcast for peace









home
about
welcome
resources
links
community
guestbook
kidcast for peace
artists showcase
invest
history
vision statement
donate
visionary artists
gifts
sponsors:   maui
shopping
old guestbook


								
watch our vodcast, listen to our podcast								
								

 







   
support our networking

					your contributions help us maintain our community service team and infrastructure. sponsors  & supporters







 





welcome
						      to creativity cafe; a cyber play-space, edutainment-center and concept.
 a new school, networking night/day club and more…to help transfrom earth and it's peoples toward a harmonious, happy humanity! resource center
tap into our large network of creative people, resources and solutions offered in the name of pronoia.
community fourm

  v.a.r.i.o.u.s. members speak out.






kids create international dialog and "solutions" to earth challenges through live internet video, audio and text.



our latest news
projects and affiliations
youth media exchange
founders' creativity cafe blog



contact improv.. 
								with a turtle!




contact v.a.r.i.o.u.s. media:
p.o. box 854
tenafly, nj 07670

contact: 201.500.8841
(808) 875-4747







the maui artists showcase and networking events are creativity cafe core technology for bringing creative people and their audiences together to explore the creative process and promote the melting of barriers to success.  creativity cafe is a project of visionary artists resources including other unique services (v.a.r.i.o.u.s. media) our membership regularly produces live "edutainments" in locations around the world - to demonstrate some of the components of creativity cafe; a venue being designed to harness our planets resources and creative force. its time to produce and broadcast your positive media, life affirming ideas and images and inter-activities that are healing, help to raise our self-esteem and offer personal growth experiences and transformational theater of the future.


									search this site:     

visionary artists resources including other unique services (v.a.r.i.o.u.s. media) and associates is dedicated to the facilitation of creative expression and production, presentation and proliferation of positive media and edutainment; to help heal our planet and its peoples. we invite you to join our membership and those aligned with the vision of creating an interactive edutainment new school and social mechanism for planet earth called creativity cafe. we are designed it to be a networking, mentoring and envisioning center for local and global commuinities to help with earth's transformation.
do you resonate with this vision? what part do you play? a creativity cafe consortium is forming and needs you!
many v.a.r.i.o.u.s. and community members share in the dream of similar venues to serve global community in appropriate ways. 




















