








home - stratusvue















































































 






collaboration, consistency and control |   847.876.1003 







user login   |    projects out to bid 
















 








collaboration & project management software for construction 











menumenuabout usmodules

project managementjob cost managementdocument managementbid managementstratuslink
resources

user manualsvideo tutorialsguest speakerslearning eventsrelease notessubmit a ticket
newsroom

success storiesstratusvue succeeds in many ways and these stories reflect those victoriescase studies

ragnar bensongrayslake medicalaqua at lakeshorepepper constructionknaack datavault 
press releasesnew featuresblog
contact us 










request a demo



























the stratusvue platform 












 




collaborate for great project management 







 








 




get consistency in cost management 







 








 




control all your project documents in the cloud 







 








 




get faster results for your bids & proposals 







 








 




managing & linking your closeout, turnover & built data 


















learn more 
							request demo 
							collaborate for great project management 
							 


learn more 
							request demo 
							bid management 
							get better and faster results. 
							 


learn more 
							request demo 
							bimfx 
							make bim-enabled closeouts done faster and in one central location. 
							 


learn more 
							request demo 
							simplified content collaboration. 
							 


integrations 
							learn more > 
							request demo 
							one location for all your project management data. 
							 


stratusvue
mobile app 
							learn more > 
							request demo 
							connect anytime, anywhere the mobile app. 
							 


















collaboration software for construction 



the stratusvue platform: seamlessly integrated to manage projects from design through operations.
companies all know they need technology to be competitive in the marketplace. that’s the easy part. what’s harder to figure out is: which technologies to use? and why? individual solutions each promise benefits, but often ignore the fact that each one operates as part of a larger technology ecosystem. data needs to be transferred between solutions so that it can be used over and over again in decision making. but these transfers are difficult to manage, so forward-thinking it managers are looking to eliminate them whenever possible.
stratusvue makes a positive impact in this regard. the solutions that make up the stratusvue platform have been developed as integrated pieces of the same puzzle, so when clients use project manager, cost manager, document manager, bid manager, and bimfx together, they don’t have any data transfer issues. they’re using one integrated system that manages project information from the design phase, through construction, and into building operations.
companies no longer need to wonder where their key project data is located – it’s in the stratusvue platform. so rather than spending time searching for information, everyone on the project can focus on doing what they were hired to do… build great things. 



who we serve 



owners / developersby implementing stratusvue as a single solution across their campuses and properties, institutional owners are able to establish a consistent standard for all the team members involved in and working on the project. they are also able to monitor the status and progress of each project in real time, and quickly retrieve documentation from wherever they are, from any device, whenever necessary. the stratusvue platform can provide improved transparency, control, and security for owners of multiple buildings, especially in sectors like healthcare, higher education, and for corporations.developers by definition tend to be involved in multiple construction projects at any given time. when different contractors use different solutions on each project, or when they do not use modern software at all, it becomes challenging for the developer to oversee what’s happening. with the stratusvue platform, development project leaders are able to more efficiently monitor progress and prevent expensive changes from being required later in their projects.when owners involved in real estate development use stratusvue solutions, they benefit by reducing the amount of time required for due diligence. having one centralized repository for all their documentation creates a virtual “war room” that is far more organized and efficient than the paper-based world of the past. with bimfx, owners and developers can easily propagate all the as-built information collected during construction to their facilities and maintenance teams as operations begin. this eliminates countless hours of investigation and save operational dollars every day.  



general contractors / construction managersgeneral contractors (gc’s) and construction managers (cm’s) are like the conductors of an orchestra during the physical building phase. there are a lot of different players to keep in harmony. stratusvue’s solutions have been designed to enable gc’s and cm’s to keep the music playing through collaborative, efficient data collection.bidvue helps complete the bid process faster, which then integrates with, plansandspecs to provide more control and consistency over the process, which then connects to, bimfx to give a strong differentiator for data migration at project completion. using stratusvue solutions across an organization also enables project administrators to cover more projects than they could in the past. 



architects / engineers
as the guides for the overall process, it is crucial that architects and engineers can share their vision with the stakeholders who are working to realize it. stratusvue’s solutions make it easier than ever for designers to share the documents that describe their vision. the software ensures that everyone has access to the most updated information to build to, but also that unauthorized parties can’t alter that vision – either on purpose or accidentally. the role-based environment and automated workflows of plansandspecs gives the design team peace of mind and ultimately results in fewer mistakes on site. 



subcontractors
the key to doing good work is having the right information in a timely fashion. with easy access, single log-in, and logical structure, the stratusvue products ensures that subcontractors have the information they need when they need it. whether it’s checking the latest rfi response, entering submittal information, or downloading the latest drawing revisions, subcontractors use stratusvue as their one-stop-shop for project data. 














learn more about us
























projects being built worldwide by stratusvue 

0
+






our missionenabling great things – at stratusvue, we connect people with the information they need to succeed and provide processes to help them work more efficiently. we understand the challenges our clients face every day, and we provide tools so they can focus on what really matters. we enable them to achieve great things. 











featured clients - 





 














stratusvue hq 







 
847.876.1003





 
info@stratusvue.com





 
38 west grand avenue, fox lake, il 60020











stratusvue office locations 






 
atlanta, ga



 
baltimore, md



 
charlotte, nc



 
detroit, mi



 
las vegas, nv



 
louisville, ky



 
miami, fl



 
orlando, fl










 











 







client portaluser loginprojects out to bidpartner registrationsubmit a ticket 







resources user manualsvideo tutorialsguest speakerslearning eventsrelease notes 







this websiteabout usmodulescase studiesnewsroomcontact us 







product updates from stratusvuejoin the stratusvue product updates mailing list to keep up to date on the latest product improvements, integrations, events, and more … 















send












facebook
 



twitter
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 



instagram
 















									38 west grand avenue, fox lake, il 60020   •   (847) 876-1003   •   info@stratusvue.com    •   google   •   legal   •   sitemap 







copyright © 2022 stratusvue. all rights reserved. 







site designed and maintained by rb comsulting 




















 









































































































































































































