
















home | college of education



















      skip to main content
    
















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 



















give
request info
visit
apply now


give
request info
visit
apply now






 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


home


about

about the college
office of the dean
academic units
centers, institutes & projects
college committees
advisory board
support the college



academics

prospective students
undergraduate majors
undergraduate minors
graduate programs
certifications
professional undergraduate admission



student life

meet your advisor
scholarships
student involvement
study abroad
graduation
office of field experiences



research & impact

research impact
research resources
applying for a research grant



community

alumni
outreach
professional preparation board
tutoring and mentoring
k-12 teaching resources
trans studies in education speaker series



faculty & staff

directory
college committees
faculty and staff awards
employment opportunities
faculty & staff hub
























 




pause video
play video







exploreour programs

undergraduategraduatecertifications




























home













on this page:facts eventsnews

















 





#
10


rehabilitation counseling program in the u.s.


– u.s. news and world report 2023

 







87
%


pass rate on state certification exams for those in our teaching programs

 







1

st



our borderlands education center is the first of its kind in the united states

 






 







    
  college of education scholarships are open

  
graduate students apply through march 28 - undergraduates apply through april 11apply today







 








program spotlight

want to make an impact in online education? the teaching online by design minor program prepares you for careers in e-learning, instructional design, and more. perfect for future online educators. learn how to engage students and master digital tools!
explore the program today!










faculty spotlight

discover how uarizona researcher melanie mckay-cody is championing the preservation of native american sign languages, safeguarding a rich cultural heritage for future generations. learn more about her groundbreaking work and its impact on indigenous communities.
read the full article










welcome back wildcats!

as you start the spring semester, the college of education is here to support you. our recruitment team helps with applications, transfers, majors, and scholarships. connect with ambassadors for insights or join our tours and info sessions. best wishes for a great semester!
see how we can help
















image
 








college of education honors black faculty advancing dr. king’s legacy of community actionon the heels of 2025’s dr. martin luther king, jr. national day of service, we are kicking off our series featuring those black faculty in the college of education who are continuing the spirit of his legacy of community action. these accomplished scholars have developed research expertise and cultivated a teaching and service agenda committed to improving educational spaces while prioritizing community empowerment and revealing black communities' strength, joy, resilience, creativity, and cultural and intellectual history.
















 

    events





































9 a.m. – 5 p.m., feb. 17, 2025



































































cepeda stories: everyone has a story to tell






































9 a.m. – 5 p.m., feb. 18, 2025


































































cepeda stories: everyone has a story to tell







































9 a.m. – 5 p.m., feb. 19, 2025

































































cepeda stories: everyone has a story to tell










view all events on the calendar


























image
 








support the college of education on giving daygiving day is just around the corner! this valentine’s day, join wildcats everywhere for 24 hours ofgiving, community and impact. whether you’re passionate about funding scholarships, advancing research or supporting your favorite program, this is your chance to show love for education. together, we can fuel wonder and create opportunities for future generations.support the college of education














news


 

















image
 







thursday


u of a excellence and impact showcased in phoenix 



    read more at university of arizona news
  
















 

















image
 







wednesday


the university of arizona to help develop national sustainability standards in higher ed 



    read more
  




















image
 







feb. 7, 2025


trec newsletter highlights professional growth resources for educators in southern arizona



    read more
  




















image
 







jan. 28, 2025


edl begins offering micro-credential digital badge: leadership fundamentals for organizational change



    read more
  
















read all news












stay connected with message from the dean!sign up for our newsletter to get the latest updates on college news and events, exclusive insights from faculty, inspiring profiles of students and alumni, and much more. don’t miss out on staying informed and engaged with our community!subscribe today!




































 
faculty & staff




















 
contact us
1430 e. second street
p.o. box 210069
tucson, arizona 85721
520-621-1461
coe-arizona@arizona.edu






academic units


disability & psychoeducational studies


educational policy studies & practice


educational psychology


teaching, learning & sociocultural studies




social media


facebook


x (formerly twitter)


instagram


youtube







we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














