school of science: indiana university indianapolis


























skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search




school of scienceschool of
                                scienceindianapolisdepartmentsbiologychemistry & chemical biologycomputer scienceearth and environmental sciencesforensic & investigative sciencesmathematical sciencesneurosciencephysicspsychologyschool of science main sitedepartmentsbiologychemistry & chemical biologycomputer scienceearth and environmental sciencesforensic & investigative sciencesmathematical sciencesneurosciencephysicspsychologyschool of science main sitetoggle search boxsearchsearchschool of sciencetoggle menuaboutaboutdean's welcomedean's advisory councilfacts & statisticsscience storiesnewseventsiu indianapolisdiversitycommunity outreachcontactadmissionsadmissionsapplyvisitfinancial aid & scholarshipsadmitted studentsacademicsacademicsareas of studydegrees & programshonors programcourse descriptionsstudy abroadacademic supportdean's list and science scholarsgraduationcommencementposter printingresearchresearchcenters & partnersstudent opportunitiesstudent lifestudent lifelive & learn downtownstudent organizationshousingcareer servicescareer servicesadvisingcareer toolshandshakegraduate & professional school planningfor employersfaculty & staffinternship scholarshipelective coursescareer fairshealth professions faireventscontact usalumni & givingalumni & givinggive to scienceget involvedeventsstoriescontact uspeople directory
discover the science school that lets you have it alla world-class degree. a location in the heart of a major metropolitan area. a plethora of research and internship opportunities. all this, and the traditional college experience you’re dreaming of.whatever you’re looking for in a science program, you’ll find it here.explore your academic optionslearn how to apply
be part of tomorrow’s biggest discoveriesalmost 70 percent of our faculty is actively engaged in some of today’s most innovative research. and whether they’re searching for the next breakthrough drug or exploring the mysteries of the universe, most welcome students into their labs—at the graduate and undergraduate level.learn more about our researchexplore our departments and programsbiologychemistry & chemical biologyearth and environmental sciencesforensic & investigative sciencesmathematical sciencesneurosciencephysicspsychology17 : 1student to faculty ratio180+full time faculty$20 millionin external research fundingfirstand only accredited forensics program in the state2,100+life sciences companies in indiana (data from biospeak/biocrossroads)74,000+tech jobs in indianapolis (data from comptia)pathway to medicinethe bachelor's to md (b/md) pathway to medicine program provides a direct path to admission at the iu school of medicine for eligible first-year students directly admitted to the school of science.bachelor's to md (b/md)learn more about the b/md pathway program »latest news



doctoral students at iu indianapolis lead pursuit for groundbreaking hydrocephalus drug treatments
february 14, 2025
    
  the only treatment currently available for hydrocephalus is brain surgery, and researchers at iu indianapolis’ hydrocephalus research center are on a mission to change that.

    




collaborative project uses animation to show importance of wildlife biodiversity in indianapolis
december 17, 2024
    how do coyotes and hawks help humans living in urban communities? during the fall semester, two iu indianapolis professors teamed up to address that question by launching the cultural carrying capa... 
    read more about collaborative project uses animation to show importance of wildlife biodiversity in indianapolis




$1m endowment from school of science alum establishes scholarship in former dean’s name
december 11, 2024
    
  in honor of former dean and professor simon j. rhodes, the school of science at iu indianapolis is creating the simon j. rhodes legacy scholarship, made possible by a gift from kent hawryluk.

    


	all news


more news







school of science professor lixin wang lands on clarivate’s highly cited researcher list


november 19, 2024








department of earth & environmental sciences earns inspiring programs in stem award


july 30, 2024
the award honors colleges and universities that encourage and assist students from underrepresented groups to enter the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (stem).







preps, iu school of medicine launch growth through guidance program


june 03, 2024
school of science students interested in pursuing an m.d. or ph.d. at the iu school of medicine can get a firsthand look at what it's like to be a medical student.




all news
upcoming events



feb
20



employer meet & greet with the health & hospital corporation of marion county

11:30 a.m.—3 p.m.
science building
-


feb
20



life-health sciences internship (lhsi) program application prep

4:30 p.m.—5:30 p.m.
engineering science & technology building
-


feb
25



health professions fair

1 p.m.—4 p.m.
campus center - 420 university blvd indianapolis, in 46202
-


feb
27



meet the forest service!

4:30 p.m.—5:30 p.m.

feb
28



mirsky day of geoscience

all day

mar
03



professional school application series: personal statement workshop

3:30 p.m.—5 p.m.

mar
11



employer meet & greet with the health & hospital corporation of marion county (copy)

11:30 a.m.—3 p.m.
science building
-


mar
13



ask me anything about the job search

11:30 a.m.—2:30 p.m.
science building
-
 

					all events				 picture yourself herelearn how to applyexplore student life







						school of science					







							402 n. blackford street						


indianapolis, in 46202







contact us
					
					








explore
               


about


admissions


academics


research


student life


career services


alumni & giving


people



information for faculty & staff





                   connect 
               















                   support
               











iu trident
iu trident





accessibility


college scorecard


privacy
                  notice


copyright
                  © 2024 the trustees of
                  
						
						indiana
                  university














new writing  sponsor: do my assignment and professional essay writers parimatch slot gacor menghadirkan pengalaman bermain yang tak terlupakan dengan tema menarik dan fitur bonus melimpah. raih kesempatan memenangkan hadiah besar dengan setiap putaran anda! проверьте свои шансы на успех! официальный сайт с актуальными предложениями на январь 2025: свежие промокоды на вавада. простая активация, щедрые бонусы и выгодные акции для новых и постоянных игроков. achieve lean muscle gains and enhanced performance with primobolan depot 200. perfect for cutting cycles and maintaining strength—order now!