









hotel in downtown portland or | the mark spencer hotel












































































skip to content





mark spencer hotel



 
 







rooms


room types
extended stay
book now
group/corporate login


amenities


coffee
pet friendly


local area


event calendar
portland dining
portland state university
powell’s books
the pearl district
sports venues
concert venues
theatre district
omsi
oregon zoo


logo
promotions
meetings & events


meetings & groups rfp


property


about
contact us
stash rewards
gallery
policies







 




home

















 







								mark spencer							

								portland, or							


































availability













adults
12345child
012345



 search 


book now




travel updates: see our latest policies and procedures in response to covid-19

















joining us for our daily complimentary wine hour from 5 pm – 6 pm!

mark spencer hotel
extraordinary hotel in downtown portland, oregon.








welcome to mark spencer hotel in downtown portland, or, where we invite you to #staylikealocal. our charming property is the ideal place to stay when looking to enjoy upscale accommodations in the heart of the city.













about the hotel

opened in 1907 as the nortonia hotel, the property became a hit with traveling theatre performers and celebrities looking for a stylish hotel close to the city’s theatre district.
the hotel was rebranded in 1966 and renamed mark spencer hotel, still retaining its intention to act as a home away from home for artists, performers, tourists, and business travelers looking to enjoy well-appointed accommodations, excellent services, and an unbeatable location.



























































on-site amenities & services 

















where the west end meets the pearl 

















mark spencer event center 


































stylish guest rooms
all available guest rooms and suites have been beautifully renovated and redesigned. modern décor combined with historic architecture creates a luxurious and comfortable atmosphere for any business or leisure traveler. each room features a luxury bedding package, 50” led tvs and custom furniture pieces throughout.

carrera marble flooring, italian glass tile work in the showers and fog-free mirrors also adorn each bathroom. in each guest room and corridor, guests can enjoy artwork by local artists depicting portland’s vibrant culture. come stay with us and see what it’s like to #staylikealocal.
check in: 4pm; check out: 12pm












double queen






view room













master suite






view room







































 
















mark spencer hotel
 409 southwest eleventh avenue, 
portland, oregon, 
usa, 97205

phone:  503-224-3293 
email: hospitality@markspencer.com








privacy policy.
ca privacy notice.
website accessibility.

created by travel media group ©  all rights reserved. 












rooms
amenities
local area
logo
promotions
meetings & events
property



copyright © 2025 mark spencer hotel — ascension theme by godaddy









close this module
exclusive ratesenter your email address to subscribe to our newsletter and immediately receive 15% off our best available rate.
emailenter your email addresssubscribethanks, i’m not interested


















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






accessibility statementaccessibility statement 







