



home - gavin menziesgavin menzies | who discovered america? | 1421 | chinese voyages | renaissance history |medieval history | maritime exploration |chinese exploration | admiral  zheng he | chinese junks


















































gavin menzies



skip to content

homeamerica
atlantis
china
blog
books
contact





 this site is a legacy site for gavin menzies. to find out more about what is being done to further gavin’s work today, please visit the 1421 foundation




 






comments are closed.




about this website is a legacy site for gavin menzies. it was set up in 2002 and for 18 years served as a focal point for ongoing research into pre-columbian exploration of the world. the 1421 research team was set up to receive and disseminate all information gathered via this website. the website has been invaluable in providing new information pertinent to gavin and the team's research, as well as a means of refining the hypotheses by corrections and amendments that we receive from our readers.
read more

the 1421 foundation 
the 1421 research, education and exploration foundation is a us-based non-profit foundation set up to fund ongoing research into pre-columbian trans-oceanic exploration. to find out more please visit www.1421foundation.org

who discovered america? 
in "who discovered america?" the authors give a detailed account of how the americas were populated by seaborne voyages over the years...
learn more here

china’s great discoveries 
'1421' and '1434' explore the chinese contribution to world discovery, and to the italian renaissance respectively. 
discover for yourself

 





piu








other pages 
media
blog
press
about
contact

 



social media 
facebook
twitter
rss

 



language 
polish
spanish

 



testimonials 

“filled with excitement, just as you'd expect from someone propounding one of the most revolutionary ideas in the history of history.” 
 - new york times magazine


“a historical detective, as well as a scholar, [who] adds to our knowledge of the world, past and present.” 
 - new york daily news


 


 
				website design by pedalo







