


vella cheese company








 vella cheese company 
handmade in sonoma, ca since 1931 
    sustainably produced since 2003



 • call us at 1-800-848-0505 • email us at vella@vellacheese.com 
visit us on yelp and tripadvisor



home 
products • buy cheese
history
awards & recognition
cooking with cheese
contact & visit info

 
view and download the california cheese trail in alphabetical order, vella is #81.
 
virtual vella cheese tour to view and print
 
 



vella cheese’s retail store is open to customers  10 am – 5:00 pm, tues – sat  



since 1931, vella cheese has been a companion to the finest foods in the world. as an ingredient, sprinkled on top, or served alongside the full fresh flavor and smooth creamy texture of vella cheese is guaranteed to satisfy.
 
the success of vella cheese lies in the personal attention each day's production is given. quality starts in the pasture. every cow is not the same. every day is not sunny; every blade of grass is not green and lush. but, if you insist on the finest breeding of herds, the finest feeds, the greatest care in milking and transporting the top grade milk, so that you have the best possible natural raw material, you have set the stage for super cheese.
read more about us: 
family tradition behind the excellence of vella cheese

we are all natural
only natural ingredients go into our cheeses and their coatings. 
all the milk in our cheese comes from   a local sustainably-farmed dairy and their happy free range  california cows.
our whey, which is a by-product of cheesemaking, returns to the dairy and to local vineyards to enrich their crops.
we are the first solar powered business in sonoma.
we are committed to waste diversion, including recycling, composting, and furthering the sustainability of all our operations.
missing charley malkassian
we are absolutely devastated by the loss of ig's right hand man, our hardworking and devoted head cheese maker of 40 years, charley malkassian. when chuck retired in march 2020 he left just like he lived, quiet and humble with a big smile and a wave. he trained all of our current cheese makers and imparted his humor and sweet disposition on our make room and factory for generations. we are eternally grateful to have been the recipients of his dedication to the craft of cheese making and his legacy will live on in our product everyday. charlie was a part of our family and he will always be honored as a pillar of the vella cheese company. you will never be forgotten and will forever have a place at our vat. we love you chas.
photo by: john burgess/the press democrat

 


 
vella cheese  has been producing handmade  gourmet cheeses for over 
  93 years.
 
2024 sonoma valley people's choice award: vella cheese
local food brand
 
try a bit of everything box




half pound wedges of 
toma
daisy with jalapenos
sharp cheddar 
rosemary jack
mezzo secco
dry monterey jack

 


home | 

products • buy cheese | 
history |  awards & recognition | cooking with cheese | contact & visit info
vella cheese company • po box 191, sonoma, ca 95476 • 800-848-0505





