


gamespy: pc games, reviews, news, previews, demos, mods & patches












 










  




continue to  »


learn how to disable this ad »










			ign entertainment: ign|1up|gamespy|gamestats|ugo|askmen|ign pro league



















news


features



columns


all articles





reviews


previews



release dates





tech


game wikis


cheats


forum


community



newsletter


twitter


facebook





archives



podcasts


humor


comics


planets





about us


 















the war z review
2012 game of the year
the best horde modes
far cry 3 review




























goodbye
it's been fun!





















goodbye, and thank you from the gamespy team
by dan stapleton | pc articles | feb 21, 2013 4:05 pm | 0 comments
gamespy, as we know it, began in 1999. today, 14 years later, it has reached the end of the road. we had a good run, and we want to sincerely thank all of you for reading and joining in discussions with us. it's been fantastic. read more »



crysis 3's prophet is the ultimate hunter - gamespy original video
by gamespy staff | pc special features | feb 20, 2013 5:45 pm | 0 comments
something far more insidious than the ceph and cell lurks in the post-apocalyptic battleground of new york city. there's only one thing for prophet to do: wipe them all out and take the city back. read more »



torment: tides of numenera gets new website
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 20, 2013 12:35 pm | 0 comments
what's another word for torture? one that implies that something is just out of reach, and is aggravating us to no end?  read more »



impire review
by leif johnson | pc reviews | feb 20, 2013 12:16 pm | 0 comments
you know things are bad when you start to sympathize with hellspawn. at first i acknowledged my in-game avatar, demon lord of the depths baal-abaddon, only with the intended smirks and half-laughs warranted by his dialog. but in time i came to feel a kinship with him as we braved impire's clumsy micromanagement in search of hard-won glory. "tedious," he'd exclaim, and i'd find myself mouthing the words along with him. "life: what's the point, anyway?" he'd ask, and i found myself asking the same question about our progress. by the sixth hour, i was sure we were both in a place where we didn't want to be, but no matter how repetitive or boring the circumstances became, i could take comfort in the knowledge that my new scaly friend and i were in this mess together. read more »



here's what obsidian's cancelled rpg aliens: crucible looked like 
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 20, 2013 12:03 pm | 0 comments
so, we didn't like aliens: colonial marines. nor did most other people. but what if there had been another aliens game entirely? what if obsidian had made an rpg in the aliens universe? well, thanks to this leaked footage of a very early prototype of aliens: crucible, we're lucky enough to see more or less what that would have looked like.  read more »



amnesia: a machine for pigs due out this summer
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 20, 2013 11:09 am | 0 comments
for me, summertime is about one thing: grillin' up some delicious, delicious meat. pork is among my favorites. however, i suspect that amnesia: a machine for pigs won't exactly whet my appetite for bbq. the sequel to the amazing amnesia: the dark descent is officially due out this summer. read more »



firefall trailer, open beta take to the sky
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 20, 2013 10:43 am | 0 comments
r. kelly would be proud of firefall. rather than just accept that the shooter's players would be stuck to the ground, they believed they could fly. with jetpacks. those tend to help. this new trailer shows off a bit of what's possible with the things strapped to your back. read more »



rewrite! how aliens: colonial marines seriously screws up alien lore
by mike sharkey | pc articles | feb 20, 2013 10:29 am | 0 comments
according to 20th century fox and gearbox, aliens: colonial marines is part of the official alien series canon. that means the disastrously bad shooter, which takes place shortly after the end of 1986's aliens, has ramifications on 1992's alien 3 and 1997's alien resurrection (which didn't do the lore any favors either). major ones. aliens: colonial marines' storyline features some lore-breaking elements that directly contradict major events from the films and makes me wonder if fox and gearbox (or timegate, or whoever actually developed the campaign) even understand what "canon" means. here are my three biggest problems with this incredibly damaging new version of the alien lore. note: we're about to delve into major spoiler territory. read more »



mojang, humble bundle launch mojam game jam
by mike sharkey | pc news | feb 20, 2013 9:10 am | 0 comments
commence game jam! commence mojam! minecraft studio mojang, a group of indie studios, and the folks behind the humble bundle have teamed up for mojam 2, a 78-hour game jam that starts right now. watch along via twitchtv and be prepared to pay what you want for any new pixelated creations that catch your eye. read more »



square enix teases new mystery game, murdered: soul suspect
by mike sharkey | pc news | feb 20, 2013 7:28 am | 0 comments
oh, hello there, new game from square enix. didn't see you lurking in the shadows back there. love the name of your website, "www.murdered.com," but based on your quick cgi teaser trailer, i have no clue what you are, exactly. an unromantic videogame spin on patrick swayze's seminal work, ghost, perhaps? whatever it is, i'm interested in learning more about murdered: soul suspect. read more »



battlefield 4 reveal today?
by mike sharkey | pc news | feb 20, 2013 6:50 am | 0 comments
ea and dice kinda sorta announced battlefield 4 back in july when they were shilling for medal of honor warfighter. preorder warfighter, get access to the bf4 beta, the deal went. seven months later, it appears we're finally about to learn more about the next installment in the shooter franchise, because ea and dice are now showing off battlefield 4 behind closed doors and an official reveal appears imminent. read more »



space combat goes hardcore 
by andy mahood | pc articles | feb 19, 2013 2:44 pm | 0 comments
despite the popularity of '90s classics like wing commander, x-wing vs tie fighter, and freespace, the combat space sim genre has been as dormant as a white dwarf for more than a decade. thanks to crowdfunding sites like kickstarter, however, there may be some light at the end of the wormhole for luke skywalker and buck rogers wannabes. read more »



port authority: crysis 3
by matthew rorie | pc articles | feb 19, 2013 1:40 pm | 0 comments
the original crysis was one of the most graphically intensive games ever released on the pc, pushing the boundaries of what most graphics cards could handle even years after it arrived. crytek's continuing to live on the edge with the release of crysis 3, which thankfully ships with a much broader suite of graphical options than crysis 2 originally possessed. read more »



the first chapter of the tyranny of king washington dlc available now
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 19, 2013 12:36 pm | 0 comments
like any red-blooded american, i am genetically required to hate anyone who takes the label of "king" for themselves. we like to call those folks "tyrants" around these parts. as such, i've found myself clicking my way over to steam to pick up the new assassin's creed 3 dlc, the tyranny of king washington episode 1: the infamy. now if you'll excuse me, i've got shackles to throw off. read more »



a valley without wind 2 is out, free for those who own the first game
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 19, 2013 11:25 am | 0 comments
i love the generosity of many indie developers. they really just want you to play their games. the latest in this trend of giving devs is arcen games, the team behind a valley without wind. as of today, they've launched a valley without wind 2, and are giving it away for free to anyone who purchased the first game. read more »










outstanding: starcraft universe launches 
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 19, 2013 10:22 am | 0 comments
remember world of starcraft? how about starcraft universe? if you remember one of those, you remember them both, because they're the same game, just renamed after some legal disputes with blizzard. even if you don't, you may be excited to know that an early version of the  "mmo-style rpg" mod for starcraft 2 is out on battle.net, as kotaku reports. read more »



march of the eagles enters the battlefield
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 19, 2013 9:58 am | 0 comments
here's one thing i won't be doing in march of the eagles, which launches today: invading russia. i remember my history classes, and that never ends well. there's way too many people there, it's way too cold, and my napoleonic-era soldiers aren't anywhere near ready for that sort of fight. i think i'll go ahead and let them do their own thing while i take the rest of europe. read more »



nvidia's gtx titan is crazy fast, costs $1k
by mike sharkey | pc news | feb 19, 2013 7:41 am | 0 comments
from case to cpu, my pc ran me roughly $1,200, so it's safe to say i'm not exactly the target consumer for nvidia's new monster of a gpu, the $1,000 geforce gtx titan. still, i can't help but salivate over the new card nvidia says it designed for "gaming supercomputers." read more »



blizzcon 2013 set for november
by mike sharkey | pc news | feb 19, 2013 7:11 am | 0 comments
blizzcon is back. blizzard unexpectedly canceled its annual show last year to focus on actually making games, much to the chagrin of purple-painted night elves everywhere. the convention hiatus will end in november when blizzard opens the doors to the anaheim convention center for the seventh blizzcon. read more »



crysis 3 review
by matthew rorie | pc reviews | feb 19, 2013 6:00 am | 0 comments
let's get this clear up front: crysis 3 is a better first-person shooter than crysis 2 in almost every way. gameplay is more robust and varied, the storytelling is more mature, and it's often visually stunning. unfortunately, it's also not very ambitious: it leans heavily on ideas already established by better games, and as such isn't an especially remarkable experience. its reach might exceed its grasp in a few key areas, but crysis 3 is still a largely enjoyable excuse to take a trip to post-apocalyptic new york.  read more »



bioshock infinite's elizabeth gets stormy 
by mike sharkey | pc news | feb 19, 2013 5:39 am | 0 comments
gamers have learned not to expect much from co-op ai companions. keep up, don't block doorways, and throw out the occasional one-liner is about the best we can hope for. irrational games will attempt to raise the co-op ai bar with its time-and-space-tearing partner, elizabeth, in bioshock infinite, and as the latest trailer demonstrates, she will, at the very least, pack a powerful punch. and by "punch" i mean "tornado controlling super power." read more »



players demanded these changes to far cry 3
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 18, 2013 2:10 pm | 0 comments
one of my biggest problems with far cry 3 is the complete disappearance of enemies in areas where i've cleared outposts. i really like the sense of constant danger their presence provides. it seems that others feel the same way, as ubisoft is implementing a patch that will allow us to reset every last one of them, a feature apparently requested heavily by players. oh, and there's some other stuff too. read more »



blade symphony hacking and slashing onto steam
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 18, 2013 1:05 pm | 0 comments
it's a good time to be a fan of sword fighting in games. we've got chivalry: medieval warfare, war of the roses, and now blade symphony, as spotted by rock paper shotgun. while the former two are first-person "shooters," blade symphony seems to take the jedi knight ii: jedi outcast route to sword fighting goodness. that means flips, dives, and flying slashes. soon, all that goodness will be on steam.  read more »



save money: gog puts classics on sale
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 18, 2013 11:31 am | 0 comments
when i was but a young child, my father tried to make me understand the value of a dollar. i'll cut out the middle of the story, but the result of the lesson is my ability to wait until games are on sale before i buy them. this week, gog.com makes that waiting really pay off, because they're dropping the prices on a ton of classic games like myst: masterpiece edition, the incredible machine, and outcast. read more »



"everything has been redone" for dayz standalone
by taylor cocke | pc news | feb 18, 2013 10:22 am | 0 comments
look, dean "rocket" hall. we love dayz. we appreciate the mod, and think it's pretty great. you really didn't have to go through all this trouble of making the standalone product so darn awesome. the fact that you've been completely remaking the zombie survival shooter from the ground up is completely unnecessary. oh, you went ahead and did it anyway? well, you're just the best. read more »



show your metal: a new glimpse of grid 2
by katie williams | pc news | feb 17, 2013 6:44 pm | 0 comments
gosh -- the cars in the upcoming grid 2 are so exquisitely curved and shiny that i kind of want to stick my weathered old honda civic in there for "character." then again, i'm guessing my humble sedan can't rev quite like the babies in this new gameplay trailer do. read more »



total war: rome 2's next faction is the suebi tribe
by katie williams | pc news | feb 17, 2013 3:57 pm | 0 comments
i like how this faction-by-faction reveal of total war: rome 2 gets a little more barbaric each time. we've seen plush feathered headdresses devolve into ankle-tattoos-on-shields and now? people are totally wearing dogs on their heads. say hello to the suebi, a tribe so barbaric that they seem a-okay with sauntering into battle shirtless. read more »



a curious indie game has docked at pirate bay
by katie williams | pc news | feb 17, 2013 12:27 pm | 0 comments
huggable-looking 16-bit critters? yeah, that's not what i'd have expected to find on the front page of a certain famed torrent website either. yes, it's a videogame promo for zelda-esque indie adventure anodyne, but it's also sort of an interesting remark on the state of videogame piracy. read more »



break some hearts in ace of spades
by katie williams | pc news | feb 17, 2013 11:59 am | 0 comments
poor, poor ace of spades. the minecraft-meets-tf2 concept had such promise, but only managed to scrape up a poor-at-best rating in gamespy's review. will this gangster-themed "valentine's day massacre" dlc help at all in patching up our massacred hearts? read more »



friendship is magic: check out this heartwarming co-op game
by katie williams | pc news | feb 17, 2013 10:51 am | 0 comments
got four usb controllers lying around? good. grab (or make) some friends, too -- you'll need 'em all for moth kidz, a warm fuzzies-inducing indie adventure that explores the power of friendship. read more »









:: see more updates... 
gamespy complete rss feed:: more features...
:: more news...
:: more reviews...

























dispatches




facebook





follow @ gamespy











our latest big reviews




the war z
it left us feeling like we'd been mugged.

dmc: devil may cry
great action -- once it gets going.

bl2: sir hammerlock
pandora's toughest adventure yet!

far cry 3
a surprise hit in a tropical paradise.







special features





a shocking war z interview
false advertising, release shenanigans, and more.



8 surprises about playing bioshock infinite
how this fantastical shooter defies expectations.



what do mmos give us for free?
 swtor vs sto vs lotro



2 big social flaws of guild wars 2
what's creating a lonely feeling?



important pc shooters of 2012
a chronological journey.











hot games








overall
released
coming soon






pc



1
rise of nations


genre:
	strategy
release date:apr 15, 2003



2rise of nations: rise of legendspc
3skyrimpc
4diablo 3pc
5grid 2pc
6rome: total warpc
7saints row 3pc
8path of exilepc
9batman: arkham citypc
10the war zpc



:: more games...






pc



1
rise of nations


genre:
	strategy
release date:apr 15, 2003



2rise of nations: rise of legendspc
3skyrimpc
4diablo 3pc
5grid 2pc
6rome: total warpc
7saints row 3pc
8path of exilepc
9batman: arkham citypc
10the war zpc



:: more games...






x360



1
state of decay


genre:
	action
release date:jun 29, 2013



2planetside 2pc
3wildstarpc
4duels of the planeswalkers 2014x360
5happy warspc
6alien -- rpg projectpc
7marvel heroespc
8total war: rome 2pc
9metal gear rising: revengeancepc
10battlefield 4pc



:: more games...




























ign
askmen
gamespy
1up
gamestats
giga.de
ugo
ipl



copyright 1996-2013, ign entertainment, inc.
                    an ign entertainment games site 

about us
advertise
contact us
press
careers
rss feeds


support
privacy policy
user agreement




adchoices



 























