








mountains-to-sea trail | north carolina













































 



skip to content








facebookinstagramyoutubeflickr 

subscribecontactmember login 














 the trailexplore the trailinteractive maptrail segmentstrail guidestrail updatesfaqsshuttle servicestrail angelsfuture plansreport trail issuesthe friendsaboutbusiness partnerstrail crew leadersannual meetingmst for allcontactget involvedbecome a membervolunteerbuy an mst license plateways to givesubscribechallengescompleting the entire mstmst completers40 hike challengemst junior explorermst birthdaynewsblogaway message podcastjulie “jester” gayheart podcastnewsletterseventsstoredonate 


search for:








the trailexplore the trailinteractive maptrail segmentstrail guidestrail updatesfaqsshuttle servicestrail angelsfuture plansreport trail issuesthe friendsaboutbusiness partnerstrail crew leadersannual meetingmst for allcontactget involvedbecome a membervolunteerbuy an mst license plateways to givesubscribechallengescompleting the entire mstmst completers40 hike challengemst junior explorermst birthdaynewsblogaway message podcastjulie “jester” gayheart podcastnewsletterseventsstoredonate 


search for:








 















home2025-01-17t16:19:31-05:00 
2025 gathering of friends
march 21-23, 2025

outer banks, north carolina
register now!read the latest on hurricane helene recovery, trail reopening and volunteer opportunities >
the mountains-to-sea trail is north carolina’s state hiking trail.
it stretches 1175 miles from the great smoky mountains to the outer banks, stopping at many of our state’s most beautiful places along the way.
what is the mst? the mountains-to-sea trail is as diverse as north carolina. along the trail, you may see mountain vistas, rolling piedmont farms, picture postcard colonial towns, weathered tobacco barns, old textile villages, country churches, rushing mountain streams, coastal swamps, hardwood and pine forests, lighthouses, sand dunes, miles of seashore, and friendly people. 725 miles of the route are on trail, and connecting backroads and an optional paddle route allow hikers to trek across the state.
what can the mst mean to you? it may mean a short walk with your family near your home.  it may mean a weekend backpacking trip with friends. or it may mean a challenging, inspiring trek of 1175 miles across north carolina.  however you experience the mountains-to-sea trail, the beauty of north carolina will fill you with wonder and joy.
friends of the mountains-to-sea trail is the growing community of members and volunteers who support the trail, an official unit of the north carolina state park system. we work statewide building and maintaining trail, encouraging communities to create new sections of trail, and helping people hike it. you can get involved and help support the trail.
upcoming events








			feb		

			22		








9:00 am - 11:00 am 



		naturalist walk – spring wildflower progression along the elkin nature trails	










			feb		

			22		








9:00 am - 2:00 pm 



		eno river section trail workday	










			feb		

			23		








9:00 am - 2:00 pm 



		eno river section: special invasive plant removal workdays	










			mar		

			1		








9:00 am - 2:00 pm 



		eno river section: special invasive plant removal workdays	









		view calendar	

















mountainstoseatrail
the mst runs 1175 miles from the great smokies to the outer banks, through beauty and diversity of nc’s lands and culture. #mountainstoseatrail #ncmst








there were many people behind the mst working on t


 





trail maintenance tuesday!

a heartfelt thank you 


 





a huge thank you to our friends at the carolina mo


 





if you're out on the trail this weekend in the blu






did you know that anyone who uses a chainsaw for t


 





great news via nc state parks!

"the wait is final


 





in our first look behind the mst, where we take a 


 





here is a scene you don't see everyday...

the eas






we are less than two months away from the 2025 gat






did you know that today is national pie day?

neit


 





do you ever wonder about the people behind the mou


 





did you know that today is national sticker day?




 


 


load more






 follow on instagram










 
 
start exploring north carolina – one step at a time.





 











3509 haworth drive, suite 210, raleigh, nc  27609
919.825.0297
contact us














subscribedonate






 

 
 
 





privacy policy | disclaimer | © 2025 friends of the mountains-to-sea trail. all rights reserved.	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 




i’d like to know what’s happening on the mst!
get one free trail guide download when you sign up.
 join the mailing list


			×			
























go to top



