



































































waco tribune-herald | breaking news | the waco tribune-herald is the central texas community's leading source for breaking news, local sports coverage and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















55°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



business



crime



nation & world



politics



state



education



local event photos



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



baylor



mcc



professional




lifestyles


arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



event calendar



dining



contests



comics



puzzles



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



archives



special sections



today's ads




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal



garage sale map




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









55°
cloudy
























        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            waco updates requirements for streets, drainage systems in new subdivision

new waco subdivision standards for streets and drainage are expected to raise the cost of new homes but lower long-term infrastructure maintenance costs.

















        
        
            bears can't complete comeback against efficient arizona

energy got the bears back in it, but baylor had already stumbled into another canyon against arizona, falling behind by as many as 14-points. but they couldn’t complete the comeback.

















        
        
            waco must read the fine print on sales tax rebate reflecting holiday spending

sales tax revenue reflecting holiday spending in waco, reported this month, shows a hefty increase compared to a year earlier.

















        
        
            waco may dip to 18 as 'life-threatening cold' hits parts of us

waco temperatures may dip to 18 this week, and some places nationwide are expecting record-lows.

















        
        
            high school playoffs: university survives thriller, china spring advances for showdown with la vega

central texas high school basketball playoffs have heated up, and monday night delivered some unforgettable moments.

















        
        
            la vega smothers hardin-jefferson, 61-29, cruises to regional final with china spring

hardin-jefferson hit a corner 3-pointer to cut la vega’s lead to six early in the second quarter.but la vega answered with a 10-0 run and hardin-jefferson couldn’t bounce back.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            bears can't complete comeback against efficient arizona


















        
        
            high school playoffs: university survives thriller, china spring advances for showdown with la vega


















        
        
            waco updates requirements for streets, drainage systems in new subdivision















                
                the latest



















        
        
            waco neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published today in waco tribune-herald. 




















        
        
            photos: protest in waco for presidents day

protesters opposed to the trump administration again gathered in waco on monday, presidents day, with about twice as many people taking part as a similar demonstration two weeks ago.




















        
        
            mike copeland: green and gold afar; worksite open; natural grocers; honey baked ham; sweet warehouse

a baylor university rundown identifies popular alumni cities. tstc's worksite is up and running. natural grocers' grand opening is wednesday. honey baked ham may return, and more waco-area business news.




















        
        
            waco-area news briefs: waco isd to hold public meetings on attendance zone changes

items of interest around the waco area, in brief.





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains




















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles




















        
        
            new affordable housing and community spaces coming to highbridge




















        
        
            baylor basketball (m): highlights vs. arizona | february 17, 2025












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            baylor men's golf tied for 17th after round one at the prestige

baylor men’s golf finished the opening round of the prestige tied for 17th after shooting a 6-over 290 on monday at the norman course at pga west.




















        
        
            baylor tennis rolls past brown, 6-1

no. 22 baylor women's tennis dominated brown, 6-1, winning the doubles point and taking five of six singles matches. the bears stay undefeated at home and face washington state next.




















        
        
            central texas high school basketball playoff pairings 2025

girls 




















        
        
            baylor to welcome utsa for first midweek test

fresh off an offense-fueled opening weekend, baylor baseball hosts utsa in its first midweek contest of the 2025 season on tuesday at baylor ballpark.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            how kitchen cabinet refacing can transform your space on a budget

contributor content. this step-by-step guide takes you through the technique of cabinet refacing, showing how to achieve a stunning new kitchen without the hefty price tag.












contributor








        
        
            7 colossal mistakes people make when applying for jobs

contributor content. if you’re struggling to land a job offer, it’s important to identify potential errors in your job search process. 












contributor








        
        
            waco’s urban growth: challenges and opportunities for residents

contributor content. waco, texas, is undergoing a dynamic transformation.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            westview nursery



                                        po box 7052, waco, tx 76710
                                    






















        
        
            tri co guttering



                                        286 lady bird rd, woodway, tx 76712
                                    






















        
        
            1st university credit union



                                        24 la salle ave, waco, tx 76706
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

event calendar

newsletter sign-up

business directory

rack locations

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

e-tearsheet signup

e-invoices

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        waco tribune-herald, po box 2588 waco, tx 76702-2588
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































