









craft supplies ranging from the usual to the not so usual for your crafting needs.



































  


quality craft supplies ranging from the usual to the not so usual, delivered to your doorexcellent customer service - fast shipping - online since 1994!


in business since 1985. online since 1994. we sincerely thank you for supporting family owned small businesses!
give us a call from 8am to 6pm mon-fri. we are available to answer questions or to take your order.(361) 645-3325







    
menu 


home
 craft supplies

basics
beads
belts
bolo supplies
clocks
cords
dolls
floral supplies
holiday
jewelry findings
kits
lamp & lighting
miniatures
music
party & shower supplies
patterns (free)
plastic canvas
rhinestones
sequin
sewing
windchimes
wooden
site map


what's new
 site helps

contact us
frequently asked questions
terms of service
information privacy policy
how to order
abbreviations & sizing information
print order form
testimonials
shipping information
site map










   
    


              search             















 -->
  


your online source for craft supplies, anytime, delivered to your door. we offer a wide variety of basic craft supplies, bolo making supplies, craft beads, jewelry making supplies, miniatures, floral supplies, plastic canvas, paper mache and so much more!
whether you are looking for the crafting supplies you need to complete your project or for project ideas, you have come to the right place.
our quality service will please you! better business bureau accredited with an a+ rating.
 

(a few of our)
        popular craft supply categories


resin valentine mini ornaments
acrylic heart pendant
valentine's day crafts and supplies

rhinestone heart bling
paper mache boxes
valentines decorations

easter crafts and decorations
beaded easter egg kits
mini cowboy hats

bolo supplies
faceted beads
beaded plant hangers

beaded angels
starflake beads
christmas tree kits

snowman parts & decorations
halloween & fall decorating
sun visors

beaded christmas tree topper
plastic canvas
wreath forms

beaded gift box kit
beads
craft cones

music boxes
rhinestones
clear fillable ornaments

metal rings
clothespins
floral accents

christmas spider ornament kits
craft sequins
angel kits

glitter!
beaded cross kit
pom poms

fillable clear ornaments
clock hands - clock arms
pony beads

craft mirrors
wooden pumpkin cutouts
pipe cleaners

dmc embroidery threads
craft sticks
doll eyes

bells
cords
miniatures

mini hats
burlap
jewelry charms

garden miniatures
canvas tote bags




as a family owned small business with an a+ rating at the better business bureau, craft supply depot & bj's craft supplies strive to make your shopping experience with us a great one!
read what many happy customers have to say.
craft supply depot & sister store, bj's craft supplies have been selling craft supplies since 1985. we began offering craft supplies online in 1994 and have been serving the online community ever since. we strive to give our customer the best experience possible and that includes being easy to communicate with. many online companies would prefer that you contact them by online methods only. not us! we always look forward to hearing from you. we are happy to talk to you and you won't have any trouble finding our  phone #, address, email or contact form (plus it is listed at the bottom of every page of our website). 
our slogan is "craft supplies ranging from the usual to the not so usual!". we offer a lot of the usual crafting supplies and we also offer unique supplies that you can't find anywhere else. looking for something you can't find anywhere? call us. maybe we can get it for you. looking for a color or size that you don't see on our site? perhaps we can get that too.
we have 2 different pages on facebook. one is a crafting group where we offer ideas and tips for crafting  (you should come join us) and folks share their crafts and ideas with us. we love to feature craft projects shared by our customers and group members too. do you have a craft project that you are proud of? let us know.
exciting news! bj's craft supplies now has a sister site, craft supply depot. same folks, same great service, just a new relationship.








menu

home
craft basics
beads
belt buckles
bolo making supplies
clock parts
cords
doll making supplies
floral
holiday crafts
instruction books
jewelry making supplies
kits
lamp & lighting
miniatures
music
party supplies
patterns (free)
plastic canvas menu
rhinestones
scrapbooking
sequins
sewing supplies
wind chimes and parts
wood
information and help

search this site
what's new 
site map
frequently asked questions
how to order
shipping rates
terms of service
sizing information
testimonials
privacy policy
print an order form
ask a question
contact us

craft supplies home








fun craft patterns
looking for patterns and ideas for your next craft project? 





chic clara's crafting corner
fun crafting projects blog with a unique name!





add your website link here.
add a permanent link to your craft related website on every page of our website. contact us for more details.





      





what is fast-track processing? 


 



other products available:

colorful embroidery thread



        choose from hundreds of colors of high quality dmc brand embroidery thread for your craft project.


wooden cutouts



        wooden craft cutouts in assorted shapes and sizes. 


metal lined large hole beads



        ceramic glass beads, with metal lined hole. these beads are hand made and no two are exactly the same. perfect for pandora style bracelets and necklaces.


bolo tips



        bolo tips in a variety of styles and sizes for you. a bolo just doesn't look finished without handsome tips on the ends of each tie. bolo tie tips serve the purpose of weighting your cord while it dresses up your wardrobe.


seed beads



        seed beads, e beads, rocaille beads in a variety of colors! tiny beads are great for jewelry making, indian accessories, accenting clothing or clothing accessories.











frequently asked questions
what's new
contact us


shipping information

print an order form


terms of service
abbreviations
site map


privacy policy
sizing information


how to order
testimonials
 search







   


© copyright, 1994-2025, bj's craft supplies, all rights reserved.   661 abrameit rd, goliad, tx  77963.click our phone number to call us at (361) 645-3325         
  0
   
  







 







