




















podiatrist in cortland and trumbull county, oh | northeast ohio foot, ankle & wound center inc



































































warren office  (330) 856-4444 





brookfield office  (330) 448-6222 





home
about

meet the doctor
our staff
testimonials
gallery
news


new patients

patient survey
online forms


appointments
services

achilles tendonitis
ankle sprains
arthritis
bunions
corns
diabetic foot care
hammertoes
heel spurs/plantar fasciitis
ingrown toenails
neuromas
toenail fungus
warts


contact

warren office
brookfield office


 














we welcome  new patients complete foot and ankle care 
 request an appointment today! 




 call warren office
 call brookfield office
request an appointment



 what to expect 



about us

			                	don’t live in pain! there are a number of causes for podiatric issues, please contact us today so we can identify the cause and solution for your particular problem! we want you to be walking, running, jumping and living the lifestyle you want to!			                
 read more 



new patients

			                	if you have never been to a podiatrist before, you may be nervous about your upcoming visit. don’t be! millions of people see podiatrists every year for help with their feet, ankles, and lower legs.
			                
 read more 



our services

			                	there are a variety of reasons why you may need to see a foot doctor. the musculoskeletal system of the feet, ankles, and lower legs involve many different parts that have to work together in unison to create smooth and pain-free movement.			                
 read more 


  request an appointment  






  request an appointment  

welcome to northeast ohio foot, ankle & wound center inc
are you looking for a foot doctor? pain and loss of function in our feet and ankles can be a huge obstacle, and we understand that getting your body back to normal is of the utmost importance to you.
that is why we offer the highest standard of care in podiatry. we seek to make your visit simple, stress-free, and effective! it is our goal to resolve your pain and function issues in a way that allows you to live the life you are accustomed to.
contact us today to learn more about podiatry or any specific conditions you may be experiencing. we’d be happy to speak with you and discuss your care!






 our services 





 ankle sprains 

										a sprained ankle occurs when you twist your ankle in an abnormal way causing the ligaments holding your ankle bones together to stretch or tear.									







 bunions 

										a bunion is a bony bump that forms on the joint at the base of your big toe.									







 diabetic foot care 

										daily preventative care can help you decrease your risk of developing these other serious conditions like ulcers and infections.									












kind words
 from our patients 




												dr lapolla is an awesome and cari g dr.
											

 lorraine r. 










												good. had my toenails cut. didn't have to wait long.
											

 rosemary a. 



















 warren office 


  phone 
(330) 856-4444


  address 
 howland 8588 east market stwarren oh 44484 




 brookfield office 


  phone 
(330) 448-6222


  address 
 7264 warren-sharon road, brookfield  trumbull county, oh 44403 




 get in touch 



name*phone*email*

message*please use this form for general information purposes only. do not send personal health information through this form. specific patient care must be addressed during your appointment.commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 




















				© copyright 2025. northeast ohio foot, ankle & wound center inc | sitemap | accessibility


website by doctor multimedia 



  text us 

























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










