






elementary, preschool, & daycare education resources for ages 3-11

































share on social media

twitter facebook

pinterest

linkedin

tumblr

reddit


email







skip to content































                                                vermont ss education                                            

 












                                        primary menu                                    


home
about us
educational resources

daycare
pre-school
elementary


contact us
 











search for:



 

















                                                vermont ss education                                            



learn more



contact us
















 

raining outside? try these 7 fun indoor activities with your preschoolers


rainy days can be long and tedious if you have preschoolers at home. children that age have a lot of energy, and it’s healthy for them to be active, both physically and mentally. sitting in front of the tv or playing on a tablet isn’t fit for preschoolers. try these seven fun indoor activities with your preschoolers.
1. coloring or art projects
coloring is a way for children to express their creativity and imagination. children can color with crayons, colored pencils, markers, or paint. you can let children color on a simple blank piece of paper to stimulate self-expression or have them color in a coloring book. coloring has many advantages, such as developing hand strength, fine motor skills, and learning to focus. crafts are also fun for children. many of these are available on pinterest or other websites.
2.     children’s yoga
yoga can provide many benefits for young children. it can help their strength, coordination, and flexibility. it can also give them a sense of calmness and relaxation. there’s a great website with information on children’s yoga.
3.     board games
many board games are fun and educational for children, such as the classic chutes and ladders or candyland. games can help children learn their colors and learn to count. they also help children learn patience and how to take turns, which are invaluable life skills. check out your local toy store, department store, or even look for second-hand games from friends or neighbors.
4.     physical games
many physical games give preschoolers exercise and also teach them life skills. games such as duck, duck, goose, or musical chairs get children up and running around. games such as simon says and red light, green light help children learn to listen and follow instructions. hide and seek, doing a scavenger hunt or an obstacle course, are also fun. there is an informative blog about children’s games and life skills.
5.     fantasy or creative play
it’s healthy for children to fantasy play. set the stage by encouraging them to dress up as one of their favorite princesses or superheroes and re-enact a scene they saw in a movie or heard in a book. or perhaps they want to play restaurant or with dolls.
6.     read a few books
reading to and with your preschoolers is one of the most important things you can do for them. always have books in your home, whether they’re books you own or books you get from the library. the national education association has tips for reading to preschoolers.
7.     play dough, clay or other molding materials
playing with play dough, clay, or other molding material is not only fun for children, but it enhances fine motor schools, develops hand and eye coordination, and can have a calming effect on children.
enjoy your rainy days with these fun activities for children. the days will go by much faster, and your children will learn and get exercise too.




 

5 things to ask when shopping for a daycare for your kids


finding a daycare to enroll your child or children into can be a task in and of itself. allowing someone else to care for your child and be the role model/teacher they learn from while not in your care is often overwhelming. going in armed with questions can often make it easier, though, to allow parents to know upfront what can be expected of both them and the daycare providers, as well as the children involved. many children spend a lot of time, learning and growing in a daycare setting, so starting on the right foot is a crucial step to take. meeting with the daycare’s leader/director ahead of time, to tour the facility and possibly meet staff can help to alleviate any concerns and allow questions answered before any final decisions are put into stone. 
aside from the obvious question that many starts off with – how much will the daycare charge, whether it be per hour, per day, or even per week? does this differ if more than one child per family is enrolled?
licensing & training
if it’s important to you that the daycare is licensed, this would be a good first question. is the daycare licensed? what certifications have they undergone? what education/certifications do specific teachers within the daycare have? what training does the daycare provide for its employees?
staff/children ratios
if more than one daycare teacher will be present, what is the teacher to student ratio? if it’s a larger sized daycare, finding out the number of children present on any given day could be significant. as well as the age range of children that will be together. 
scheduling
finding out what a typical daycare day looks like is essential to many parents. will there be any schedule followed? what is that schedule? are meals provided within this schedule? if there are no catered meals, are there any rules about what can or cannot be brought for the child(ren)? 
philosophies
what are the theories followed when it comes to caring for the children? how are behaviors, both good and bad, handled? what is the discipline process? for example, if your child bites, hits, or bullies another child, how will staff handle this? if temper tantrums are thrown?
policies
also, austin daycare casner academy (www.casnerchristian.org) suggests that parents ask what policies are required and followed. are you charged if you “call off” due to illness and keep your child home? what sort of security measures are followed to make sure all children and staff are kept safe? will staff administer medication if this is something that your child needs, whether it be an everyday thing or just as needed? do they practice open-door policies, in which parents can stop in anytime to visit or see how things are going?
these are just a few crucial questions that come in handy when finding a daycare that fits with what you may be looking for. all of these can help ease the minds of parents as they consider weighing options for finding the perfect fit.




 

six fantastic learning games for early elementary school children


learning games for elementary students can increase their understanding and retention of material, and it can also help them to engage with lessons and have fun while they learn. hopscotch the classic game of hopscotch is a very adaptable game that you can use to teach children material in many subjects. if you have very […]






 latest articles 

raining outside? try these 7 fun indoor activities with your preschoolers


5 things to ask when shopping for a daycare for your kids


six fantastic learning games for early elementary school children


 mess free coloring 




































                                copyright © 2025 | vermont ss education



privacy terms





















