








kaweah « the mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.



































kaweah
the mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.





search

 
homeabout
forums
jeffers

(summary)
works

works before tamar

flagons and apples (1912)
californians (1916)
god’s peace in november (unpublished, 1917–18)

fauna
mal paso bridge
to his father


brides of the south wind (1919–20)


tamar and other poems (1924)

continent’s end
tamar
to the stone-cutters


roan stallion, tamar, and other poems (1925)

roan stallion
night
boats in a fog
autumn evening
birds
shine, perishing republic
phenomena


the women at point sur (1927)

apology for bad dreams (1926)
the women at point sur


cawdor and other poems (1928)

the summit redwood
cawdor
fawn’s foster mother
contrast
ascent to the sierras
tor house
hurt hawks


works published from 1929 to 1937

dear judas and other poems (1929)

the loving shepherdess


descent to the dead (1931)

shane o’neill’s cairn
in the hill at new grange
the giant’s ring
antrim
the low sky
iona: the graves of the kings
shakespeare’s grave


thurso’s landing and other poems (1932)

thurso’s landing
the place for no story
fire on the hills
november surf
the bed by the window
new mexican mountain
new mexican mountain


give your heart to the hawks and other poems (1933)

give your heart to the hawks


solstice and other poems (1935)

rock and hawk
ave caesar
love the wild swan
return


such counsels you gave to me and other poems (1937)

the purse-seine
oh lovely rock




works published after 1937

the selected poetry of robinson jeffers (1938)

shiva


be angry at the sun (1941)

mara
watch the lights fade


the double axe (1948)

cassandra (1944)
the eye
the inquisitors
the love and the hate
the inhumanist
advice to pilgrims
pearl harbor
dawn
the king of beasts
original sin
wilson in hell (1942)
what odd expedients


hungerfield and other poems (1954)

hungerfield
carmel point
de rerum virtute
the deer lay down their bones


posthumous

birds and fishes
vulture
“i have been warned”




selected lyrics
selected narratives


commentary

influences

influencers
stressed verse
america unrhymed
yeats unrhymed (before 1922)
sources




history

biography

house and tower
the artist as a young man
renaissance
war & leisure
the war dividend
metric of stone
stone prophet
fame and distraction
armageddon, act ii
descent to the dead
the bed by the window


chronologies

carmel timeline, 1880–1899
carmel timeline, 1900–1909
carmel timeline, 1910 to 1913
carmel timeline, 1914 to 1919
tor house timeline


poetry pertaining to robinson jeffers

tor house at dusk


people


links


mazda
sierra
work






post navigation
← older posts




the big merge


apr6


			by kaweah 



in the interest of simplifying my life, i have begun to merge my three websites into one.
in the process, some of the content of my old bahá’í site idol chatter will be abandoned, but what i consider worthwhile has been retained, however bahá’í content is not linked as prominently as it was before.
as it is, this site includes ninety posts on the bahá’í faith. the ancient fbi (forum for bahá’í investigations) site will be available indefinitely, however, i don’t intend to link it to a menu.
the other site that i am merging into kaweah.com is my proof-of-concept robinson jeffers site, the inhumanist. i plan to spend more time enhancing and cleaning up this content, but i don’t have time to manage a separate site indefinitely.
i apologize for all the inconvenience of broken links, lost content, and broken image links. i’ve already cleaned up much of the mess, and i plan to do more in the future.
i expect the two old sites to be available until the end of 2023.



leave a comment
posted in bahá'í, robinson jeffers




hockett trail: cottonwood creek revisited


mar2


			by kaweah 



old trail accounts from the sierra club bulletin appear to indicate that the old hockett trail may have followed little cottonwood creek.
back in january 2009, i posted a brief discussion on a letter or note in volume iii of the sierra club bulletin, dated 1899–1900. i think a passage from that letter calls for some reconsideration:

from round valley down to where it leaves the little cottonwood the old hockett trail is almost untraveled. the shorter route now in use leaves the valley at the lower end, drops over the big cottonwood, descends this past an old sawmill, and crosses to the little cottonwood, which it reaches about fifty yards below where it rejoins the old trail, at the foot of the devil’s ladder.
e. b. c., sierra club bulletin, vol. iii., no. 2, may 1900
this apparent “letter to the editor” describes a new trail, more commonly traveled than the “old hockett trail.” the letter implies that the old trail went from round valley (below trail pass) to little cottonwood creek, followed and then left the little cottonwood, perhaps, not far from where horseshoe meadows road crosses the little cottonwood today.
continue reading → 

leave a comment
posted in hockett trail




et uundgåeligt fald


nov4


			by kaweah 



tilbage i det 5. århundrede e.v.t. var der ikke noget danmark. skandinavien var analfabeter og forhistorisk. de sydlige dele af skandinavien havde imidlertid været i kontakt med det romerske imperium i århundreder, og selvom de ikke var civiliserede, havde de materielle fordele ved handel og alliancer med rom. det ser dog ud til, at tingene begyndte at røre i de skandinaviske lande, der var tættest på civilisationen. der blev hørt rygter om et ekspansionistisk folk kaldet dani, der, som man troede, kom fra det land, der i dag er kendt som sverige. dette er svært at underbygge, skønt mit y-dna ser ud til at vise en passage fra halland (sverige) til jylland (danmark) inden for de sidste 1800 år eller deromkring, så jeg ville ikke blive overrasket over at finde ud af, at den dani virkelig kom fra sverige. men vi skal huske, at der ikke var noget sverige på det tidspunkt. alle disse navne kan være meget vildledende. deres betydninge kan ændre sig med et hjerteslag, så meget mere i tusind år.
continue reading → 

leave a comment
posted in scandanavia




tysk danmark


nov3


			by kaweah 



da min farfar var en ung soldat i danmark, det tyske imperium strakte sig langt op på jyllands hals som en strangulerende karikatur af en turtleneck. farfar havde allerede tjent i den danske hær før første verdenskrig, og han blev tilbagekaldt, efter at krigen brød ud. danmark var selvfølgelig en neutral nation, og vi kan se med tilbageblik, at kaiseren ikke valgte at krænke danmarks neutralitet. ikke desto mindre forlod farfar danmark til amerika, så snart hans anden tilmelding var overstået.
det tyske imperium blev besejret, og takket være den berygtede versailles-traktat blev den nordlige tredjedel af slesvig returneret til danmark efter 56 års besættelse. nogle gange spekulerer jeg på, om farfar ville have forbliver i danmark, hvis han havde vidst, at tingene ville ende så godt. selvfølgelig havde han været nødt til at udholde den nazistisk besættelse, men han ville have været ældre dengang. alligvel var han en uægte søn af bønder, og som sådan skammede hans mor sig for at anerkende hans eksistens. farfars far var immigreret til amerika, da farfar var et spædbarn. danmark gav den stakkels bastard ikke meget at tabe.
continue reading → 

leave a comment
posted in scandanavia




skånskere og jyder


oct18


			by kaweah 



i1 (m253) haplogruppen ser ud til at repræsentere skandinaviske folk godt. regioner har tendens til at blive identificeret som skandinaviske, hvor mindst 25% af de testede mennesker matcher m253:

sverige (33%+)
norge (25%+)
sjælland (35–40%)
vestlige finland (25-38%)
fyn (~30%)
jylland (25-30%)
den tysk østersøkyst (~26%)

i1 menes at have dannet sig for 25 til 30 tusind år siden. det gør det alt for gammelt til at have dannet sig i skandinavien. danmark blev isfrit for 22 til 17 tusind år siden. sverige og norge måtte vente endnu længere.
continue reading → 

leave a comment
posted in scandanavia




mit dansk projekt


sep27


			by kaweah 



hej, mine imaginære danske venner! fra og med i dag planlægger jeg at genoplive min blog, men jeg vil skriver på dansk kun. dette projekts formål er, at jeg skal øve mig på skrevet dansk.
min første oplevelse med dansk var at lytte til min bedstefar synge ride ride ranke, mens jeg hoppede på hans knæ. jeg fik at vide om dette. jeg var for ung til at huske.
bedstefar jensen blev lammet af et slagtilfælde, da jeg var en dreng. jeg huske ikke, at jeg nogensinde har talt med ham.
næste gang jeg stødte på det danske sprog, søgte jeg efter min bedstefars danske familie i danske kirkebøger og folketællinger. jeg fandt dem omkring tyve år senere.
jeg lærte lidt dansk i 2019, mens jeg forberedte mig på mit første besøg i danmark. under besøget mødte jeg mine danske næstfætre. jeg kan ikke huske, at jeg nogensinde har modtaget sådan en velkomst!
i denne blog håber jeg at skrive om danmarks historie og geografi som en øvelse i at lære disse emner, men også som en øvelse i at lære dansk.
©2020 kaweah (dan jensen)


leave a comment
posted in scandanavia




i’ve still got it.


sep27


			by kaweah 



well this statistical curiosity of mine somehow switched on email notifications for my old, much-neglected reddit account, so i received a notice from reddit concerning the passing of dr. farzam arbab. i clicked the link, saw a few comments, and added my own:

a little while later, i received a second notification, which led to this:
continue reading → 

leave a comment
posted in bahá'í




social nutworks


sep25


			by kaweah 



i’ve been neglecting this blog again. lately i just can’t find much to report or comment upon. the bahá’í community seems to have gone quiet. maybe i’ll collect some social networking numbers to maybe measure some signs of life?
let’s look at reddit, that is, subreddit membership.
continue reading → 

leave a comment
posted in bahá'í, religion




glory days


oct29


			by kaweah 



bahá’ís around the world are presently celebrating the bicentenary of the birth of one of their two founding prophets. on such an auspicious occasion, it is perhaps meet and seemly to bring thyself to account—so to speak.
when i left the bahá’í faith in may 1988, things looked pretty good for “the faith,” though some folks could see the moon of fundamentalism on the rise. still, on the up-side, resurgent persecution of bahá’ís in iran had given the the faith a new burst of media exposure. that majestic lotus temple had recently been completed, and the bahá’í firmament still had its stars, though they may have been fading.
continue reading → 

leave a comment
posted in bahá'í
tagged ao 



a call from home


sep24


			by kaweah 




27 june 2018
when i get home i’ll see you there through the entry window, at the heart of the floor, sleep-watching the stairs, on watch for blurs through your cloudy cataracts, on watch for me in your dreams.
 continue reading →


leave a comment
posted in personal, verse
tagged death, dogs 


post navigation
← older posts





america
ao
apostates
armenia
beauty
bukowski
calendar
california
death
demons
dogs
doom
eco
fire
geology
growth
guy murchie
heraclitus
hiking
history
homosexuality
idols
iran
islam
jeffers
jesus
laughs
marriage
peace
philosophy
poetry
principles
prophecy
raptors
redwoods
science
seeker
sheep
sierra
skeptic
sport
thoreau
trout
vultures
zarathustra

recent posts
the big merge
hockett trail: cottonwood creek revisited
et uundgåeligt fald
tysk danmark
skånskere og jyder



recent comments
kaweah on hotel jerichokaweah on hotel jerichotamara d dean on hotel jerichotamara d dean on hotel jerichofrank winters on the face of god




categories
 bahá'í

dixie

hockett trail

igneous range

men without fear

personal

politics

religion

robinson jeffers

scandanavia

uncategorized

verse






proudly powered by wordpress | theme: quintus by wordpress.com.		





