




artists for a better world international – creating a better world through aesthetics




























































skip to content



















home
mail art
about
news
contact
 









search





























toggle menu






















artists for a better world international




get your mail art on tv

learn more








get the art line (free)



subscribe to the “art line” and receive updates on free participatory art projects, including mail art and writing/poetry.
you’ll also receive the historical source of creativity, which traces the legacy of art, imagination, creativity and genius, as well as the concepts of the spirit and god, from ancient greece to the age of enlightenment. you’ll receive this research essay as soon as you subscribe.
artists for a better world international advocates for global artists to use their abilities to benefit the world around them in whatever ways they can.





about: artists for a better world int







afabw int is open to artists and art enthusiasts of all races, religions, nationalities, creeds and cultures who share our 3 beliefs: (read more).









every art movement explained in 8 minutesjanuary 18, 2025 – los angeles: this video outlines the most influential art movements in history. here are some of…
2024 year in reviewdecember 30, 2024 – los angeles: artists for a better world international is wrapping up our 25th year of serving…
how renaissance artists were traineddecember 10, 2024 – los angeles: have you ever wondered how iconic artists like michelangelo and leonardo da vinci learned…
malaysian mail artistnovember 30, 2024 – los angeles: luqman rosnan is one of the featured mail artists selected for the artists for…























homeaboutnews
 







what is mail art?
mail art archives
art line

 






contactprivacyterms of use
 













© 2000 - 2025 artists for a better world international
 













 












home
mail art
about
news
contact
 
















toggle menu close
 




search for:



search
 




