





los angeles mold testing,los angeles mold inspection,los angeles certified mold inspectors




















isct
 


home
about us
services
why test?
products
careers














please enter your question below and click "start chat"
enter your question...




check out isct mold testing on yelp
call us today!
                  800-386-6653
                  310-464-3946
                  714-681-1282









welcome to los angeles mold inspection

					mold inspection, mold testing for toxic mold, black mold, test for mold
					
is it toxic mold? black mold? should you worry?

					the isct mold inspection network provides on-call mold testing services 7 days a week. since 1997, we have earned a reputation for honesty, integrity, ethics and premium customer service. because of this, we have become one of the largest mold inspection companies in the nation. with a network of mold inspector employees and affiliates located throughout the united states, we have the resources, manpower, equipment, and expertise to help you with your mold testing needs and get the job done - quickly and efficiently. you want to get quick results in order to get a plan of action ready, we can steer you in the right direction. let us help you with your mold testing / mold detection needs.
					
					we test for mold, give expert advice on getting mold remediated, but for ethical reasons do not perform mold remediation- we consider it a conflict of interest. from the time we arrive, we are surveying your home for "mold hot spots" most mold inspectors use inspection tools such as an infrared cameras and moisture meters to efficiently detect areas where mold could grow, these tools have become the scientific standard for monitoring, detecting, and controlling moisture. moisture is needed for mold growth. we charge a fee of $100.00-$150.00 for a thorough visual mold inspection, the mold testing fee's are based on how many air quality tests (spore traps) or culture swab's taken. $75.00 each and includes a comprehensive detailed report from an aiha accredited lab.
					
					from the time you call and speak with one of our customer service phone representatives, you will be impressed with our knowledge, attention and eagerness to provide you with a solution to your potential mold problem. our mold inspectors will recommend the best area to take a mold test, or multiple areas. air and surface samples are examined under a microscope by highly trained lab technicians, who then tell you exactly what types of molds they find and the concentration of each. your report from the laboratory will help you understand what those results mean to you, in fact, unlike many other mold testing companies, most of the lab's that we send your sample to will answer your questions or explain your results if needed.
					
100% customer satisfaction on each and every job is expected out of each of our employees and affiliates. in fact, each isct employee or must obtain a filled-out customer satisfaction form upon completion of their inspection, ensuring that each customer is completely happy with the quality and service of the inspector.
tweets by @isct18003866653


 
 



contact us
mold glossary
renter's information
mold removal







    
					  
      




follow isct inc's board mold glossary on pinterest.

 


 

 


los angeles mold inspection :: mold testing los angeles, ca
detroit mold inspection :: mold testing detroit, mi
san francisco mold inspection :: mold testing san francisco, ca
mold inspection :: mold testing
indianapolis mold inspection :: mold testing indianapolis, in
miami mold inspection :: mold testing miami, fl
new york mold inspection nyc :: brooklyn mold testing nyc
flood damage service chicago,il :: water damage restoration chicago
water damage naperville, il :: water damage restoration wilmette, il
water damage restoration arlington heights :: water damage highland park, il
certified mold inspection ::certified mold inspector
water damage chicago :: chicago water damage service, il
chicago mold inspection :: mold testing chicago,il
chicago,il mold inspection :: mold testing chicago,il
mold inspection marietta,ga:: mold testing marietta,ga
marietta,ga mold inspection :: mold testing marietta,ga
mold inspection beverly hills,ca:: mold testing beverly hills,ca
beverly hills mold inspection ::beverly hills,ca mold testing
boca raton mold inspection :: mold testing boca raton
miami mold inspection :: mold testing miami
boca raton mold inspection :: mold testing boca raton
palm beach mold inspection :: mold testing palm beach
miami mold inspection :: mold testing miami
mold inspection :: mold testing
miami mold inspection :: mold testing miami
mold inspection :: mold testing
mold inspection :: us mold








 


about us
 why test?
careers
contact us
links
mold testing chicago
mold inspection chicago
chicago mold inspection
mold testing atlanta
mold inspection atlanta


copyright © 2011 isct. all rights reserved.


 

get in touch
feel free to call or email us with any questions or concerns you may have.
(800) 386-6653
(714) 681-1281




