









gold eagle




































































































 




 























 



















skip to main content



close x


search for:



 search now 



 close 





 





toggle search form













toggle navigation
menu











search for:



 search now 



 close 






all products
automotive
home care
marine
outdoor power equipment
private brands
discover
about us

dealer portal
private brands
contract packaging
international
privacy policy
  close




sta-bil®
303®
trinova®
heet®
104+® performance












driven by legacy: the road to pebble
driven by legacy: the road to pebble explores what it takes to restore one of the world’s rarest cars for the renowned pebble beach concours d’elegance. watch to learn why this custom packard is so special, how the lavines have built a world-class business in rural indiana, and what makes pebble the most prestigious car show in the world 
watch now













303® car care: detail. drive. repeat.
take a deep dive into detailing cool cars with amazing stories in this web series presented by 303®!
watch the web series now














driven by quality
at 303® products, our standards are high and our attention to detail is meticulous. that’s why our entire lineup of cleaners, protectants, detailers, and accessories are premium-level quality. get to where you want to go and do it in style.
learn more













303® ultra suds ceramic wash
elevate your car wash routine with 303 ultra suds ceramic wash. the ultimate choice for those who are looking for a combination of unbeatable protection, stunning shine, and the convenience of one product that does it all
learn more














when you store, start with sta-bil
when it’s time to store your cars, boats, or equipment– start with sta-bil®, america’s #1 fuel stabilizer. gas goes bad in as little as 30 days. sta-bil® prevents that, keeping fuel fresh and preventing gum and varnish from forming while engines sit idle.
learn more














powered by plants
are you looking for all-natural cleaning products that actually do what they claim on the bottle? trinova® has eco-friendly homecare solutions that will please even the toughest critics.
learn more













now streaming: driv[h]er
experience the respective journeys of kelsey rowlings and sally mcnulty, two motorsports athletes who are inspiring a new generation to get under the hood, behind the wheel, and compete on the racetrack.
watch driv[h]er: inspiring women in motorsports













lsi joins gold eagle company family
lubrication specialties inc. (lsi) is officially part of gold eagle company as of july 5, 2022. read about the acquisition and watch a summary video explaining the details.
learn more







previous slide
next slide
slide 0slide 1slide 2slide 3slide 4slide 5slide 6slide 7
pause










featured products


sta-bil® fuel stabilizer


america’s #1 fuel stabilizer treatment
keeps fuel fresh for long term storage – up to 24 months
eliminates the need to drain fuel prior to storage
ensures quick, easy starts by preventing gum and varnish build-up*
effective in ethanol and non-ethanol gasoline
for use in all gasoline engines such as vehicles, motorcycles, two-cycle, small engines, generators, and boats


purchase on amazon.com


303® graphene nano spray coating™


1+ year of premium protection
lowers surface temperature, reducing water-spotting
high water contact angle, sheds water quickly
can be applied on black paint or in direct sunlight
great for use on chrome, wheels, trim, and glass
15.5 oz bottle


purchase on amazon.com


trinova® natural multi-surface cleaner


a safe, all-natural cleaner powered by plants
all-purpose formula makes it versatile enough to use on all kinds of spills and stains
tough on grease and grime
works effectively on most surfaces, including glass, tile, floors, countertops, and more
contains a natural aromatic scent made from white tea and thyme extract

2 pack – 32 fl oz/946 ml (64 oz)

purchase on amazon.com


sta-bil® sport bike chain cleaner and lubricant


keeps bikes performing like new
prevents rust
also works on cables and derailleurs
cleans and lubes in 1 step
premium lubricant and is biodegradable
made in the usa


purchase on amazon.com














featured brands



learn more





learn more





learn more





learn more















driven to protect & preserve the things you love
whether you’re an avid boater, collect antique vehicles, or obsess over keeping stainless steel free from smudges, we have products that will exceed your expectations.  but we don’t only make cleaners, protectants, and additives for the obsessive types.  gold eagle company is committed to guaranteeing the satisfaction of every person who wants to take care of their most prized possessions.
shop marineshop automotiveshop home care


























sign up for our newsletter













about gold eagle


about us
tips & tools
careers
our team
product ingredient disclosure
 

dealer portal
private brands
contract packaging
international
privacy policy
 



how can we help?
consumer support
returns & exchanges
shipping policy
terms & conditions
sds / certifications
 

contact us
4400 s kildare ave
chicago, il 60632
technical support: 800.367.3245
corporate: 773.376.4400






facebook





youtube





instagram





linkedin












© copyright 2025 gold eagle



























































