












 



nature's recipe wet & dry dog food
































































skip to main content












dog recipes

by type 




dry dog food 

 

 view all dry food






wet dog food 

 

 view all wet food




 
by recipe 




grain free 

 

 view recipes






whole grain 

 

 view recipes




 
by life stage 




puppy 

 

 view recipes






adult 

 

 view recipes






senior 

 

 view recipes




 
by size 




small 

 

 view recipes






medium 

 

 view recipes






large 

 

 view recipes




 
all dog products
why nature’s recipeworld of wagstore locator search 


search

search













 




nature’s recipe® dog food: fuel more wag-worthy adventures
for your favorite adventure copilot, feed them the best.  every bowl of nature’s recipe® dog food is filled with healthy, purposeful ingredients for a taste they’ll love at a price you’ll love, too.

 find the right recipe



 



fuel the wag® your way
start your adventure with purposeful fuel. all our dog food recipes are inspired only by what dogs need, and nothing they don’t.



two key benefits: 





 

formulated without added corn or wheat ingredients 





 

no artificial preservatives or flavors 




previous slide
next slide





learn more about our products






 



purposeful ingredients in every bite no matter the life stage or nutritional needs, nature’s recipe® dog food is carefully crafted with pet nutritionist input using wholesome, natural ingredients with added vitamins, minerals and nutrients.
 



 
dry dog recipes





 
wet dog recipes




 explore all dog food recipes












 



what others are saying about nature’s recipe® nature’s recipe chicken, barley & brown rice recipe dry dog food 


“my dog absolutely loves this food … she gobbles it all up as soon as i put it in her bowl.”
– a satisfied pet parent


view product








visit the world of wag find travel tips, articles for every kind of adventure and dog-friendly places around the globe.
 











how to conquer any adventure with your dog
read our top tips for introducing your dog to new outdoor locations. learn about working with puppies, water adventures, preparation lists, and more.


 









new location? no problem! help your dog adjust to new settings
read our top tips for introducing your dog to new settings. learn about how to keep your pup calm, how to deal with his anxiety, and more.


 









5 photography tips
read how to best photograph your dog’s personality. these five photography tips will help you capture those precious moments.


 









hitting the road with big dogs
ensure these items are on your checklist for traveling with your pup. for dogs, traveling can sometimes be a stressful experience. check off these items to ensure your dog has a smooth trip.


 


previous slide
next slide













healthy, high-quality dog food
 see us on facebook
 see us on instagram
 see us on youtube
 see us on pinterest
 see us on twitter
 see us on tiktok
 products
blog
faq
contact us
 





privacy notice
terms of use


	© 2025 for all tails pet care. all rights reserved. this website is intended for audiences in the united states only

















