
  













coach buses in millbury, ma | silver fox motor coaches
















































nationwide:  800.342.5998 home
about us

photo gallery of coaches & mini buses


charters
contract carriers
school trips
drivers wanted
contact us
 






safe and reliable motor coach travel
silver fox has provided quality group bus transportation in new england for more than 44 years.
we are the region’s leading group transportation providers offering local and nationwide charter bus services.
our reputation of dependable, clean, quality, and safe vehicles is unsurpassed in the industry.
we guarantee satisfaction and make every effort to make your trip a pleasurable and safe journey!
request your free bus charter quote



private charters
silver fox specializes in servicing corporate clients, tour operators, meeting planners, and convention clientele.
travel in relaxing comfort aboard our fully-equipped motor coaches or mini buses.
our smaller mini bus is perfect for weddings, corporate events, sports games, field trips and more!
>>submit a charter request

school and university
from youth to the professional, we can accommodate all the transportation needs for your athletics team.
we have provided reliable and trustworthy transportation for hundreds of teams over the years.
book with silver fox bus for your sporting events or field trips!
>>submit a charter request

logan express
forget about the boston traffic and parking! trust massport’s logan express to bring you to the airport effortlessly.
we are proud to be the contract carrier for massport’s framingham to logan express.
let us handle your ground transportation need in comfort.
>>massport’s logan express




view our fleet of buses

 
military

we are very proud to serve the men and women who serve our country. our services can be customized to meet any service branch’s needs. our drivers are well-trained professionals whose main mission is to get your group to its destination safely and on-time. we thank our nation’s military for their service.











give us a shout!

fox bus lines, inc.
3 silver fox drive
millbury, ma 01527
800.342.5998
508.865.6000


follow us on facebook 
 
cdl class b motorcoach driver wanted click here for more info and to apply

search fox tours 

search


ride in style and comfort! 
contact us – phone, email, fax, address
charters
contract carriers
school trips





 copyright © silver fox motor coaches. all rights reserved.  photos by design imaging studios. 
 .










please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility






