




great companions - dog and puppy training and behavior problems - lehigh valley, allentown, pa



 












   puppy manners starts sunday, march 2, 2025
foundations starts thursday, march 2, 2025   
agility starts tuesday, february 25, 2025
new class: out & about
   grow your relationship with your dog with  courses like 
   rally, cgc (canine good citizen), agility, 
   
   scent detectives,
   tricks -- how to get your dog to do (almost) anything, competition obedience, 
   
   reactive group class.
 class schedule updated february 8, 2025
    

plus information about private lessons 
     and 
     reactive dog consultations with ali.
click here to view pictures and a map to our new location







 scaredy dog!
understanding & 
    rehabilitating your 
    reactive dog

buy ali brown's primer on fearful and reactive dogs.
 this revised edition includes more specific examples and more photos to give you a better idea of what to look for and how to handle your difficult dog. 
    learn more.  

















    puppy manners, age 9-16 weeks 
  your puppy only has a seven-week window of opportunity to take puppy manners class. don't let your puppy miss out on his best shot at a lifetime of great behavior. learn more!



basic dog training

foundations
 find out why it's the place 
 to start for a lifetime of fun 
 with your dog. 

learn more









  all content ©2025 
        great companions, llc 
        3676 crescent court east
whitehall pa 18052 
    
updated 1/26/2025

mailing address: 
        1480 coventry rd.
allentown, pa 18104 



 
 great companions offers leading-edge techniques in the field of canine training and behavior to you and your pet. owned and operated by a behaviorist, great companions can offer you the right solution to all of your canine challenges. come and see how much fun positive motivational 
            dog training can be!

owner & trainer: ali brown, m.ed., cpdt, cdbc
 trainer: kailly muthard 


          great dog training for the lehigh valley,
          allentown and bethlehem!  
        610-737-1550



 
















 great companions offers group classes in puppy manners & socialization (puppy pre-school),
       pet dog basic obedience training (foundations), competitive obedience,
agility including puppy agility, control for agility, contacts & weaves,  rally, 
  canine good citizen (cgc) training and testing, clicker training, nose work, 
  show handling, basics for small dogs,  reactive & fearful dog group and private lessons, 
  and social events.

      owner/trainer: ali brown, m.ed., cpdt

private lessons are available for all subjects listed above and for behavioral issues for problem dogs and puppies.
behavior problems include reactivity, fear, certain types of aggression, house training, nutrition,
      ring nerves, separation anxiety,  excessive barking, and other issues. behavior history form.

      great companions  is located in the lehigh valley area near allentown pennsylvania. 

      our coverage area includes
      the entire lehigh valley, and all of northampton county and lehigh county.
      please contact us for dog training and behavior issues if you live in
      allentown, bethlehem, easton, emmaus, macungie, alburtis, wescosville,
      fogelsville, trexlertown, kutztown, topton, mertztown, center valley, coopersburg, quakertown,
      hamburg, catasauqua, coplay, whitehall, northampton, laurys station, egypt, danielsville, nazareth, 
    slatington, walnutport, bath,      palmerton, lehighton, jim thorpe, cherryville, new tripoli, schnecksville, 
    orefield, 
    hazleton, tamaqua, hometown, andreas, lansford, brodheadsville, 
    hellertown, saucon valley,
phillipsburg nj,    and other towns in the east-central pennsylvania area. additional fees may apply
    for home visits and consultations more than 20 minutes from our facility.

mailing address:great companions, llc,          1480 coventry rd, allentown, pa 18104
training location: great companions, 3676 crescent court east, whitehall, pa 18052

learn to be your dog's reward!™






 
certified pet dog trainer
certified dog behavior consuntant (cdbc)  





