








mountain top trading co.
















































skip to content



mountain top trading co.
menu and widgets




what’s new
buckles
camp gear
knives
powder horns

basic powder horn
deluxe powder horns
standard powder horns
mostly white powder horns


shooting bags
sundials & compasses

aquitanes
explorer sundials
necklace sundials
sundial compasses


tentage

tents
tent accessories


tinware
tomahawks
about us

mail/fax
in memory of officer newbill


events
contact us
view cart
 







 




mountain top trading company413 s. maincolfax, wa 99111phone # 509-397-4447mttoptradi@colfax.com
welcome to the mountain top trading company, where we strive to bring you the best quality, historically accurate products at the lowest prices. we established our business back in ’89, and specialize in shooting supplies, tomahawks, powder horns, clothing accessories, shooting bags, and a whole lot more. we hope you enjoy your journey through our pages, and if you need or want something you don’t see, click on the email quill and drop us a line.
featured products





















ordering information:
online purchases:after you have decided on your purchase, enter the number of items you wish to order in the quantity box, then click on the order icon.  when you have ordered all the items you wish, click on the “check out” icon in the left menu, after that, just follow the directions. check out is a secure line for credit card purchases. visa & master card only.  sorry, but we can’t accept e-checks or purchase orders at this time.
check or money order purchases:if you wish to pay by check or money order, please click on the “mail/fax order form”, then print the form on your printer. once you have the order form printed, just list each item by the full name in the description and the price listed, also how many of each item you want.  don’t forget to include shipping. orders will be held 10 days to allow checks to clear the bank.
questions??  drop us an email at mttoptradi@colfax.com
tony, judy & chris robertsproprietorsmountain top trading company








				proudly powered by wordpress			

















