













	home



























need help?
 call: 800-472-7199


 login
                
















brokers


enroll


sell life insurance through pivot




quote insurance online


quotes for individuals


quotes for small groups




purchase insurance 10+ ees















×
 log into my account




 username



 password










cancel
need to register? 
                    
                       register
                    

forgot 
                    
                        password
                    















 


welcome to the small business service bureau!














individual shopping  for myself or my family
















small business shopping for my employees
















enroll in thesbsb broker program


















sbsb membership benefits
small business service bureau, inc. (sbsb) members enjoy the following benefits:




1 legislative advocacy

by joining sbsb, small business owners, entrepreneurs, and individuals are assured that their voice is heard and their opinions count. sbsb keeps members and their advisors, legislators, and lawmakers informed with our interactive polls and legislative alerts.




2 small business knowledge center

weekly and monthly business tips sent directly to your inbox!






3 hr and benefits compliance
access to hr and benefits compliance tools and information provided by hr360©.



4 insurance marketplace
sbsb provides affordable insurance coverage for businesses, individuals, and families. sbsb is here to guide you through the complexities of today’s insurance marketplace, and will help you find the best plan at the best price, for your business, employees, and family. sbsb members also receive preferred access to even more coverage through our affiliate small business insurance. 

















 













contact us





name:


             
        


phone:


             
        


email:


             
             
        


company:





message:



             
        




			enter the above captcha code
		

















sbsb offers an insurance marketplace to assist small employers and their employees, and individuals, in finding the best insurance plan, at the best price. we service your account from initial sign up through renewal.  all health insurance and dental plans are fully insured and approved by the state regulatory authorities.

it’s easy to obtain a quote and enroll in the plan of your choice. to save time, please have the birthdates of each subscriber and dependent applying for coverage. the options available in your area will be displayed.  once you select a plan, you may enroll online or call us to enroll with assistance. the sbsb benefit specialists are available monday thru friday, 8:30 am to 5:00 pm at 800-472-7199.   

all health insurance plans and premium rates are in compliance with the federal affordable care act. monthly premiums are calculated for each member of the policy, and may change if members are added or removed from the policy. small group rate quotes vary by the effective date of coverage, and renew in april. individual rates are fixed for the calendar year, and renew in january. 






about us
|
contact us
|
glossary
|
privacy, disclaimer and language access statements






copyright 2025 by small business service bureau, inc.














