



















 webeditor design services, inc – buffalo, ny website design































 
















716-694-9992














716-694-9992









716-694-9992









menuhomeaboutabout webeditor design servicesin the newsdesign servicesthe website design processwebsite upgrade / faceliftlogo designaudio editingpower point templatesphoto editingpencil portraitshosting / tech serviceswebsite hostinge-commercee-mail servicesexamplesweb design exampleslogo designpencil portraitsphoto editingtestimonialsclient accesslog into webmailmake a paymentsubmit a card for recurring paymenttech supportreferral programpricing













 
home









website design
logo design
photo editing
pencil portraits



website design philosophy
a website should not just be a simple off-the-shelf template. a website should represent you and what you do. whether your needs for a design are sophisticated, polished, whimsical, serious, lively, sober or lighthearted, i design websites which are impeccably suited to the identity of my clients.
in order to be a good web designer you need to have 3 skill sets: coding, design and marketing. if even one of those skill sets is lacking the result could be a site that looks great but does not work, or a site that works great, but looks terrible.
having a designer who understands your needs and provides you with a well-executed and thought-provoking solution is priceless.  while designing a website, i keep in mind important factors such as responsive design, content management, security, usability, speed and attention to detail.
who is webeditor?
my name is scott herman and i am a website designer.
when i was younger i wanted to be an architect. what attracted me to architecture was the idea of designing structures that are aesthetically pleasing, practical and functional — essentially designing “spaces that work.” as a web designer i do just that!
i worked my way through college first as a cad draftsman and then as an autocad® rep.  i taught autocad and other computer skills, building and servicing computers and computer networks and acting as a trainer and consultant all over the country. i graduated in 1995 from ub with a degree in marketing and a lot of experience.
in 1995 the world wide web was brand new and everyone wanted to learn about it. i opened common grounds internet café in october of 1995 as a place where people could come learn about technology in a non-threatening environment. people could come in for a cup of coffee, surf the web or participate in one of many classes offered in our computer training room.
shortly after i opened the café, people started coming to me asking me to design websites for them. this seemed like a natural thing for me. it used my design skills, marketing education and computer skills. before long, web design became my primary focus.
in the year 2000 i closed the café to dedicate my efforts on my website design business. since 1995 i have designed over 1,000 websites. i really do enjoy what i do. i hope you will give me the opportunity to make you one of my many happy customers.
check out some examples of my work.
why use webeditor?

personal service – when you work with a large company to design and host your website, you become a number. i’ve kept my business small so that i can service my clients’ needs personally. when you call my phone number, you will always get me on the phone — not some faceless person in a foreign country with a less than adequate ability to speak the english language. if need be, we can work together using one of a number of computer sharing software so that i work on your computer for you or you can watch me design your website like you are sitting right next to me.
experience – i’ve been doing website design since 1995. in that time, i have designed over 1,000 websites. i understand how to make websites effective, visually appealing and compatible with a variety of different browsers and devices.
honesty – when you ask my opinion, i’ll always give you an honest answer, even if it is not in my best interest. there have been many times when customers have asked me to do a project that would not have a good cost/benefit to them. many times, i can find simple and effective solutions that cost you less money. i don’t make as much when i do this, but i believe that happy customers come back and refer others. honesty is just good business.
integrity – i think being professional is important. i will always look out for the best interest of my customers. even if a customer decides to leave my services, i’ll do my best to make the transition a smooth one and point out any pitfalls i might see along the way. over the years a few customers have left my services looking for someone cheaper or more local and then come back to me when they need better service. i always treat my customers with respect because without happy customers, i don’t have a business.
responsiveness and reliability – while i try to only work during business hours because of my wife and three children, i have my phone on my 24 hours a day in case of emergencies. i have two system administrators and a few programmers to whom i can reach out to for technical issues with the servers if need be. isps who do not respond to technical issues quickly and effectively do not stay in business long. we understand the importance of a having your website up and your e-mail delivered. while technical issues are rare, they do happen. the difference is how well we respond to problems when they do occur.
fast servers and fast connection – we are constantly monitoring our servers and upgrading them to provide the best service possible.
backups – unlike other providers, we provide backups of your websites as an included service. we keep daily backups for 2 weeks, weekly backups for 2 more and then 2 monthly backups.

call 716-694-9992 to get started today!
webeditor proudly uses:


































webeditor design services, inc.
p.o. box 1595
amherst, ny  14226
716-694-9992 | info@webeditor.com















				all rights reserved	© 2025 copyright webeditor design services, inc – buffalo, ny website design. accessibility statement























