








welcome | st. regis canoe outfitters

































      skip to main content
    





















main navigation


about st regis



about the adirondack park


our eco friendly base


testimonials


directions


contact us




trip planning



overall planning


canoe & kayak route suggestions


camping


orientation / permits / fishing


paddlers resources


helpful links


retail store



maps & guidebooks


paddling gear


canoe & bear packs


freeze dried foods




backpacker's gear checklist


northern forest canoe trail




rentals/services



canoe & kayak rentals


camping gear rentals


outfitting packages


food packing service


transportation


day trip packages


new & used boat sale




guided trips



private guide service


guided adirondack day trips


guided adirondack overnight




programs/events



advocating for a better world


instruction




winter offerings



winter rentals and packages


guided winter overnights


guided winter hiking









helping people fall in love with wild places since 1984...
518-891-1838
info@canoeoutfitters.com

                          book your trip




 
 










experience winter

    the adirondack park offers the most immersive winter experience in new york.


                          explore our winter options



 



overnight wilderness camping

    canoe camping allows you to get away from the busyness of life and reconnect with nature.


                          explore classes



 



guided winter camping

    winter camping made easy with the help of a professional guide and quality equipment.


 



multi-day canoe trips

    the adirondacks offer an unlimited selection of overnight trips including the oswegatchie traverse.


                          explore guided trips



 



set yourself free

    there is nothing that is quite as soothing to the soul as taking in the vastness of nature.


                          explore transportation services



 



gear to enjoy winter's wonders

    our winter rental equipment and hot tent packages make enjoying time in the snow easy.


 



outfitting packages

    we make it easy for you with outfitting packages that include tents, bear canisters, canoes, food, and gear.


                          explore outfitting packages



 



guided trips

    book a guided day or overnight trip to learn more about the natural world and the rich history of the area.


                          explore guided trips



 



maps & guidebooks

    we produce and sell the adirondack paddlers maps & guidebook.


                          paddle the saranac lakes



 
 


 





welcome


  welcome to st. regis canoe outfitters!celebrating our 42nd season, we are dedicated to helping you explore the breathtaking adirondack waterways and wilderness. whether you're planning a multi-day adventure or just a relaxing afternoon on the water, we provide everything you need to make your trip a success. our services are available year-round, offering guided excursions, rentals, transportation services, and expert advice on the best routes for paddling, hiking, and winter exploration. we proudly offer a top-quality selection of canoes, kayaks, and camping gear in the summer. in winter we offer snowshoe, micro-spikes, and hot tent rentals, as well as guided day hikes. explore our offerings: winter adventures: rent snowshoes and/or micro-spikes to enjoy a winter hike on your own, or with one of our experience guides. we also offer hot tent rentals and guided experiences in collaboration with silver birch cycles.guided excursions & rentals: we have a variety of boats, hiking, and camping gear available for rent, as well as experienced guides to lead you on unforgettable adventures.outfitting packages: from complete gear sets to day-use rentals, our outfitting packages are designed to provide you with everything you need to enjoy your outdoor adventure. we even offer transportation services! expert guidanceour team is passionate about the adirondacks and has extensive experience paddling, hiking, and exploring the area. we are committed to sharing our expertise to ensure you have the best possible experience, whether you're a first-time visitor or a seasoned adventurer. plan your tripwe make it easy to reserve boats, hot tents and some guided trips online, but are always happy to book you a trip over the phone as well. simply give us a call or follow the "book your trip" button at the top of the page to get started. we look forward to helping you create lasting memories in one of the most stunning wilderness areas in the country. whether you're looking for a short paddle, a challenging hike, or a cozy winter getaway, st. regis canoe outfitters is your go-to resource for all things adirondacks. 

 



 
 
 















 please call our store at 518-891-1838 for reservations and information. hours: wednesdays - mondays, 9am to 5pmclosed tuesdays




 
 
 
 
 






rentals/servicesavailable rentals include high quality gear, canoes and kayaks.rent gear/boats reservationswe offer the resources & expertise to help you plan your next adventure in the adirondacks.plan your reservation suggested routesgood preparation is the key to an enjoyable and safe paddling trip. view suggested routes  
 
 
 






  
 
st. regis canoe outfitters
phone: 518-891-1838email: info@canoeoutfitters.com saranac river base73 dorsey street
                            saranac lake, ny 12983
hours: wednesdays - mondays, 9am - 5pm | closed tuesdays
518-891-1838


  newsletter sign-up
join our mailing list to hear about program announcements & upcoming events.







subscribe








      
about st. regis
trip planning
rentals/services
guided trips
reservations
 contact us
privacy & return policies
sitemap


  









































