




rapid rewards | southwest airlines


















































rapid rewards




 




about
earn points
redeem points
buy, gift, transfer points
donate points
tiers
partners
promotions






about
earn points
redeem points
buy, gift, transfer points
donate points 
tiers
a-list
a-list preferred 
companion pass
partners
promotions




 







earning on every flight? that's the point!
join rapid rewards® to earn points you can use for any seat, any time. there are no blackout dates and points don't expire.
sign me up












benefits of rapid rewards
as a rapid rewards member, you earn points by flying or spending with our partners. use them how and when you want. plus, if you’re short on points, you can always purchase more to get that reward you’ve been eyeing.
 


redeem for flights and more.
rapid rewards members can redeem their points for flights through southwest®, and for gift cards, merchandise, hotel stays, rental cars, and exclusive cardmember experiences through the  southwest more rewards program. the sky really is the limit!with cash + points2, rapid rewards members can combine points and other eligible forms of payment to purchase flights. starting january 1, 2025, cash + points bookings will earn rapid rewards points, tier qualifying points for a-list or a-list preferred status or companion pass qualifying points. for more information click here.
unlimited reward seats
say yes to reward seats on days ending in “y”. that's transfarency.®
no blackout dates
no blackout dates means your choices and possibilities for travel are wide open.
your points don't expire
earning points for travel and shopping is easy.
rapid rewards makes it easy to earn points you can use for reward flights to go anywhere that we fly. not only will you earn points on flights, you can also earn points on everyday purchases with a rapid rewards credit card1 and with our partners.













earn rapid rewards points on everyday purchases with our partners.








every point you earn also points you toward companion pass®.
shop with the rapid rewards plus credit card1 and bounce.
learn more








wanna book a trip with points, but you’re running short?
buy them now and get there faster.
buy points








turn purchases into points.
earn points when shopping at over 1,100+ online stores with rapid rewards shopping®.
shop now








check out rapid rewards promotions.
enjoy our latest flight deals and partner promotions.
see offers

















recent awards & recognition





freddie awards
southwest airlines rapid rewards voted best customer service and best loyalty credit card1 at the 2023 freddie awards.












don’t have a rapid rewards account yet?
sign up today to start getting southwest rapid rewards points!

create account








important information
1southwest rapid rewards™ credit cards are issued by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. member fdic.
2bookings (and all flights w/in a booking) with a final flight completed before 2:59 am cst on 1/1/25: cash + points bookings won’t earn rapid rewards points, tier qualifying points for a-list/a-list preferred status or companion pass qualifying points. flights completed after 3:00 am cst on 1/1/25: cash portions of a cash + points booking will earn rapid rewards points, tier qualifying points for a-list or a-list preferred status & companion pass qualifying points. bookings (including round trip) with flights before 3:00 am cst & after 3:00 am cst on 1/1/25: cash portion of cash + points booking will earn rapid rewards points, tier qualifying points for a-list/a-list preferred status & companion pass qualifying points on all flights. more info
all rapid rewards rules and regulations apply and can be found at southwest.com/rrterms.





 










(opens new window)opens new window. external site which may or may not meet accessibility guidelines.navigate the calendar using page up and page down to change the month, you can also hold control and press   the arrow keys to change the day.



