

 


 


































home - community memorial foundation


































































 




menu


about us

grantee profiles
mission, vision and values
recent grant history
staff
geographic service area
board of directors


our work

regional health and human services agenda
responsive grants program
capacity building:  building organizational effectiveness program


apply for a grant
news
resources

demographic data
mental health resources


contact
 










							x
						



search

 








27 communities served
$93,000,000 awarded

one vision:
 building the healthiest region
 in the country together





here’s how we do it:
we work with our neighbors 
to build a healthier region.
community memorial foundation aims to measurably improve the health of those who live and work in the western suburbs of chicago. through partnership with our grantee organizations and other community stakeholders, we manage a grantmaking portfolio that includes our regional health and human services agenda, responsive grants program and building organizational effectiveness program.




communities we serve








strategic initiatives




 

regional health 
and human services 
agenda






 

responsive grants 
program






 

building organizational
effectiveness program








latest news | regional health and human services agenda
community health worker pilot year 5 outcomes report
the community health worker initiative, jointly supported with healthy communities foundation and the coleman foundation, aims to improve access to culturally competent care and advance health equity in the region.
the year 5 outcomes report highlights how chws are impacting health & human service delivery in the western suburbs.

read more






responsive grants program
responding to the needs of 
our neighbors
we are not just grantmakers; we aspire to be changemakers. through our funding initiatives, we empower organizations to address issues that impact overall community wellness, including healthcare, health equity, food access, housing and public safety.

read more






latest news | building organizational effectiveness program
racial equity learning circles
grantee partners are invited to participate in a monthly online gathering to discuss the application of racial equity principles within their organization.

learn more






take the next step
apply for a grant
become a partner in transformation. apply for a grant and join the foundation in our vision to create the healthiest region in the country.

apply now









community memorial foundation
15 spinning wheel road, ste. 326
hinsdale, il 60521
phone: 630-654-4729






sign up for our newsletter

email


  














administration@cmfdn.org

connect with us










translate »






























