


fan.theonering.net™ | tolkien fan art and writing


















































search













links




home




the movies




spy reports




features




barlimans




discussion




fan section









art








comics








wallpaper








multimedia








fan music








writing








ecards







gaming havens




green books




community




shop




newbie guide




archives




site info




tbhl











...



















































tuesday, october 09, 2007
trilogy screening in michigan  - xoanon @ 14:18 pst lord of the rings trilogy showing october 21, 2007proceeds to benefit the arc of central michiganthe academy award winning trio of films known as the lord of the rings trilogy is making their way back to the big screen.  we invite you to join us on sunday, october 21, 2007 for this one-day event which will include all three movies, a costume contest, give-aways, and discounted concessions!  the screening, to be held at celebration! cinema in mt. pleasant, mi, kicks off at noon with the fellowship of the rings, and is followed at 3:30 pm by the two towers and concludes at 7:00 pm with the return of the king.  all three movies will be presented in their original theatrical release versions and brought to big screen through our state-of-the-art digital dlp projectors.      tickets to this event are $10 for all three movies, or $4 for individual tickets.  all proceeds will benefit the arc of central michigan (www.arcofcentralmi.org), a non-profit advocacy group serving individuals with disabilities in our community.  tickets are on sale now at our box office, on-line (www.celebrationcinema.com), and by phone at (989)779-0905.  our mission statementwe strive to better our communities by creating a superior shared entertainment experience. for more information e-mail ccouling@bigscreenmovies.com.

tuesday, october 02, 2007
cruise to middle-earth update  - xoanon @ 20:21 pst garfeimao writes: it has been a month since the cruise to middle earth in november, 2008 was announced and the response has been phenomenal. i have been getting a lot of response from single travelors, some willing to travel alone and some reticent to travel alone but unsure how to find travelling companions. well, i've got an answer to that. i've set up a yahoogroup specifically for people interested in the cruise to middle earth. questions can be posted there and i'll do my best to answer them all. more importantaly, it's the first place you and your travelling companions will have to meet and get to know each other before embarking on this voyage of a lifetime together. and for those who can't find a traveling companion, this is the best place to find someone willing to share your journey, and share the cost as well. from the starting page on torn you can go to the cruise page on my work website and find the yahoogroup info at the bottom there. don't let the absence of a traveling companion automatically eliminate you from considering this trip, there is plenty of fellowship to be had. [cruise update] [complete cruise details]

saturday, september 01, 2007
win free tickets to knight quest!  - xoanon @ 12:18 pst september 9th, 2007 - janetville, ontariotheonering.net and dragonworld.tv present the knight quest contest! knight quest is a one of a kind medieval festival & tournament. win 2 tickets to participate as an audience member in the first episode of our new medieval-combat based reality tv series! the tournament will consist of our masters of horse, lance, bow, sword and shield entertaining you with a demonstration of the chivalric martial arts, and you will also get to meet the cast of our reality series on the very first day they begin their quest to become a knight. also provided will be a festival featuring performers and artists in a medieval village that you may walk among and enjoy.  the public is encourage to bring and wear their own medieval costumes for the day.how to entersimply send an email to xoanon@theonering.net with the subject knight quest. a winner will be drawn at random on friday, september 7th.fine detailstransportation to the janetville, ontario location is not provided with this contest.the knight quest medieval festival will be held rain or shine.please bring your own lawn chairs and/or blankets to sit on the sidelines.winners can claim their prize at the main entrance will call (ticket booth).about knight quest:dragonworld.tv is bringing this reality series to the internet soon, and is making it available for licensing to networks around the world.more information, including driving directions, can be found at dragonworld.tvdragonworld.tv, a fantasy and medieval-genre internet television channel, and its production partners chivalry house productions and magik morn, are in the final weeks of pre-production for an exciting new reality series called knight quest. the show, to be filmed near lindsay, ontario this september, is gearing up to train a few score of competitors in the western martial arts of medieval combat.as in the middle ages, you will see tournaments where chivalry and honor count, and not only strength of arms but strength of heart will win the day. see our competitors rise through the ranks as peasants learning the skills of horsemanship, as pages learning to fight with the sword, the bow and the lance, and then as squires using all their skills to face the dreaded gauntlet. watch the final four fulfilling their quest for knighthood, and engaging in the final confrontation of an all day battle for glory, for honor, and for the prize of a custom-made, authentically designed full suit of armor. many will come to take part in this knight quest, but only one champion will emerge. filmed in high definition, the 13-episode series will be available online at dragonworld.tv, and is available for licensing by networks around the world.dragonworld.tv is a joint venture between ipx entertainment and after rain films. visit dragonworld.tv for more information.

tuesday, july 24, 2007
cleveland lotr symphony review  - xoanon @ 17:00 pst penny writes: i just wanted to let everyone know that i attended the lotr symphony performance at the blossom festival in cleveland this past weekend and it was brilliant!!  i have now seen the symphony 5 times around the midwest and this was the best every performance.  perhaps this can be attributed to the talent of the cleveland orchestra and their attending choirs, perhaps it can be attributed to the fact that this orchestra and performed it before, or perhaps we can attribute it to the passion of the conductor, none other than composer howard shore.  i have a feeling it was all three of these factors plus the incredible setting of the outdoor venue that really enhance the feel of the music. i met my two wonderful friends from toronto there, whom i first met at orc three years ago.  we enjoyed a beautiful day exploring the area, including a trip to brandywine falls, fittingly enough.  we saw no buckleberry ferry, but there was a brandywine bridge.  we arrived early for the concert in order to explore.  unfortunately, there was no lotr symphony related merchandise available, however, the setting was marvelous.  the blossom festival is situated at the south end of cuyahoga valley national park, so the outdoor venue is surrounded by the forrest and many lovely gardens.  perfect for a tolkein inspired event.  also, the weather was nearly flawless, warm without being hot, no humidity (a rarity in ohion in july!), and by the end of the night, downright cool! i knew as soon as they began that the performance was going to be special.  all of the sections were extremely sharp and crisp sounding, but still blended beautifully.  the choir was miked, so there would be no problem of not enough volume as there was in louisville earlier this year.  there was some problem after the first movement as howard paused while latecomers were allowed to get to their seats.  (this concert started at 9pm for heaven's sakes, how hard is it to arrive on time?!!).  you could tell this delay slightly distracted the orchestra and choir as they began the rivendell music, but they quickly got over it.  the mines of moria section was incredible and well really, everything was incredible.  soloist kaitlyn lusk was as usual incredible and heart-moving.  the flute soloist had the purist tone i've ever heard and the violin was gorgeous.  my friends and i were moved to goose bumps so many times they were perpetual.  howard and the orchestra received much applause and standing ovations after the show.  i thing the whole audience really enjoyed the performance, even those who were no ringers!   i hope everyone gets a chance to experience this symphony, especially if you get to experience such a wonderful performance as this one was.  i am glad i decided to attend!










home | contact us | back to top | site map |search | join list
this site is maintained and updated by fans of the lord of the rings. we in no way claim the artwork displayed to be our own.
copyrights and trademarks for the books, films, and related properties
mentioned herein are held by their respective owners and are used
solely for promotional purposes of said properties. design and original photography however are copyright © 2000
theonering.net ™ .


















