
sermon illustrations, sermons, and sermon prep help | preaching today




















































































































































jump directly to the contentabout usour ministrythe gap we seestoriespartner with usnewslettersgive now
exploreabout usour ministrythe gap we seestoriespartner with usnewslettersgive now


log in|join now|about us
my accountmy e-newslettersmy cabinetlog out


or browse: preachers|podcasts|lectionary|cartoons|
free



sermon illustrationssermonsyour soulexegesisskill buildersholidaysstorepreaching guidesbooks


article
preach in light of the eschatondoes your preaching take into account the big picture of the bible, the grand story of our hope in christ?  
robert smith, jr.
read 
								article


article
how'd it go?five ways to measure your sunday sermon.
h.b. charles, jr.
read 
								article



start your membership todaypreach in light of the eschatonhow'd it go?



 holidays & eventslentmarch 5
palm sundayapril 13
easterapril 20
see all holidays & events
new sermon illustrationsduring the la fires, chinese christians prayed for usthe antidote to the loneliness epidemicman uses drone to find lost petssleep cleans your brainmore sermon illustrations


featured sermonsthe love expressionromell williams
a promise for life's long pullgardner taylor
making room for god to burst forth in your lifepeter scazzero
more sermons




featured articlesfebruary four lovesscott m. gibson
12 defining moments: the moment to repositionjohn e. johnson
the sighs of ministryjosh zoerhof
more preaching articles


featured podcastsdiscovering humor in the bible with jelani greenidgesteve carter
the heartbeat of a local pastor with tyler gorslinesteve carter
the role of the pastor with diane langbergsteve carter
more podcast episodes






featured preachers  (see all)
							




darrell johnson
haddon robinson
ralph douglas west
dave stone
max lucado
colin smith
lee eclov
francis chan
bryan wilkerson
mandy smith










follow us
free newsletters:preaching today
			(weekly)
your lectionary
			(weekly)
ct pastors
			(weekly)
building church leaders
			(weekly)
email address
subscribe to the selected newsletters.

more newsletterscreate preaching today alerts

















preaching today:about us|privacy policy|my account|contact us|rss|advertise with us|help & info|site map|log inlog outstay informed. sign up for our free newsletter.
												sign up for our  newsletter:
											 
										fresh sermon illustrations and updates on new sermons, preaching articles and much more!
									

email address
subscribe to the selected newsletters.




give today
our ministrythe gap we seestorieshow to partner
careersmedia roomfollow us
privacy policy & cookiesterms of useadvertise
helpcontact usmy account



© 2025 christianity today - a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. "christianity today" and "ct" are the registered trademarks of christianity today international. all rights reserved. 
			





