



















laser and skin care specialist in framingham & hopedale, ma | deborah freeman macdonald, r.e. inc



































 









 framingham office  - (508) 872-6222


 hopedale office  - (508) 473-3373

















 call us   request an appointment 





menu

home
about

providers
testimonials


new patients
appointments
services

acne treatment
electrolysis
eyelash extensions
laser hair removal
microblading
permanent makeup
skin resurfacing
tattoo removal


contact

framingham office
hopedale office


 












laser hair removal
 learn more... 






acne
 learn more... 






tattoo removal
 learn more... 






microblading
 learn more... 






eyelash extensions
 learn more... 








request an appointment








welcome to the practice of deborah freeman macdonald, r.e. inc
the skilled aesthetics team at deborah freeman macdonald, r.e. inc, which has two locations – one in framingham and another in hopedale, massachusetts – provides hair removal and skin care treatments to individuals living in massachusetts and rhode island.
their team applies the technological advancements of laser science to fit the everyday needs of the men and women in their care. their team is always exploring new breakthroughs in hair removal and skin care to bring you the best treatments available.
at deborah freeman macdonald, r.e. inc, the team performs tattoo removal, laser hair removal, microblading, acne treatments, skin resurfacing, eyelash extensions, permanent makeup application, and much more. their ultimate goal is to help you feel and look your best.
with over 44 years of experience, you’ll be sure you’ll leave their office feeling and looking incredible. to schedule an appointment with the team at deborah freeman macdonald, r.e. inc, call the office nearest you or book an appointment online today.







 debbie macdonald 


 debbie macdonald, is the owner and a laser and skin care specialist at deborah freeman macdonald, r.e. inc, in framingham and hopedale, massachusetts. 


 learn more  














  request an appointment 






we are affiliated with the mac med spa
 visit our sister site 










 framingham office 


(508) 872-6222



 242 union avenue  framingham, ma 01701 



 hopedale office 


(508) 473-3373



 20 daniels street  hopedale, ma 01747 




					appointments
				
we will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. request an appointment today!
request appointment







 ©2025 deborah freeman macdonald, r.e. inc 
 sitemap - accessibility - website by doctor multimedia 




  text us 








skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








