








southdadeanglers | a fishing club covering south florida






























southdadeanglers

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
about
meetup.com
facebook
youtube channel
facebook group
 





search for:



 








 


events2

redfish, redfish redfish

february 9, 2025 hermwats@gmail.com 


next meeting will be tuesday night, feb. 11th 7:30 pm.

please come and talk about your favorite lures, jigs, flies, techniques & spots so we can all learn.

(see david’s email for meeting notes)

volunteers for meals and sides would be appreciated. i will bring burgers and hot dogs. side dishes & desserts welcomed.





 


events2

holiday meal – december 10 7:30 at the clubhouse

december 3, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


december 10, tuesday, 7:30 pm, clubhouse
whole family invited: bring everyone
need volunteers for food
suggested holiday meal menu
ham – russell
turkey – herman
corn bread dressing
cranberry sauce
green bean casserole
sweet potatoes (marshmallow)
avocado salad
fruit cocktail (ambrosia) salad
other varia and assorted items
yeast rolls and butter
apple pie
pumpkin pie
funfetti cupcakes
set up
clean up
let me know what you can bring –
please fill out the rsvp form
https://forms.gle/bjtpawdvozwtjtkta




 


events2

soflo fresh water

october 28, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


tuesday, 10/29 fresh water fishing. meet at the clubhouse
we are going to explore fishing the large fresh water areas in our region.
ernie will fill us in on the current conditions are in broward county.
what to look for and how to target the catch.
everyone is encouraged to attend and participate.
belinda is making spaghetti and meatballs. this is with the lousiana perspective.
see you there.




 


events2

october stone crab outing 10/19

october 14, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


sda meet 10/15/2024 7:30 at clubhouse.
we will organize the everglades city outing for the opening of stone crab season.
stone crab season opens october 15 at everglades city. we have a confirmed reservation for lunch at triad seafood for 1:00 pm on saturday. they are located at 401 school drive, 34139, everglades city
menu: 
lets go over how to have a simple simple fishing trip on the baron river and it’s mouth at the gulf of mexico.
my wife and i are spending the night so we can have lunch, take a nap, and then fish sunset. captain jacks motel and ivy house are places to stay
dinner tuesday will be smoked wings with rice and beans.
see you there.




 


events2

bull redfish

september 23, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


sda: meet 9/24/2024 7:30 at clubhouse
explore the concept of redfish offshore schooling in the gulf.
carlos took part of that one week. then lucas took part.
a kayaker took part a week before carlos.
is there a way we can identify or predict when or how?
bring your experience and thoughts tomorrow evening.
east carolina pulled pork for dinner $10.
see you there.




 


events2

back to school

august 26, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


meeting tomorrow evening, tuesday, aug 27, 7:30 clubhouse.
back to school.
jabber about bait, weather, and fishing successes.
let’s do venezuelan sausages and you can help cook.
last two meetings are posted on youtube. check them out. subscribe if you have not yet.
whats going on?

fishing with lithium batteries





 


events2

what’s going on?

august 12, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


sda: tuesday evening, 7:30, 8/12/2024
fishing has been hot recently. so has the weather – heat advisory.
i have asked guys to share their experiences from recent trips.
i’m also asking all to share recent experiences too.
we can go around and take turns.
great way to get local status in the area.
plan on it.
belinda is making chicken and rice (btw she’s from new orleans). $10




 


events2

low country boil and lithium batteries

july 21, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


tuesday 7/23 meet 7:30 at the clubhouse
carolina low country shrimp boil by chef david
lithium batteries – show and tell presentation
slide presentation and hands-on see and feel the real thing.
how they are made, and how to charge, and how to use them
lithium ion, lifepo4, bms, architecture, charging, trolling, and starting.
bring your appetite and questions




 


events

shark depredation

july 7, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


sda: tuesday evening, 7/09 – 7:30 pm – chicken and chat
dr phil said in our chat that he is working on a system to reduce shark depredation.
we will discuss tuesday evening to see what we can get involved with.
last time we got rained out with the casting lessons so we will try again on tuesday evening.
we also need an outing location for saturday, 7/13.
fresh water (because of all the rain) or saltwater (flats)?
david is making special jerk chicken grilled with coleslaw. someone bring desert and some soul beans.
see you then.




 


events

fly cast contest and lesson

june 24, 2024 hermwats@gmail.com 


meeting tuesday, tomorrow evening, june 25th.
we are doing a fly casting contest/learning session. it’s the longest daylight of the year.
i have a 6 wt, 8 wt, and 12 wt so you can try each one and compare the feel. bring your own gear for the contest.
there is a jack crevalle target. take 3 shots and accumulate how close they are to the target. frank has agreed to teach and run the contest.
multiple blind casts will spook the target.
i will bring a lefty video so we can watch that with dinner.
inside after dinner we can share intel on where and how fishing conditions are doing.
burgers, potato salad, and beans for dinner, $10.



posts navigation

1
2
…
24
next → 





a fishing club covering south florida



search for:



activitiesabout south dade anglers fishing club
news
events
fish slip form
tournament entries
  recent posts 

redfish, redfish redfish


holiday meal – december 10 7:30 at the clubhouse


soflo fresh water


october stone crab outing 10/19


bull redfish


meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
 




proudly powered by wordpress







