




fencing supplies | fence panels | garden structures | landscaping | homepage | grange fencing





























skip to main content







grange fencing



























productsstockistsgarden trendsabout usnewscontact usmy wish listmy garden









2025 brochure available to view now! 






defining gardens
it’s time to create your perfect outdoor space



whether you’re looking to create a quiet urban retreat or a garden for gatherings, we’re here to help you make the most of your outdoor space.
from fence supplies, such as traditional fencing to our decorative garden collections, our products have been carefully crafted to fit seamlessly within your outdoor space, allowing you the freedom to design an area that is as unique as you are.













all products




my garden
create your dream look using your favourite grange products. add an image of your garden then simply rotate, resize and flip products on your wish list to see how they would look in your own outdoor space.
take a look




grange products featured in the media, a great source of
ispirational ideas from the professionals
 
find out more
garden trends
if you’re planning to become a garden trendsetter, then you’ve come to the right place! our extensive range of fencing supplies and garden collections feature something for everyone, as well as represent some of the freshest, leading ideas and styles within the world of gardening and fencing right now.
take a look
 





product range
fencing
garden structures
gates
landscaping
stockists
 

find out more
my wish list
my garden
how to guides
terms and conditions
goods warranty
 

corporate
about us
garden news
privacy & cookies
stockist claim form
environmental policy
anti-slavery statement
accessibility
contact us
 




     




download ourbrochure





© 2025 grange fencing limited. all rights reserved.








strictly necessary
these cookies are required for our website to operate and include items such as whether or not to display this pop-up box or your session when logging in to the website. these cookies cannot be disabled.





performance
we use 3rd party services such as google analytics to measure the performance of our website. this helps us tailor the site content to our visitors needs.





functional
from time to time, we may use cookies to store key pieces of information to make our site easier for you to use. examples of this are remembering selected form options to speed up future uses of them. these cookies are not necessary for the site to work, but may enhance the browsing experience.





targeting
we may use advertising services that include tracking beacons to allow us to target our visitors with specific adverts on other platforms such as search or social media. these cookies are not required but may improve the services we offer and promote.


change settings


 




cookie settings
×






strictly necessary
these cookies are required for our website to operate and include items such as whether or not to display this pop-up box or your session when logging in to the website. these cookies cannot be disabled.





performance
we use 3rd party services such as google analytics to measure the performance of our website. this helps us tailor the site content to our visitors needs.





functional
from time to time, we may use cookies to store key pieces of information to make our site easier for you to use. examples of this are remembering selected form options to speed up future uses of them. these cookies are not necessary for the site to work, but may enhance the browsing experience.





targeting
we may use advertising services that include tracking beacons to allow us to target our visitors with specific adverts on other platforms such as search or social media. these cookies are not required but may improve the services we offer and promote.





save
close






welcome. you can control how we use cookies and 3rd party services below        

change settings
accept


learn how we use cookies




