



	rancho caracol












brochure request | contact us












home
history and accolades
hunting
accommodations
travel
the guarantee
photos and news
downloads
conservation / charity
cats of caracol
equipment for sale






request brochure



 


get the flash player to see this rotator.




welcome fellow sportsman



may 19, 2012
dear fellow sportsman,
many of you have been asking about the current situation in mexico and rancho caracol’s plans for the future.  i would like to share my latest thinking and initiate a dialog with those of you with a continuing interest in our operation.
since we closed, there has been improvement in the security situation in tamaulipas.  while it varies by locality, i am glad to report that we suffered no damage and are returning to normal.  earlier this year i made my first trip back to the lodge.  like many americans, i was anxious and flew directly to the ranch.  my trip was productive and uneventful.  our core staff was still in place, the facilities were well maintained, and our renovation projects remain on schedule for completion in the summer of 2013.
the mexican government is completely committed to reviving the tourist industry and will do whatever it takes to protect american investors and tourists.  the military commander in the abasolo district has been especially effective and has earned the trust and respect of the local population.  however, there have been recent setbacks in matamoros and victoria.
while the overall situation has improved, we have seen progress before only to have the situation deteriorate yet again.  i am encouraged that we are now experiencing a period of  relative stability and all reports are that the narcos have been largely brought under control in our area.  nevertheless, we will not open our doors until we are absolutely certain that there is no danger to us or our guests.  the ultimate acid test of this level of safety is whether we are willing to bring our own families back to the lodge.  we are not at that point yet, but we will keep you advised.
given the lead times involved in getting our operation back to the level you have come to expect, and our renovation program, we will not be open in 2012.  however, we are cautiously optimistic that we will be back in operation for the 2013 whitewing season.  in the meantime, i will update you via e-mail and website updates as the situation evolves.
thank you for your past support and continuing interest,
barry putegnat


the ocelot project
rancho caracol has made a long-term committment to wildlife conservation. consequently, we are especially proud to be teaming up with researchers from texas a&m kingsville and the caesar kleberg wildlife research institute on a new and important research project to study the habits of the endangered ocelot. click here for more information.



contact information
        toll free: 888-246-3164
        outside u.s.: 956-542-3482
        fax: 956-542-5765

        rancho caracol
        2424 village drive
        brownsville, tx 78521

        
        
    





"rancho caracol is, without a doubt, the best lodge i've ever stayed in."larry brunson, dds, the woodlands, texas

 













                            toll free: 888-246-3164 : outside u.s.: 956-542-3482 : fax: 956-542-5765
                            rancho caracol : 2424 village drive : brownsville, tx 78521
info@ranchocaracol.com















