






myron b. thompson academy
























loading...






mbta






home

about

overview
vision
faculty & staff
calendar
college & career
job opportunities



admission

registration
elementary(k-6)
secondary(7-12)
tea programs
summer program
visit our campus
course description
forms



student life

student achievements
exemplary student work
student handbook
faqs



governing board

board members
agenda
policies
governing board meeting schedule



enter course












myron b. thompson academy
a school for this generation
learn more about us



sy 2025-2026  
                                    new student registration is now open (grades k-12) apply now















myron b. thompson academy
shaping the future
explore us



sy 2025-2026  
                                    new student registration is now open (grades k-12) apply now















myron b. thompson academy
accelerate, specialize, activate...
read more



sy 2025-2026  
                                    new student registration is now open (grades k-12) apply now
















congratulations!
mbta's proud moments




myron b. thompson academy
mbta

myron b. thompson academy - new century pcs earned high national and metro-area rankings in 2024 best high schools.click her for more details about the rankings.




bruce nuevo
mbta, grade 8

bruce nuevo, grade 8, won gold in the state championships for men's gymnastics all-around on march 16, 2024. bruce will advance to the regional chyampionship in arizona.




myron b. thompson academy
mbta

myron b. thompson academy has earned bronze recognition on the 2023 ap school honor roll. the ap school honor roll recognizes schools whose ap programs are delivering results for students while broadening access. schools can earn this recognition annually based on criteria that reflect a commitment to increasing college-going culture, providing opportunities for students to earn college credit, and maximizing college readiness.




aaron akaka
mbta, grade 5

aaron akaka, grade 5, took 1st place at the latest hawaii triple crown - oahu open jiu jitsu tournament on september 21, 2024. he entered in the boys gi category, age 10-11. his family is so proud of him!
















location
mbta is ...
located in the heart of urban honolulu in the historic laniakea building, myron b. thompson academy is a continuously evolving new century public charter school.
the accelerated curriculum combines blended and interactive virtual instruction. our students are a diverse, eclectic mix of bright, self-motivated and interesting young people. they reside on all major hawaiian islands.


skilled teachers


online classes


offline classes


various activities


read more









curriculum
redesign in progress
course work continues to be accelerated. upper grade students will have the opportunity to specialize in the area of environmental, biomedical or computer science and activate achievable plans for the future.






accelerate

complete all core classes by the end of grade 11
work efficiently and manage time wisely








specialize

enter environmental science, biomedical science or computer science institutes at the end of junior year. work exclusively in the institute senior year
present research thesis and results to a formal panel








activate

culminate the high school experience with proficiency in analytical and critical thinking, oral and written communication, information, media and technology literary, collaboration
enter the future confidently with marketable knowledge and skills













contact
1040 richards street suite #220 honolulu hi 96813
(808)441-8000
(808)683-7062
info@ethompson.org








quick link
home
about us
calendar
board members
canvas
powerschool


hidoe
non-discrimination and anti-harrassment statement
equal education opportunity
ferpa
visitor code of conduct
operation search
mckinney-vento act
family household survey/free & reduced lunch form


wasc accredited









                        © myron b. thompson academy, all right reserved.

                        
                        designed by html codex



home
cookies
help
fqas



















