



home / eduweb
















































toggle navigation









portfolio
about
team
services
research
contact






















since 1996, aiming for the sweet spot where learning theory, digital technology, and fun meet.

eduweb develops award-winning digital learning games and interactives about art, history, science and technology. we bring our innovative ideas to our own games while also collaborating with museums and educational organizations around the country.











latest projects









wolfquest











traders & raiders











engineering the wright way











cryptoclub











white house dinner dash











into the book











cold war dare











china: diplomatic dragon











building detroit











a sailor's life for me!


















working with eduweb was extraordinary. from dave's initial site visit and brainstorming through the detailed design process, user testing and the final modifications, he was a remarkable partner, sharing ideas, creating easy-to-use design documents, and asking timely questions. his enthusiasm was contagious.  none of the team consider ourselves "gamers," but dave helped us through the entire process with great patience and insight. we are delighted with our two final products, and all the details he added to make our games unique for our organization and to ensure they met our learning outcomes.





jessa krick

associate director of collections, historic hudson valley 






our challenge was to create activities that could help young children understand and practice complex concepts like synthesizing or evaluating — and have fun at the same time. eduweb was quick to grasp the gist of what we wanted to teach, and then managed to turn our educators' vision into something delightful to look at and fun to use. as they guided us through the development process, they continually looked for solutions that would engage students in more meaningful ways. we are well satisfied with both the development process and the final product.





peggy garties

wisconsin media lab






eduweb's staff have been dedicated, thoughtful, and extremely conscientious about the quality, appeal, usability, and substance of our game. david schaller and his staff are patient and flexible and get the work done on time and budget. i can recommend eduweb to produce cool science that is engaging and educational.





laura w. martin, ph.d.

senior director, strategic initiatives, arizona science center






in my estimation eduweb is the best of the best. dave schaller and his team exceeded all expectations, taking our project to heights i never imagined possible. the website they created for the uss constitution museum will be a signature piece for us for years to come, and i will always look back at the experience as one of the highlights of my career.





sarah h. watkins

director of collections and learning uss constitution museum, boston






we chose eduweb not only for their technical expertise, but because they are a leader in the field of learning through gaming. our final product benefited not only from their creative art and programming, but also from their knowledge of learning theory and its application with our content. dave and his staff immersed themselves in detroit history, and helped us develop and write content. eduweb is a true museum education partner.





tobi voigt

director of education, detroit historical society






eduweb did a wonderful job helping us translate a difficult topic (small population genetics in zoos) into an entertaining, educational and user-friendly interactive for 7-12 grade students. we were extremely pleased with eduweb's process for creating, developing, testing and implementing the zoo matchmaker interactive.





grant spickelmeyer

education programs supervisor, minnesota zoo






we feel lucky to have chosen eduweb to design our educational website about the art of jean-michel basquiat. dave schaller, eduweb principal, was the greatest professional to work with. he understood his medium well and was more than willing to help us achieve our vision. we couldn't have asked for a better partner than eduweb. they managed this process with ease. our only question is when can we work together again?





radiah harper

vice-director for education and program development, brooklyn museum






our goal with the mobile app for our "life beyond earth" exhibit was to create an experience where our guests could interact with the exhibit in a new and different way. we chose eduweb because they had the best concept and were able to work within our budget. eduweb was a pleasure to work with. they went above and beyond to give us an exceptional product and a user-friendly content management system to keep the app content current. we were so pleased that we are working with eduweb on a similar app for another exhibit.





karen battee

maryland science center












interested in our learning game development services?
            contact us









                  © 1996-2025 eduweb. all rights reserved. eduweb is a registered trademark of eduweb, inc.
                

                  info@eduweb.com
                









































