







almost heaven - saunas, steamrooms and hot tub parts







































click on images for more information











call 304-645-2310
      

e-mail sales@almostheaven.net





        elegant, american-made prebuilt saunas and precut sauna kits, for home or public use, custom made to your specifications for the same cost as a mass produced sauna.
        we use only the highest quality materials, and offer quick factory direct delivery and an incredible variety of door, window and other options.
      





"...you never fail to answer me promptly, clearly, and completely. as i just said to my wife, we certainly bought our sauna kit at the right place.
		
		we have used the sauna five evenings in a row now, and will probably continue it on a daily basis. our skin is softer and cleaner (and not as dry) than ever, our spirits are renewed, we have energy at night for reading and love-making without feeling tired or groggy, and we sleep much better. we feel reborn." regards,        paul tate - pocatello, id
        december, 2010
      





        we offer the premier line of sauna heaters from harvia of finland either with or without our saunas at wholesale prices. with features like cast stainless construction for added durability and extra large stone compartments for added efficiency and the best performance, no one makes a better sauna heater than harvia. they are the largest sauna heater company in the world! with harvia from almost heaven, you get a superior heater for the
        same or less than a much lesser brand.  we also offer tylo sauna heaters.
      
















click on images for more information










call 304-645-2310
      

e-mail sales@almostheaven.net




        almost heaven sells wooden hot tub tanks packaged with superior custom support systems, featuring the highest quality supporting equipment. we also supply all manner of equipment
        and accessories, as well as design guidance and support for someone contemplating a homemade hot tub, and especially those made of masonry.
      




"being a resident of the uk, we were initially a little nervous about making such a big purchase from overseas, but after talking to art my mind was put at rest. he knew his products inside out, and was more than happy to reassuringly answer my seemingly endless stream of questions. thanks to art and his company almost heaven hot tubs, our self build project was a success. i have even built a website as a diary of our hot tub adventure.
	cheers art!"
	 paul maunders - aldershot, hampshire, u.k.
          may, 2006
          






            almost heaven also sells replacement parts and equipment for all brands and models of spas and hot tubs, our specialty being the hydro spa and premium leisure brands.
            
 whether you choose our wooden hot tub or build your own vessel, almost heaven has all the pool and spa equipment you'll need. we have access to just about every replacement part or piece of equipment for spas, hot tubs
            and saunas, including pumps, filters, heaters, chlorine eliminating ionizers, jets, liners, blowers, switches, fittings, etc. if you're looking
            for parts or support for your old almost heaven, ltd. product, this is the place.
          







if you don't see the above logo displayed, or if you see pricing lower than the prices
listed on this web site, then that company is likely not
authorized by the factory to
sell these products, and you can't depend on proper support or warranty from them!
the prices on these pages are the lowest we are permitted to post, but every order gets an
additional discount, and we will not be undersold.  please call, e-mail or chat for details.
steam generators and towel warmers
wholesale to the public!  we will not be undersold!


we ship these american made products worldwide!

steam generators and towel warmers for homes, hotels
& resorts, country clubs, and spas & health clubs




from units for the smallest residential spaces to the largest commercial
units available for public spaces, mr. steam® brand steam generators have a
steam generator solution that fits the need.



with their stainless steel construction, mr. steam® brand steam generators are designed
for strength and durability, combining safety with high reliability.








choose the product range that best suits your needs...



ms seriessteam generators



a wide variety of units made for
any size or type of residential
enclosure, and available with
a choice of controls.



cu seriessteam generators



the professional's choice
for commercial, public
installations of any
size or type.




ct seriessteam generators



the professional's
choice for small public
installations operating no
more than 6 hours per day.



steam@homesteam generators



perfect for small enclosures,
guest baths and starter homes.
generator includes everything 
needed to start steaming!




towel warmersfor home or club



electrically or hydronically heated
for both residential and public
installations. fashioned from solid
brass. wide variety of styles.











click on images for more information










call 304-645-2310
          

e-mail sales@almostheaven.net








            if you're looking for the perfect solution to store and display your wine collection, a heavenly wine room is perfect for you. all wooden wine room pieces are constructed from the same grade a select western red
            cedar as our saunas.
            
 whether you have a small room or closet that you'd like to convert to a wine room, prefer a free-standing modular wine locker model, or would simply like some furniture grade racking or a wine armoire            (pictured to the left) to compliment your home decor, we have exactly what you're seeking.
          






















almost heaven group
    638 glicks road
    renick  wv  24966
    telephone : 304-645-2310
e-mail : sales@almostheaven.net



















              featured on the nationally syndicated tv show wild, wild web







content of these web pages is copyright © 1996 - 2022 by almost heaven group 
      written permission is required prior to reproduction in whole or any part. all rights reserved.










