


















alaska weather






























a

                                    	laska weather.net





follow us








 today in
anchorage, united states




this weather data was last updated 2025-02-15 10:13:07. 


°f



30°f




                                	more detail
                                












5 days on...









 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 




















alaska weather
if you want to know myths about weather all you have to do is to read the ones about alaska weather. while it is true that alaska can be full of snow and ice you will not find glaciers floating everywhere. the summers are in fact rather nice in the summer months in alaska. its majestic beauty can be seen and that is why so many visitors head up north in the summer months. 
of course it is always recommended that you bring a jacket (yes, even in the summer) because alaska weather in the night time can get a bit chilly. anchorage is seen as one of the places with the most comfortable temperatures in the summer, and the best part is that there is very little humidity. if you are heading outdoors in alaska however it is important that you bring clothing that can dry quickly and that will keep moisture away from your body.
average temperatures
what a lot of people do not believe when they hear it is that the average temperatures for alaska weather in the summer are not as cold as they may think they are. anchorage as stated earlier has a nice average temperature in the summer of 70 f, but some parts in alaska have an average that is even higher. fairbanks for example has an average of 72 f in july. most of the state will have a lower average, but most of the rest of the state is covered with wilderness.
these higher temperatures are what allow people to enjoy their visits to alaska via cruise ship. the winter is another story altogether. december has the lowest average of any month in alaska weather. the average december temperature in the state is only 21 f for the month with november, january and february not faring much better. that means that the best time to visit alaska is by far in the summer.
clothing
even with the warmer averages in the summer it is important that you bring a jacket for the night time and just in case. keep in mind that the average temperatures of alaska weather means that some nights it will be cooler and others it will be warmer. you could be lucky and visit during the warmer days, but it is always recommended that you are prepared. another item that you need to pack when you are coming into alaska weather is a pair of sunglasses. the days are longer so you should be ready for that and protecting your eyes is very important. because the days are longer it can be hard to keep track of time so be ready to be surprised when you look at your watch.
endless nights
another myth when you visit alaska and when you think of alaska weather is that the state goes dark the whole winter. that is simply not the case. while the alaska weather is cooler in the winter and the days (and nights) can be longer, you would have to go way up north too experience winter with no sun. barrow at the top of the state does have a two month period when they do not see the sun in the winter, but that is not the case in anchorage and most of the south of the state. 
as far as the days without night, barrow again does have about 85 days when they do not have a night time in the summer, but most of the state will except for one or two days a year. this period of time is an actual marvel and a reason people love the alaska weather when they visit.
precipitation
this is the part of the alaska weather picture that everyone can take an educated guess with. yes, the state of alaska gets a lot of snow in the average, but it makes sense to look at the different places in the state because they can be very different. the best two examples you will have about the differences in the precipitation could be anchorage and juneau. juneau has an average above 50 inches when it comes to precipitation while anchorage receives about 16 inches. 
anchorage receives an average of 75 inches of snow every year, but some places can see a lot more snowfall even in the south of the state. some areas though receive far less precipitation every year the northern side of the kobuk river in the seward peninsula gets only ten inches of precipitation. one thing to remember about alaska weather is that it is all about location, location, location. 


 






                                         	headlines
                                        






















join the conversation in alaska 




please enable javascript to view the comments powered by disqus.










share alaska weather.net to your social network



























home
terms and conditions 
privacy 
about us
contact


weather information produced by search weather.net. forecasts produced under license from weather underground.


 © 2018 - search weather.net - all rights reserved  (ip) 









