

tenterbooks: from here to obscurity by yoel sheridan








 


see below 
      for from here to obscurity, 
    or click here for new book by yoel sheridan,"gold ducats and devilry afoot. an historical narrative of the trials and tribulations of henry simons a  polish jew in mid-eighteenth century england"




see below 
          for from here to obscurity, 
          or click here for chinthe women, women's 
          auxiliary service (burma) 1942-46, researched 
          and published by sally and lucy jaffe, daughter and granddaughter 
          of commandant nin taylor, who formed and led the was(b).
 
 






          another time. another war, aerial bombing, refugees, evacuees, and identity 
          cards
from here to 
          obscurity
a novel by
yoel sheridan 

isbn 0-9540811-0-2
£10.99 plus p&p (see below)
how to order in the uk
how to order in the usa


"(this book) brings to life those characters that made up the majority 
        of east european jewish immigrants who settled in the east end, with style 
        and perception that makes for an exciting and moving fusion of history 
        and literature." professor william j. fishman, author and london 
        historian.
"shulem was born in the same year as trotsky and einstein. of the 
        three, only shulem could make a decent pair of trousers"
 


‘from here to obscurity’ tells the story of the 
      now lost jewish east end of london through the eyes of shulem, an immigrant 
      from poland, his wife rivka, and yulus, their english born youngest son. 
      the opening half introduces us to the family, the thriving yiddish-speaking 
      community that inhabited the east end, its customs, landmarks and characters, 
      and its turbulent history including the poverty and fascist incursions. 
      we meet the family, shulem, the patriarch and upright worker - rivka, 
        the warm and sympathetic matriarch - and their eight children - the master 
        tailor, the three seamstresses, the socialist, the athletic author, the 
        school ‘station master’, and, of course, yulus, the youngest 
        whose arrival forces the family to move from their two room dwelling off 
        brick lane to a larger, yet still crowded, abode in goodman’s fields.
"an unforgettable book. the historical detail, anecdote, and vivid 
        descriptions of life - games, markets, traders, schnorrers, speaker's 
        corner hecklers, crockery merchants, petticoat lane and cable street, 
        russian vapour baths, jewish pilot crash landing in lampedusa, british 
        anti-semitism etc etc - have an epic, dickensian quality. the writing 
        is a great strength of the book, that is, the memory-observations, language, 
        speech and dialogue bring across the individuals and bit-players each 
        of whom embodies the bigger themes of the jewish east end." nick 
        barlay, author 
september 1st 1939 is the pivotal moment of the story. shulem escorts 
        yulus to be evacuated from london to safety, 
        as the nazis march into to shulem’s mother’s town in poland. 
        what follows is the destruction of the east end’s jewish homes and 
        infrastructure through the targeted bombings of hitler’s luftwaffe. 




"hardest of all, the luftwaffe will smash stepney. i 
      know the east end! those dirty jews and cockneys will run like rabbits into 
      their holes" lord haw-haw 
      yulus is evacuated along with his schoolmates at jews’ free central 
        school to ‘sohamelycambs’ in the fenlands, whilst shulem stays 
        behind in war torn london. their lives are shattered by the war. on the 
        morning after yulus's barmitzvah, he is unable to enter his home because 
        of the thousand pound unexploded bomb that hitler sends him as a birthday 
        present. his school in the country finally closes due to lack of staff 
        caused by recruitment into the armed forces, and he has to take his matriculation 
        under the threatening onslaught of the german v-1 flying bombs. later, 
        even after the nazi concentration camps are liberated, over twenty members 
        of his youth club are killed in the last german v-2 rocket to fall on 
        london.








shulem's relatives are caught up in the holocaust. his mother, sister 
        and family, who remained in poland, are transported to the treblinka death 
        camp. he doesn't know the fate of his brother and family who lived in 
        hamburg in germany. but after the jewish hagganah in palestine accidentally 
        sink the patria, a british deportation ship, another brother and family, 
        escaping from danzig, are deported to the island of mauritius in the indian 
        ocean for the duration of the war.
despite all these traumatic historical events, 'from here to obscurity' 
        is an uplifting tale of human warmth, humour and solidarity in the midst 
        of overwhelming global forces.
yoel sheridan, author of 'from here to obscurity', was born in the east 
        end of london in 1928. some years ago, whilst watching television, he 
        saw joseph burg, the then israeli justice minister, on a visit to his 
        one-time home town in germany, pointing to an undamaged building and saying 
        that that was where he had lived prior to being forced to leave germany 
        due to the rise of nazism. "i turned to my wife tova and said how 
        strange. why strange? she asked. well, i said, i cannot visit my previous 
        abode in the east end of london, because it was totally destroyed by the 
        german bombers in world war two. not only was my house destroyed, but 
        the whole street. destroyed too, were my infant and senior schools, the 
        synagogue in which i had my barmitzvah and the infrastructure of the thriving 
        jewish yiddish speaking community that lived there prior to the outbreak 
        of the war." so began, yoel's research into the history of the yiddish 
        speaking east end between the wars, and finally this novel that faithfully 
        re-creates that community and its demise, through the eyes of one family. 
        yoel has lived in israel since 1973.





 reviews
location location location by emma klein, london jewish chronicle, 
        22-02-02 
"yoel sheridan's meticulous reconstruction of the yiddish-speaking 
        east end of 1933-1945..... certainly succeeds in breathing life and vibrancy 
        into a locality and a way of life which, the author asserts, have largely 
        been consigned to oblivion, both by the german bombers and the absence 
        of written records.... shulem and rivka .... are characters who earn the 
        reader's sympathy. so too does their youngest son, yulus..... however.... 
        it is not the characters but the pulsating vigour of the east end and 
        the era itself which are the protagonists of what may be described as 
        a memoir of time and place.... the rise of nazism and the second world 
        war are major background events. nearer home, the assertiveness of the 
        local fascists is well drawn in a comprehensive description of the so-called 
        "battle of cable street".... (from here to obscurity) 
        is a serious tale which will be of considerable interest to any student.... 
        of the old jewish east end."
a london jewish world that is no more by alexander zvielli, jerusalem 
        post, 30-11-01 
        "this is a well-executed historical novel about london's jewish east 
        end, covering the 1933-1945 period......sheridan is successful in portraying 
        the character types that we could just as easily find in lodz or the lower 
        east side of new york....... from here to obscurity is a historically 
        perceptive and exciting chronicle that gives us a moving fusion of history 
        and literature. local author yoel sheridan does a good job of bringing 
        us the ambiance, lifestyle and nostalgic humor of london's east end. indeed, 
        i found the historical descriptions absorbing."
        download full jerusalem post review text as word 
        document (22k)
a look back at life in the east end by joe swinburne, essex jewish 
        news, march 2002
"from here to obscurity (is) the story of a family of 
        jewish immigrants from eastern europe living in the east end of london 
        during the 1930s and 1940s. (it) is the base from which the author projects, 
        in much detail, the events of those years... the struggles through poverty, 
        typified by overcrowded tenement housing, low wages and frequent unemployment, 
        are described in a sensitive and absorbing manner... the author shows 
        an incredible determination throughout to include a ....detailed description 
        of events..... from hitlerite germany to the games played on the streets, 
        from the evacuation of children from the city to a typical seder night, 
        from the horrors of the blitz to the equipping of a boy about to start 
        at jews' free school in bell lane - all are recounted with perception 
        and compassion....yoel sheridan has performed a service to the history 
        of the jews in this country.... from here to obscurity is an accurate 
        and fascinating chronicle of life in the jewish east end during the 1930s 
        and 1940s that fills a gap that has existed for too long."

an accurate portrayal of london's east end that no longer exists by 
        rachel regan, new zealand jewish chronicle, june 2002
this semi autobiographical historical novel takes you through the 
        years 1933-45 in the yiddish-speaking area of the east end of london. 
        having lived there through these years, this book to me is a treasure. 
        everything is so true and brilliantly told, i felt as though i had been 
        transported back there again. the friendship - menschlichkeit - of the 
        folk is something to recall with a sense of loss for the good old days 
        while family life is portrayed with compassion and made so easy to understand. 
        the author translates yiddish phrases immediately - no need to constantly 
        refer to the back pages! jewish traditions and holidays celebrated are 
        detailed so accurately i could picture myself sitting round the 'seder' 
        table. looking back, life in the east end was never easy, but it was a 
        life where you were surrounded by caring, hospitable people........the 
        family life of the main characters, shulem and rivka, are warmly told. 
        their efforts to adjust to a strange country where they didn't speak the 
        language, whilst worrying about family left behind in germany and russia, 
        was typical of the concerns of many of the residents. it is an accurate 
        portrayal of the jewish east end that no longer exists and is well worth 
        a read. it's absorbing, enjoyable and so wonderfully told, that i'll be 
        continuing to refer to my copy whenever i'm feeling nostalgic.
sheltered 
        from the war, ely standard, 27-12-2001
for full review as a jpg image (155k) click on image.
 
 
 
beneath the big shadow of war - touching but funny account of an east 
        end jewish family by john rennie, east end life, july 2003
.... it's grim, but it's funny and touching too .... it's called a 
        novel, but it's probably the most 'real' book about the east end of the 
        thirties and forties that you'll read this year.
american association of jewish libraries' newsletter - september/october 
        2003 by suzanne smailes, wittenberg university
        "yoel sheridan writes a novel that appears to be close to his heart. 
        this is a book about the east end in london during the years 1933-1945, 
        where forty percent of jewish londoners lived. the story follows shulem, 
        a master tailor, and his family during these crucial years of hitler's 
        rise to power, the rising anti-semitism in london, and the purposeful 
        bombing of the jewish section of london by the germans. the story follows 
        the ups and downs of pre-war and wartime life in the yiddish community 
        of london. shulem, his wife rivka and their youngest son yulus are the 
        eyes and narrative voices for the story. this is a well-researched and 
        interesting novel of jewish life in a city that is not often mentioned 
        in holocaust studies....recommended...."
 a 
        london jewish world that exists only on paper by marilyn h karfeld, 
        cleveland jewish news, 8-12-2003
carbon 
        copy of his life in yoel sheridan's book by les bentley, cleveland 
        jewish news, 15-01-2004





how 
        to order

        for orders in the uk see 1. below; for orders in usa see 2. below; 
first published by tenterbooks 2001.  printed in the uk. uk price £10.99
          plus p&p (see 
        below). contact tenterbooks
distributed by central books ltd, 99 wallis road, london e9 5ln, england. 
        tel no. (+44) (0)208 986 4854.

isbn 0-9540811-0-2 
1. the book can be ordered in the uk from:
        a) any good bookshop
        b) now available on amazon.co.uk
        c) from central books ltd, 99 wallis road, london e9 5ln - make cheques 
        payable to central books. add p&p (see g below)
        tel no. (+44) (0)208 986 4854
        d) by credit card from central books. email mo@centralbooks.com. 
        please include all credit card details - card type, name on card, 
        card number, and expiry date. and don't forget your delivery address! 
        or tel no. (+44) (0)208 986 4854 
        e) booksellers, please contact sales@centralbooks.com 
        or tel no. (+44) (0)208 986 4854

g) postal rates*: 
        uk & ireland: add £2.00 per book for p&p
        europe: add £2.50 per book for p&p
world zone 2: this includes australia, nz, japan. add £4.50 per 
        book for p&p
world zone 1: all other places not included above. includes usa, canada, 
        south africa. add £4.00 per book for p&p
        if unsure which postal zone you fall into please contact mo@centralbooks.com.
      *these may have changed so please check with central books
2. usa: henry hollander, bookseller, 843 
        twenty-fourth avenue, san francisco, ca 94121
http://www.hollanderbooks.com 
        - tel: 415-831-3228 - fax 415-831-3226





