


international viewpoint - online socialist magazine




















































home


iv online magazine



debate


features


documents of the fi


links


reviews section

index 



contact us











 



international viewpoint - online socialist magazine


international viewpoint, the monthly english-language magazine of the fourth international, is a window to radical alternatives world-wide, carrying reports, analysis and debates from all corners of the globe. correspondents in over 50 countries report on popular struggles, and the debates that are shaping the left of tomorrow.


 international viewpoint online magazine






belgium: massive demonstration against the federal government 
16 february, by  lcr-sap
on thursday 13 february, 2025, 100,000 people marched through the streets of brussels in response to a call from the trade union common front: a multitude of sectors (trade unions, feminists, anti-fascists, among many others) mobilised against the all-out attacks by the new federal government, the “arizona coalition” which has been in power in belgium since the beginning of february. this remarkable turnout represents a real acceleration in social tension. the gauche anticapitaliste (belgian section of the fourth international ) was present and marched with commune colère, a unitary pole bringing together workers from many backgrounds (trade union left, feminist, anti-racist and anti-fascist collectives, environmental activists and so on), whose bloc brought together several hundred people around combative slogans.
read article...


usa
trumps’ first days in power: is the us heading toward fascism?
15 february, by  kay mann
trump’s narrow victory in the popular vote in the november 2024 us presidential elections has given rise to speculation that the us is headed towards authoritarianism and even fascism. while a full discussion and definition of fascism is beyond the scope of this article, and the trump presidency at this writing is only one week old, a flurry of presidential decrees issued within the first few days give an indication of what can be expected.
read article...


 africa
lethal trumpery in africa
14 february, by   paul martial
in a matter of seconds, the time it takes to sign, trump and musk put the lives of millions of people in danger, confirming the precariousness of aid from rich countries.
read article...


ukraine
ukraine three years after all‑out invasion: continue solidarity and support
13 february, by  fred leplat, 
liz lawrence
fred leplat and liz lawrence explore the situation facing ukraine today and key solidarity tasks in the months ahead.
read article...


middle east
trumps nightmare for gaza based on longstanding zionist hope
12 february
roland rance explores the continuity between trumps outrageous proposals for gaza and the longterm approach of all currents of zionism
read article...




...and the rest of the current issue


environment
flooding in rennes, the weather to blame?


usa
trump-musk coup leads to resistance in the courts and in the streets


middle east
palestine: in gaza and the west bank, the ceasefire does not stop israel’s colonial machine 


ecuador
leonidas iza: “elections are an extension of the people’s struggle”


niger
niger: for the release of moussa tchangari


all articles


recently posted features


usa
after the fire: reconstructing los angeles towards abolition
29 january, by  promise li 
when the eaton fire first began its retreat from altadena, i was in one of many self-organized mutual aid teams scattered across the area, cleaning up debris. around this time, i connected with some black community members who had just lost their homes. they had returned from evacuation almost immediately to help coordinate mutual aid for their neighbors. but they were harassed by the police as they tried to return to their homes. hundreds of armed california national guard, summoned by los angeles police and sheriffs, had effectively begun occupying parts of altadena. the fires already disproportionately affected western altadena, the historically black area of the city where most of the deaths have been located so far and where residents were given notices to evacuate hours after those in majority-white areas of altadena were informed. [1]
read article...


in memory of patrice lumumba, assassinated on 17 january 1961
27 january, by  éric toussaint
on 17 january 2025, we commemorate the 64th anniversary of the assassination of patrice lumumba (1925-1961).
read article...


ukraine
ukraine’s debt: an instrument of pressure and spoliation in the hands of creditors
26 january, by  éric toussaint
in the present article the author focuses on ukraine’s debt since the 1990s and more particularly in the years after the invasion of ukraine by russia in 2022. it provides answers to several questions. who are ukraine’s creditors? how much are they owed? what do they demand in exchange for their loans? what part does the european union play? why does ukraine’s integration into the eu go against the ukrainian people’s interests? what is done with frozen russian assets? why should ukraine’s debt be cancelled? why does zelensky oppose any cancellation? what are the alternatives to current indebtedness? some questions are not addressed for want of space such as the stage the conflict has reached, the provision of weapons, the debates within the left.
read article...


environment
environmental and climate debt: who is responsible?
18 january, by   maxime perriot, 
éric toussaint
the concepts of climate debt and ecological debt are central to successfully achieving the ecological bifurcation. the ecological debt owed by states – and in particular the wealthiest states and major corporations – of the north to the populations of the global south must be recognized. that recognition must take the form of cancellation of the debt of the countries of the global south and paying of reparations by the states of the north. the latter must compel the wealthiest interests to contribute and assume responsibility for climate disruption and for taking the actions that are urgently needed to limit its consequences and its aggravation to the maximum extent possible.
read article...




1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
157






news from the fi, the militant left and the social movements


philippines
holcim philippines against cement workers (mindanao): end the lockout! support the workers just demands! 
 february 2025
 we, the different human rights and organizations of agricultural workers and sectors in mindanao firmly stand in solidarity with the deprived and exploited workers of the holcim philippines incorporated lugait, misamis oriental mindanao plant. we call on holcim philippines incorporated to listen to the just demands of the workers and their families. - read article... 


france
put an end to macron and the fifth republic! 
  statement by the new anti-capitalist party (npa-l’anticapitaliste)
 december 2024
 after the vote of no confidence, let’s finish with macron and the 5th republic!
the result was clear: 331 votes in favour of the no confidence motion. the barnier government resigned and the austerity budget law fell. this illegitimate government, a symbol of macron’s decomposition of the macron presidency, had no future. the promise of ever more austerity and authoritarianism has been rejected by the vast majority of the population. - read article... 


ukraine
ukrainian care workers’ union growth shows strength, resilience during war  
 november 2024
 in the heart of a war-torn nation, ukraine’s care workers are showing extraordinary resilience and unity in some of the most difficult conditions imaginable. through their union be like nina (bln), these healthcare heroes are organizing under challenging circumstances not just to protect their livelihoods and improve their jobs but also to strengthen a healthcare system stretched to its limits. - read article... 


brazil
standing in solidarity with the pepsico workers’ strike in brazil! 
 november 2024
 “brazilian civil society, social movements and trade unions are campaigning in solidarity with the pepsico strike.” - read article... 


marxism/fourth international
publishing a new collection of writings by daniel bensaïd 
 october 2024
 new and expanded edition of strategies of resistance by daniel bensaïd (1946 – 2010) one france’s most creative marxist philosophers. his work is now increasingly being translated and attracting global attention. - read article... 










international viewpoint is published under the responsibility of the bureau of the fourth international. signed articles do not necessarily reflect editorial policy. articles can be reprinted with acknowledgement, and a live link if possible.





we need your help to get our message across! send donations payable to international viewpoint 10b windsor rd n7 6jg, britain - or why not donate online:
			















site map
	  | log in | 
	contact |
	rss 2.0


	accessibility





