


it's the soup of the day























    
	it's the soup of the day
	
  
just when i thought you couldn't do anything dumber, you do something like this... and completely redeem yourself!



1.23.2009



	 dear mickey rourke..
    


please wash your hair. 



posted by bordenia! @ 2:00 pm  

      
         3 comments






12.23.2008



	 the grahambler's sausage dip!
    


after many requests i thought i would post the recipe for the super easy and super delicious sausage dip inspired by the grahambler!  sorry i didn't take any pictures last time i made it. next time i will, i promise.1 package (the tube kind) of hot pork breakfast sausage (can sub with turkey or veggie sausage)1 block of cream cheese (room temperature)1 can of rotel diced chilis and tomatoes (drained but retain 1/4 cup of liquid)shredded cheesepreheat oven to 350 degreescook sausage and drainmix cooked sausage with cream cheese add rotel and reserved liquid mix everything togethertransfer mix into a casserole dish and sprinkle with cheesecook for approx 20 minutes or until hot and bubblyserve with fritos scoops!  i guarantee it'll be a hit at any party!up next...the best corn casserole you've ever tasted!   happy holidays!



posted by bordenia! @ 4:50 pm  

      
         0 comments









	 i see mumbai i see france...
    


this weekend was very worldly for bordenia. on friday night after an unsuccessful hunt for a holiday sweater for rommie, we braved the parking lots and the crowed to see slumdog millionaire. i can easily say it was one of the best movies i have seen in such a long time. the story is both emotional and heart warming and the acting is amazing. at the end of the movie i was ready pull a brangelina and adopt a little indian baby just like jamal.on sunday, in lieu of presents the besties and i (laura, sara and la) headed out to mon ami gabi for some quality time together (sans babies and boys!) as always, i brought my new camera to document the whole meal. we started out sampling all the red and white wines with their rolling wine cart. what an ingenious idea! my favorite was the pinot noir- yum yum! for appetizers i started with the butternut squash soup, while la and sara had the salade masion (aka house salad for all you non frenchies).  mon ami gabi is famous for their steak frites.laura had the artic char special while sara, la and i dined on the steak frites with a variety of dipping sauces.finally we finished the night with the chocolate souffle and the banana foster crepe.other than some issues getting our side dish of macaroni and cheese, it was overall a very delicious dinner. i can't wait for misleh kid pj brunch on new years day! délicieux! 



posted by bordenia! @ 3:56 pm  

      
         2 comments






12.16.2008



	 cookies and cameras, oh my!
    


between booz, crate, wedding planning and the holidays my winter has been very hectic! i apologize for the lack of posts on the soup- i promise to try and do better in the future. i decided to buy myself a christmas present that i have been wanting for a really long time. bordenia is now busting onto the photography scene with her new canon eos rebel xs digital slr camera. with all the exciting events for the wedding and honeymoon coming up i thought this would be a perfect time to splurge!after some back and forth with buy.com my new camera finally came in the mail yesterday. just in time for our cook bake-off at work! after glancing through the users manual and decided to take it for a spin. here is my first ever picture with my new camera:look pretty tasty, huh?   in case you are interested these are my own modifications to paula deens' chocolate gooey butter cookies.  here is the recipe: 1- block of cream cheese (room temp)1- stick of butter (room temp)1- tsp of vanilla1- egg1- box of cake mix (you can use any kind, for the cookies above i used double fudge chocolate)2- cups of mini chocolate chips1- tub of vanilla icing beat the cream cheese and butter until smooth.  mix in the vanilla and the egg.  slowly add the cake mix (it gets very hard to mix so recommend you use a kitchen aid mixer) until mixed.fold in the chocolate chips and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.  when you are ready to bake preheat the oven to 350 and roll the batter into balls.  bake for 11 minutes.  once cooled completely, put the icing into a decorating bag (i used a ziploc) and decorate! these cookies are so gooey and they taste like little chocolate cake cookies.  next time i am going to use funfetti!! enjoy! 



posted by bordenia! @ 10:49 am  

      
         2 comments






8.26.2008



	 it's the egg express
    


this handy little tool is well worth the revitalization of the soup.   this morning after body pump i was really craving a hard boiled egg.  well, i didn't feel like boiling all the water and then trying to time it- so i busted out my egg express and in less than 5 minutes i had 3 perfectly done hard-boiled eggs.it comes with this little measuring cup that measures out exactly how much water you need based on how you want them done (soft, medium or hard-boiled) and how many eggs you are cooking.   you stick this little pin prick in the top of the egg (so they don't explode like bs has learned) add the water and off you go!if you thought it was easy to make the perfect hard-boiled egg, this just made it 10x easier.  you don't have to boil water or watch the clock!  next party, i'll bring the deviled eggs.



posted by bordenia! @ 3:18 pm  

      
         2 comments






6.19.2008



	 humbao!
    


what is the humbao you ask? well other than just being a fun thing to say- it's a delish little sweet bun with a barbecue pork-ish filling stuffed inside. the fascination with humbao first started with a little korean lady at the costco convinced zack to buy a package. it comes with 4 cute little buns and a yummy asian slaw. ever since zack's initial purchase, humbao has been a constant topic of conversation (exciting, huh). luckily rommie and i bought our own little buns on tuesday for dinner.here is some more information on this little sweet new friend of mine:http://www.goonswithspoons.com/home_baked_char_siu_bao_(hum_bao)



posted by bordenia! @ 11:19 am  

      
         1 comments






6.17.2008



	 the borden family!
    


so my brother and sister-in-law were in town for the weekend! we had a great weekend including having lunch and phillips in the harbor and catching a baseball game up at camden yards.  here are some pictures:



posted by bordenia! @ 3:13 pm  

      
         0 comments









	 congrats jack and todd!
    


we had a great time this weekend at jacqueline and todd's wedding at the dulles hyatt! yay for the hyatt brides! the scallops wrapped in bacon and the sam's summer ale were a treat! a great time was had by all! hope you're having a relaxing honeymoon!



posted by bordenia! @ 3:08 pm  

      
         1 comments






5.29.2008



	 jack d's memorial madness!
    


sorry i am a little slow updating- ever since i made my way home from dewey, i have fallen quite under the weather. i am not sure how all the vodka didn't kill those germs!well what a fantasic weekend that was had by all. many thanks to the awesome bm's who did such a great job planning and executing jacqueline's bachelorette party. it would take far too long to discuss everything that happened this weekend, so here is my top 10 (from what i can remember)10. sticky buns, eclair cake and grotto pizza (yum)9. grocery store feet8. dbp (aka douche bag patrol)7. indian men everywhere6. poo dollar5. kristen's "artwork"4. eaton beavers3. flip cup with champagne2. millenium (aka liam, aka ed hardy)1. rommie's friend jacqueline (aka the awesome bride to be!)



posted by bordenia! @ 1:57 pm  

      
         2 comments











about me

name:  bordenia! 
location:  vienna, va, united states 
i like turtles.
view my complete profile



links

the beglis family
this is the true story of sara*
the essama family
the sullivans in the dirty dirty
the sawyers awesome adventures
all about jacqueline
kera bagheera
jamie's foods and finds
the best baking blog- ever

previous posts

dear mickey rourke..
the grahambler's sausage dip!
i see mumbai i see france...
cookies and cameras, oh my!
it's the egg express
humbao!
the borden family!
congrats jack and todd!
jack d's memorial madness!
congrats dc!

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
june 2006
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
august 2008
december 2008
january 2009









 













