
































homepage | state university of new york at fredonia (suny fredonia)













skip to main content
















news/events


map/tour


give


info for



current students


incoming students


parents/families


faculty/staff


alumni




apply 


















click to go to the homepage.













news/events


map/tour


give


info for



current students


incoming students


parents/families


faculty/staff


alumni




apply 







about



fast facts


events calendar


community


diversity and inclusion


leadership





academics



majors & programs


summer sessions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


winter session j-term


study abroad


academic advising


continuing & community ed





admissions



first-year


transfer


international


graduate


visit fredonia





scholarships & aid



financial aid


scholarships


tuition & costs





student life



housing


dining


clubs & organizations


health, wellness & support


athletics & recreation
































 
experience fredonia















65+ majors and programs 
a distinguished, student-centered education with small classes taught and mentored by a faculty of scholars.

all majors and programs




















understand the 12-to-1 student-faculty ratio
choosing a college is a significant decision, and understanding the benefits of a low student-faculty ratio can help you make an informed choice.

why it matters




















tackle the world's biggest questions.



limitless liberal arts & humanities
 as lifelong learners, liberal arts students approach the world as they find it, not as they wish it to be.

liberal arts and humanities




















chart your musical future
award-winning faculty, proven success, and innovative music programs await you.

school of music




















what could you do in stem?



be a problem solver
with immersive hands-on learning and state-of-the-art facilities, fredonia molds visionary stem leaders.

stem at fredonia




















transformational education
fredonia expands the college of education to include health sciences and human services programs.

discover education at fredonia










































            affordability + value
          
world-class learning, remarkably low tuition, and unmatched value



















            investing in students
          
$24m grants & scholarships, including $4.3m merit aid last year





















            discover the real you
          
countless ways to engage with over 120 clubs and organizations 

















i am interested in...

search

















why pay more?
a vibrant, affordable campus

























suny fredonia
annual tuition and fees$24,421includes room and boardas low as $1,761/yr (fees only) with nys excelsior scholarship.excellent educational opportunities12:1 student-to-faculty ratioclasses and study abroad at suny's 64 campuses enduring commitment to affordabilitytuition and costs






regional private universities
average annual tuition and fees$61,819includes room and boardaverage 2024-2025 published tuition & fees at 12 regional private colleges higher tuition costs - 250% of suny fredonia's!limited financial aidlimited programs to explore and research opportunitiesrisk of starting a career with significant student debt









the right choice
affordable, quality education









long-term value
tuition well below the national average makes a high-quality fredonia education an asset as you start your career.











nationally-ranked public university
ranked among the top public universities in the north by u.s. news and world report, forbes, and money magazine.











individualized attention
with a 12:1 student to faculty ratio, small class sizes ensure your connection with our award-winning faculty.











energetic campus
with hundreds of events, clubs, games, and activities, there's always something waiting after class.













when we speak
creativity shapes our purpose
view all









 






i love the creativity, open-mindedness, diversity, and uniqueness here at fredonia. it simply feels like my home away from home.

harmony buchanan

									  class of 2024
psychology







 






as a transfer student, meeting new people was intimidating at first. everyone i've met so far has been incredibly supportive. transferring to suny fredonia has been an enriching experience that's helped me grow academically, professionally, and socially. i've quickly built new meaningful connections that will last well beyond my time at fredonia.

hunter burczyk

									  class of 2024
biology







 






my favorite spot is the cozy café area in the rac center, with those plush chairs facing huge windows. there's something so uplifting about soaking in the daylight and natural views. the staff is always so welcoming, and the variety is amazing -- whether i'm craving a bacon, egg and cheese wrap or just a blueberry bagel. i never leave disappointed.

caitlyn hampe

									  class of 2027
early childhood/childhood education







 






it’s like a home away from home. it’s a safe environment to learn, hang out with friends, get work done, and prepare for my future.

ethan j thompson

									  class of 2025
music education







 






fredonia's campus is so welcoming that it's easy to get involved. last semester, i attended my first activities night and joined the fredonia women's rugby team - one of the best decisions i've ever made. i found my community, my family, right here at fredonia.

morgan brown

									  class of 2027
music education







 






i've met a lot of people in clubs and organizations whom i wouldn't know otherwise. it's really cool to meet people who are so encouraging for you to try new things. you never know what opportunities you might bump into or who you might connect with.

rebekah gerace

									  class of 2027
photography
















around campus 












 





alumnus wins emmys

  school of music alumnus steve “major” giammaria, ʼ06, received multiple 2024 emmy awards for his work on the popular show, “the bear.”






 



view the latest events at fredonia











be




 




purpose drives our passion













256 acres of big blue












find your way


                  campus map















0%


      first-year students receive a grant or scholarship
    





$0m


      in total scholarships awarded annually
    





0+


      majors, 50+ minors
    





0:1


      student to faculty ratio
    



















your first impression












learn more


								tour fredonia

















							take the next step
						
request info
visit
apply















contact us | 716-673-3111





























campus map


who do i call for ... ?


emergencies & closings











faculty/staff directory


careers


logins



email


fredlearn


fredpass


my.fred


starfish


yourconnection


tracker


answers


drupal login


drupal help






















click to go to the homepage.




© 2024 state university of new york at fredonia - 280 central avenue - fredonia, nynon-discrimination statement | campus safety report | privacy | web feedback




















