


sami site: cutesite builder - csb support / trellix support and tutorials 




























 

           
 powered by freefind
























a personal site for samantha conway


















 color selector! 

frequently asked questions
(under construction)



see  what people are looking for!
list of most popular searches of this site



web design
(csb tests/tutorials)





web building resources 



links to helpful
sites and programs
>upgrade to csb<



csb frequently asked questions 





work with photos 



photo borders
transparent gif
image names
animated images
photo with sound
lake applet updated
slideshows:
side to side
up down
gallery layouts



publish settings 



publishing tutorial
publishing errors
subdirectories!
meta tags keywords
spiders and robots
frames - no frames
csb known issues
csb wish list
using ftp



test area 1 



tables
background image
form in a table
printable form
folding menu trees
menu buttons
hidden site map
anchors
double borders



test area 2 



iframes:
scrolling & static
link styles:
individual-inline
link targets
glowing links
group-css
csb rollover
arrowhead titlebar
color blind?
websafe fonts
placeholder images
streaming audio
hover tooltip

overlib tooltips


disguise email
blinking text
alert boxes
link border tests
calculating forms



extra fun stuff 



floating images
floating ani image
falling images
curling corner ad



page backgrounds 



watermarks & slideshows
background images
borders:turn on-off
border priority
bordered i
bordered thin


many more tutorials are available!

click a tutorial on the left. the page includes an expanded menu for that directory.  or choose a purple button for the indexes.







    visit the  
 samisite webmaster community forum: support  for web design software 








please mouseover this overlib link to see

why i highly recommend my website host!

 
web hosting by totalchoice hosting






this site has a dual purpose!



  left side

csb support: many web design tutorials using cutesite builder or trellix including sample html and javascript code are accessed through the links on the left. 

right side 

are links to my personal pages.







>>> 


 <<<

please disable your pop-up blocker for this site.
i use popups for images and other things




do you own a bmw? 
 please post your problems on this blog!





looking for a quick form to implement?

read this post on the samisite forum for some alternatives.  i use free emailmeform on the awebwench website design elements website.



the samisite webmaster community forum supplements the globalscape support forum. csb and trellix have a home here, but this forum also offers wysiwyg alternatives for the csb and trellix products like site spinner, xara web designer and others. visit and share with other users of the same website building software that you use in a positive and fun environment.  let us help you now and when ready, help you to make the move to other software that we can also support.

    move forward with us     



csb 5 information:
 windows 7 and csb 5 demo area
 instructions for upgrading to csb5 

 see csb 5 demo templates, buttons & more 

all the changes & new features demonstrated

with screen prints and  instructions









 click here to see csb 5 updates and upgrades to the program! 
many of our wishes were granted!






read comments on the globalscape forum.



sales of csb stopped as of june 30, 2006.

what does this mean to the users of csb?

read about it on the new samisite forum.
 click here to visit the gs  forum to read more 
   instructions for saving the downloaded installation file to your computer are here.  
=======================
      

click here to see other sites built with csb & trellix! 
  online reference manuals  










 


 
the site is growing, so please visit again soon
want to link to this site? link graphics and code are available. 






being happy doesn't mean everything's perfect. 
it means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections!













privacy policy:   i hate spam!  i do not send it!
i would not knowingly provide your information to any third party.



see your ip address




these tutorials are based on questions posted on the globalscape cutesite builder forum for csb and older pc-based trellix programs. some are also tests of specific designs.  these are not intended to show the only way something is done.  as with most things, there is often an alternate way of doing the same task.  yada yada disclaimer: use of any of the code and/or instructions is at your own risk and constitutes agreement that i am not to be held accountable for any problems, damages or loss that may occur.



sample dynamic menus made with all web menus:

no frames      with frames plain       menu across frames
(works in ie & mozilla)





personal













family pics 
pet pics 
quilting 
beautiful pics 
florida 
why purple? 
sounds 
stuff 
contact me  
arrested! 







used to be able to leave a message here in this space.  looking for alternative.....



comments and suggestions welcome!

 






note:  this is a user to user site not paid for, supported or endorsed by globalscape or trellix corporation. if you would like to contribute to the maintenance of this site, you can use the paypal button below. 


donate!







i'm paypal verified 



















(read about daylight savings time here)


(site designed for 800x600 resolution)




contents of this web site and all original works are copyright ©2002-2010 samantha conway  - all rights reserved

the material on this site may not be taken, reproduced, distributed, transmitted or otherwise used

except with the prior written permission of owner, samantha bissell conway
