 


home
































â (480) 649 9804




email garyâ 



gary wilkes dogs!



world class training and behavior services



phoenix area​behavior services



home



blog



school



about



servicesâ 



seminars



advanced training servicesâ 



for vets












homeaboutservicescontacttraining seminarshousetrainingaggession and operant conditioningfor vetshousetraining 101dealbreakerstrainingservicesseminarsbehavior servicesbehavior topicsdogaggressionschoolformattopicsportaltuitionprogramsupandrunningmeatandpotatoesspecialty


the premier school for advanced dog training skills and knowledge!â 










gary wilkes 


world class training for your dog


gary wilkes is an internatonally acclaimed trainer and behaviorist. he has more than 30 years experience working with the highest degrees of difficulty in virtually all working-dog genres, including service dogs, guide dogs, search and rescue, sporting dogs and teaching clicker training at the us army special operations command dog training center at ft. bragg. his true passion is helping pet owners with everything from puppy starter-training to the most serious of behavior problems - primarily by veterinary referral. if you want the best training you can find for your dog, gary wilkes can provide it - your way. his commitment to customizing the trainer to match each owner and dog is the ruling factor of your training. give him a 'wish list' and see how much you can accomplish! 






â© 2018















1


private in-home training
gary wilkes spent 8 years working in shelters listening to dog owners giving up their animals. he built his private in-home training service with that in mind. he does the 'heavy lifting' and then passes the baton to give dog owners fast, effective solutions that propel their relationship to new levels. 













2


behavior services
solving behavior problems may be the path to keeping your dog. rather than using methods that take months to work, gary wilkes has created behavior solutions that are simple, effective and quick. they can be easily maintained by anyone. 














3


training seminars
gary wilkes has been giving seminars to dog trainers for 30 years. his areas of expertise cover all forms of working and competition dogs. if you are interested in dramatically increasing your skills as a trainer, attending one of gary's seminars is a must. 











homeaboutservicescontacttraining seminarshousetrainingaggession and operant conditioningfor vetshousetraining 101dealbreakerstrainingservicesseminarsbehavior servicesbehavior topicsdogaggressionschoolformattopicsportaltuitionprogramsupandrunningmeatandpotatoesspecialty


read more






read more



read more








safe handling instruction




gary wilkes is a master handler. he honed his skills working in shelters, where fractious, violent animals are the norm. he teaches groomers, shelter workers and vet staff how to safely handle animals in a working envirnonment. he offers hands-on instruction to dog care professionals at all levels and in all practical settings. 





consulting



consulting services:massachusetts institute of technology (mit), boston, mathe seeing eye, morristown, njpaws with a cause, grand rapid, michiganus army special operations dog training command (delta force)canadian police k9 handlers national certificationmember emeritus, arizona humane society board of directors




gary'sâ  broad experience over four decades is a good reason to trust wilkes' skills as a trainer. his abiliity to solve problems and teach solutions makes his knowledge invaluable - war dogs,â  service dogs, search and rescue, sporting dogs, all forms of competitionâ  and everything in between.â 








my goal is to give you the dog you always wanted.â 





