






















lakefield llp

















































skip to content



careers
news & articles
contact us
 


get started
areas of expertise

administrative & regulatoryagriculture & agribusinessbankruptcy, insolvency & receivershipsbusiness lawcivil litigationconstruction lawcorporate financecriminal defencedebt collectionemployment & labour lawestate planning & estate administrationfamily lawintellectual propertyreal estate
industries we servemeet lakefield

our teamcommunity involvement
get startedcareersnews & articlescontact us 






we are a saskatchewan team with a modern take on law.










our offices are located at river landing, on the banks of the beautiful south saskatchewan river









what’s in a name?



with over 100,000 lakes and infinite fields, the lakefield name pays homage to saskatchewan’s beautiful geography. our corporate office at river landing in downtown saskatoon overlooks the water that reminds us of our beautiful lake land to the north. our legal practice is deeply rooted in agribusiness, which connects us to the entrepreneurial spirit exhibited in our fields to the south. 
the name lakefield is not solely about our location. it represents the work hard/play hard balance that is our aspiration. our team works hard, both for and with our clients, and from the field to the lake, we celebrate our mutual successes with the same vigor.
our logo also carries an important message. it not only signifies the interplay of a blue wave and gold sheaf, it is also like a fingerprint, representing our unique approach to the business of law, as well as the personal touch that we add to the provision of legal services.


meet lakefield








areas of expertise
lakefield works with you, becoming your true partner. offering full access to our integrated team, we provide a fresh and intelligible approach to legal services.


administrative & regulatory
agriculture & agribusiness
 bankruptcy, insolvency & receiverships
business law
civil litigation
construction law
corporate finance
criminal defence
debt collection
employment & labour law
estate planning & estate administration
family law
intellectual property
real estate










a multifaceted team of lawyers, each with unique backgrounds and passions
it’s no secret that people are the most important asset of any organization. meet the team that makes it their mission to put you first.


meet lakefield









industries we serve



combining the expertise of our legal and resource teams provides our clients with insightful advice and exceptional service, every time.
agriculture & agribusinessbanking, finance & investmentsconsumer & retailhealthcare professionalsgovernment & public sectorhotels, leisure & gaminginsurancemanufacturing & distributionmining & natural resourcesowner-operated enterprisespharmaceuticalprofessional services



more about industries












we are proud alumni of the university of saskatchewan







news & articles



get to know your cba saskatchewan president
want to learn more about mark dolan, lakefield managing partner and president of the cba saskatchewan branch? visit https://bit.ly/4ev0nfj to read his ‘get…

news 




ammy murray is teaching law 434: rural and regional legal externship
lakefield partner ammy murray is teaching law 434: rural and regional legal externship at the university of saskatchewan, college of law. this…

news 




see all news & articles





let’s work together get started


with more than 100,000 lakes, this province is an abundance of resources, wealth, and grit














































suite 410, 475 – 2nd avenue south
saskatoon, sk s7k 1p4
get directions


send a message
306 933 0004
306 933 2006 (fax)



get started
areas of expertise
industries we serve
meet lakefield
news & articles
careers
contact us
 








facebook



we acknowledge that we work on treaty 6 territory and the homeland of the métis﻿

terms
privacy
cookies
 © 2025 lakefield


















