







custom bronze bells for sale - personalize a bell. bronze cast bronze ship and estate bells, firehouse bells, us navy, gift and memorial bells with



custom lettering. handbells and gift bells.










 



custom bronze 
			bells ~ personalized lettered bells for ship, estate, birth of a 
			child, anniversary, wedding, 
			retirement, memorials, air force, army, navy, marines, uscg, military & firehouse









			 




order online 


the

perfect way to commemorate 
military
yacht



        or home
anniversary



        or wedding
fire department or retirement
award, reunion or memorial gift






 

		 






enjoy giving or owning a bronze hand cast heirloom



        bell. each bell is hand made using age old traditional



        methods and materials that trace back for centuries. the



        family bell casting shop is located in a tiny village in the darlana folklore 
			district



        of sweden  a



        region long famous for its bronze casting



        	and wrought iron mastery.
each bell is individually sand-cast using techniques developed over



            centuries of practicing the master bell-makers art.



            the molds used in traditional bronze bell casting are



            only used one time, and new molds must be made for



            each bell. as a result, each bell is truly unique.



            after the rough cast bell has cooled, the long



            process of finishing and polishing begins. 
click here for an interesting step by step overview



            of our bell making process.

 custom 
				bronze bells order
              online!


top above is an 
					example of the 
					model m19 size polished bronze bell. a finely polished bronze bell, 11 3/4" rim 
					diameter, 26.5 pounds with custom lettering at the rim.  
					at the left is a lettered m18 size bell, 8 3/4" diameter, 12.1 pounds.
					










your 
					custom lettering is cast into the bell when it is made.  
					design your own spacing, centering and placement, or allow 
					us to determine the best placement for you.  you can 
					choose special icons to be cast into the rim of your bell, such as the 
					maltese firefighters. adding a simple heart, or a marriage 
					cross icon and your bell is the perfect



                    wedding or anniversary gift ~ an unforgettable



                    heirloom.  
order 
					your bell securely online
 












special icons: the 
							bell in the top photo has a maltese firefighters' 
							cross at the rim, the bottom example has a simple 
							heart.
















the shape, the weight and



            the alloy used to make a bell are the factors that



            determine the "voice" of a bell. our bells unite the



            perfect combination of these factors so that the



            bells produce the clearest and purest tones. a "proper" 
				bell.


 


only the finest bell



            bronze alloys are used in these custom made bells.



            brass alloys, while cheaper to use in bell-making,



            are not used in these high quality bells because they



            do not produce the pure musical tones of genuine bell



            bronze.  click here for more



              information about the difference between bronze and brass.



 


the bell at the left is our 
					small heirloom bell, the model m16 size bell. it has a 5 
					1/2" diameter at the rim and weighs 2.9 lbs. this 
					bell hangs on a m301 bronze bracket. its beautiful song 
					can be heard as a door bell, or to call in the kids for 
					supper. 


 


read  customer
              testimonials!


 


 


to order a custom lettered bell online: 
					click here


 


pictured below is an m306 
					(4 3/4") bronze farm bell cast with a simple christian cross 
					along with the custom lettering at its rim. this is the 
					smallest bell we cast with custom lettering. it includes the 
					pictured bracket.










we



              can also custom craft bells using your art or logo.  our



              bell shop does not digitally render images - but hand tools each



              one so they are exceptionally unique and special. 



              a custom logo will  generally take a bit longer to 
					make than a lettered-only bell. please



              contact us for a quote on your custom design.  
					email a black and 
					white file of your art work and the size bell you are considering 
					for advisce and a quote of tooling on the face of your bell.  
					a vector file and a simple design (not too layered) are best 
					in sand casting. 
pricing for special tooling 
					a model and finishing on the face of a bell is generally between $225 and $425



              depending on the intricacy of the art.  the larger the 
					bell, the better the detail can be rendered on the face of a 
					bell in a sand casting.  
see our fire house



                    bells, click here


















anaheim firefighters bell, this is an m19 size bell.
					click to see more firehouse bells

m306 size bell cast with 
					musical notes for a beloved high school music director 
					as a thank you gift.






                     




                     




we think you will love these bells as



              much as we do.  each bell is an individual work of art.

















 this beautiful bronze 
							bell is one of our favorite examples of a bell with 
							custom tooling on its face. it is an m19 size bell 
							(11 3/4 inches) that lives on a customer's farm in 
							pennsylvania. the lettering at the rim also includes 
							simple christian crosses along with custom letters; 
							milk house chapel. 







 this beautiful bronze 
							bell is another one of our favorites. it is an m19 
							size bell cast with the chamberlain university logo 
							on its face. send us a black and white (preferably 
							vector) file of your art and we can recreate your 
							logo too. simple designs will yield the best result 
							in sand castings. 






 




 this beautiful bronze 
							bell is an m19 size bell. the customer who purchased 
							this 11 3/4" bell designed it with the custom 
							tooling of a campfire on the face and presented it 
							as a special housewarming gift.  



 






 

this 
						gorgeous m19 makes us proud. it is custom cast for our 
						u.s. marine aircraft group (mag-12). usmc










our customer designed this 
						beautiful m18 model bell (8 3/4" diameter at rim, 12.1 
						lbs) to be custom cast in honor of  a 
						cherished friend. 


we designed 
						this impressive m19.5 model bell (14" 
						diameter, weight 44.1 lbs) 
						together with thornhill volunteer fire department in bc 
						canada. lovely and substantial. 

















our customer celebrated an 
					important wedding anniversary with this special m17 model 
					bell (7 1/2" diameter, weight 8.8 lbs).  the 
					intertwined wedding ring icon can be cast on the rim of your 
					bell for an extra special touch. 
this hefty m18 
					model bell (8 3/4" diameter at rim, 12.1 lbs) is installed 
					as a ships bell on the owner's carefully restored antique 
					yacht.  it has an anchor icon cast at the rim along 
					with the vessels name and its original build year.









               






       



differences in color are due 
	to the photographs being taken in different lighting, venues and times of 
		day. these bells are all made from pure bell bronze. 



   


our mermaid bell bracket is 
	a unique work



      of art.  this bracket fits our m17 and m18 heirloom



      bells.  click picture at right for more details.
buy bronze bells order
      online!









family operated since 1994




  click here for more cool things our customers have done with their bells!!





















we recommend simple periodic 
		maintenance for your custom cast bronze bell.
		click here for some advice 
		on how to care for your bell over time.




















mora of sweden knives




 

	 

	 


 

scanmix corporation

	 


 




32 narrow gauge st. kingfield, me 04947



207-265-2584


info@bronzebells.com




	 


 



	 


copyright © scanmix corporation.  all rights reserved.  1993 - 2024
 
























