







harmony magazine

































































menu
 



(2004-2019)









a+a-

 










   








magazine
health
people
money
etcetera
columns
 

    







subscribe





 











 







magazine


enter












health


enter












people


enter












money


enter












etcetera


enter












columns


enter





 









 




 






          newsworthy          

















celebrating women 

              by tina ambani            











          people          


  



for the love of sanskrit 

during her 60s, if you had told sushila a that she would be securing a doctorate in sanskrit in the….






  



style sensation 

meet instagram star moon lin   cocking a snook at ageism, this nonagenarian taiwanese woman is slaying street fashion like….






  



beauty and her beast 

meet instagram star linda rodin   most beauty and style influencers on instagram hope to launch their beauty line someday…..










      health      








hot tea! 

if you enjoy sipping on that steaming hot cup of tea, think twice. new research establishes a link between drinking….











weight and watch 

if you have stayed away from lifting weights at the gym, thinking it might not be a good idea for….











toothy truth 

research has established a clear association between cognitive function and tooth loss when cognitive function score was categorised into quintiles…..














          money          







pension hike 

the stage is set for a manifold hike in pension for private-sector employees with the supreme court quashing a special….














budget 2019: ‘a big let-down’ for silvers 

the verdict is out: experts harmony-celebrate age spoke to termed budget 2019 ‘a big let-down’ for silvers. the only saving….









silvers seek sops in health sector in budget 2019 

relief in the healthcare sector seems to be uppermost in the minds of silvers on the eve of the unveiling….









cheer for pensioners 

the union government has launched sampann (system for accounting and management of pension), a pension management software to aid and….









your money’s worth 

silvers are not insulated from the falling value of the rupee, writes economist priya desai   old dilapidated buildings collapse,….









          web calendar          
web calendar


why so gambhir? on december 24, 2018 3:30 pm			

gumnam hai koi on december 24, 2018 4:30 pm			

a perfect murder on december 24, 2018 8:30 pm			

mr. & mrs. landage on december 25, 2018 4:30 pm			

ananyaa on december 25, 2018 11:00 pm			

tila kahi sangaichai on december 27, 2018 4:30 pm			

eka lagnachi pudhchi gosht on december 28, 2018 3:30 pm			

the sheep man’s christmas on december 28, 2018 6:30 pm			

socretes chi pille on december 29, 2018 7:00 pm			

lupt on december 29, 2018 8:00 pm			

marathi bana on december 29, 2018 8:30 pm			

locha@#$%^_+@_&%$@#gotcha on december 30, 2018 11:00 am			

karti kaljaat ghusli on december 30, 2018 3:30 pm			

amar photo studio on december 30, 2018 4:30 pm			

varhad nighalaya londanla on december 30, 2018 4:30 pm			

jis lahore nahin dekhya… on december 30, 2018 7:00 pm			

shaatir on december 30, 2018 7:30 pm			

 





 













      etcetera      


 





cracking the longevity code 

small yet impactful choices can be game-changers, writes srirekha pillai at 102, there’s no stopping chandigarh-based man kaur, the world’s….


 
 





home, not alone 

while a regulatory framework is vital for senior-care facilities, the need of the hour is to develop an ecosystem to….


 
 





birthday girl 

published in a special edition to honour japanese master storyteller haruki murakami’s 70th birthday, birthday girl (penguin; rs 100; 42….


 
 





a huge treat for music lovers 

published as the revised and updated second edition, incomparable sachin dev burman (blue pencil; rs. 599; 470 pages) the authoritative….


 





          columns          








mental workout 

mukul sharma tells you how to keep those grey cells ticking   everyone will ultimately lose his or her brain….












helpline 

dr harshbir rana answers your queries on personal and social issues related to ageing, elder care and intergenerational relationships  ….












off the cuff 

raju mukherji pays tribute to his first hero, tenzing norgay, an exemplary mountaineer   darjeeling, 1955. dr ‘pahari’ guha mazumdar….

















 magazine
health
people


 
money
etcetera
columns

 
about us
useful links

 
 




harmony celebrate age
502 plot no. 91/94
prabhat colony
santacruz (east)
mumbai – 400055




disclaimer
terms & conditions


© 2025 harmony for silvers foundation. all rights reserved.
 































			×            





				terms and conditions			


entrants must send entries as required in the contest announcement in order to be eligible. entries received after the contest period (7 december 2018 to 15 december 2018) set forth in the contest announcement are ineligible, null, and void. harmony and club mahindra will not be responsible for and will not consider incomplete or incorrect entries. harmony and club mahindra are not responsible for entries that are sent but not received for any reason.
only one entry per e-mail address will be considered for contest entry.
winners’ names will be announced on the websites and social media pages of harmony and club mahindra ‘bliss’ on 20 december 2018. winners will also be informed over the phone by an official representative of club mahindra. failure to respond within five (5) business days shall mean that the winner forfeits the prize and another winner will be chosen.
the contest is not open to employees, distributors, franchisees, agents and suppliers of harmony and mahindra holidays & resorts india limited.
the decision of harmony and club mahindra in respect of all the matters of eligibility and winning entry shall be final and binding on the participants.
all content or information submitted by you shall become the sole and exclusive property of harmony and club mahindra, and harmony and club mahindra shall have no obligation to preserve, return, or otherwise make available to you or others any materials. harmony and club mahindra may use, reproduce, edit, display, transmit, prepare derivative works of, modify, publish, and otherwise make use of content in any and all media, whether now known or hereinafter created—throughout the world and for any purpose at their sole discretion—without compensation to you of any kind.
by submitting information to harmony and club mahindra, you represent and warrant that the content and information do not infringe any copyright, trademark, property rights, rights of privacy or publicity of any person, or any other right of any third party and that you have the full and unrestricted right to transfer the content and information to harmony and club mahindra free and clear of any claims.
harmony and club mahindra may collect personal information such as the participant’s friend’s name, phone number or e-mail address, government identity cards which may be used by harmony and club mahindra for its internal and promotional purposes. club mahindra may also access profile and other information from social media platforms.
by participating in the contest, the participants agree to abide by the terms and conditions of participation.
harmony and club mahindra reserve the right to alter, change, or modify the terms and conditions or postpone or cancel the contest at its sole discretion at any time during the period of the contest without issuing any prior notice and without being liable in any manner.
you acknowledge and agree that harmony and club mahindra shall have no obligation to post, display, or otherwise make publicly available any information submitted by you.
you acknowledge and agree that the information submitted by you may be made available by harmony and club mahindra for viewing, rating, reviewing, and commenting by the public. by submitting information, you waive any privacy expectations that you may have with respect to the content.
mere participation does not guarantee a prize.
decisions regarding winners by harmony and club mahindra are final.
all entrants must be at least 50 years of age, unless otherwise stated or posted. in the event it is discovered that the participant is either breaching the terms and conditions, or is ineligible to participate, any prize won by the participant shall stand withdrawn and the participation shall stand invalidated.
winners may not request substitutions of prize winnings. all winners are solely responsible for any and all taxes and/or fees as well as all additional costs that may be incurred.
neither harmony and club mahindra nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors shall be liable for any warranty, costs, damage, injury, or any other claims incurred as a result of the usage of a prize by any winner. harmony and club mahindra are not liable for any loss arising out of or in connection with the contest.
the contest is null and void in any jurisdiction where prohibited by law.
harmony and club mahindra reserve the right in absolute discretion to terminate the contest at any time without prior notice.
harmony and club mahindra reserve the right in absolute discretion to alter any contest rules at any time.
by entering this contest, you conclusively are deemed to have agreed to be bound by these contest rules and terms and conditions as well as by any rules specific to this contest. this is an irrevocable condition of entry.
the participant undertakes to indemnify and keep harmony and club mahindra harmless and indemnified against any loss, damage, claims, costs and expenses which may be incurred or suffered by club mahindra due to breach of any of the terms and conditions herein contained.
the following criteria apply:
a. in contests in which winners are selected at random, the odds of winning depend upon the number of entries received and cannot be determined in advance.
b. no purchase or payment of any consideration is necessary to enter the contest.
c. harmony and club mahindra reserve the right to require the winner to execute an affidavit of eligibility as a sworn document and provide other proof of eligibility/identity as a condition of receipt of the prize or award, if called for.
d. last date for registering your entry will be 15 december 2018.
e. the contest is strictly open to the citizens of indian republic.
any disputes, differences and/or any other matters in relation to and arising out of this promotion and or pertaining to these terms and conditions shall be referred to arbitration under the arbitration & conciliation act, 1996. the venue of arbitration shall be mumbai. the terms and conditions of this contest shall be governed by and construed in accordance with applicable laws in india and will be subject to exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at mumbai alone. the arbitration shall be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed by harmony and club mahindra.
prize: resort gift voucher for stay at any one of the club mahindra resorts as provided by club mahindra in this regard.
a) one (1) winner along with his/her spouse shall be selected from the draw conducted. the winner (1) along with his/her spouse will be provided with a resort gift voucher for 2 nights/3 days stay (only stay) at club mahindra resort subject to eligibility and availability.
b) maximum number of persons who are eligible for stay at the club mahindra resort will be 2 persons. the stay is limited to 2 adults.
c) the winner has to confirm on the date of travel proposed by club mahindra. in case, if the winner opts for different dates then he/she will be provided with an alternate date by club mahindra.
d) winner has to confirm his/her confirmation for the travel within 15 days after declaration of the nomination of the winner. in case the winner does not reply to club mahindra within 15 days after nomination, then club mahindra has the right to provide the said prize to the next eligible participant.
e) last date for sending in entries is 15 december 2018.
f) prize are non-transferable and not exchangeable for cash, credit or any other item. prize must be claimed by the respective prize winner in person.
exclusions:
g) all travel expenses will have to be met by the winner.
h) all local transport charges/expenses have to be met by the winner.
i) all sight-seeing expenses or any other entry fees are excluded.
j) travel from airport to resort and return will have to be borne by the winner.
k) all other expenses incurred at the resort for the services enjoyed at the resort have to be borne by winner.



			×            



