


gul watersports





















































into the water - since '67




performance apparel




into the water - since '67






            login
          





£ gbp


£ gbp

£ gbp - pounds sterling€ eur - euros$ aud - australian dollars$ nzd - new zealand dollars$ ars - argentine pesos$ usd - us dollars¥ jpy - japanese yen




































menu








mens






womens






juniors






wetsuits






snow






accessories






sale




£ gbp

£ gbp - pounds sterling€ eur - euros$ aud - australian dollars$ nzd - new zealand dollars$ ars - argentine pesos$ usd - us dollars¥ jpy - japanese yen










£ gbp


£ gbp

£ gbp - pounds sterling€ eur - euros$ aud - australian dollars$ nzd - new zealand dollars$ ars - argentine pesos$ usd - us dollars¥ jpy - japanese yen








                search
              


















you currently have no items in your shopping basket
















































































men







women







junior





trending now







mens viper 6-5-4mm





mens response fx 5-4mm





womens viper 6-5-4mm





womens response 5-3mm





gul garda buoyancy aid













surf





sail





wetsuits





accessories





thermal layers





changing robes





hardware
























gul watersports: the uk's #1 online watersports retailer
our legacy: over 55 years of excellence

    for over 55 years gul has been at the forefront of water-sports technical
    development and remains the largest uk based performance apparel company.
    since the beginning in 1967, the philosophy has been simple - to make the
    best product possible and support you at every level.
  

gul: a true multi-sport brand

    at heart, gul is, and always has been a true multi-sport brand, making
    specific technical products for both surfing and sailing and an extensive
    range of multisport products, allowing everyone to get #into the water.
  
the birth of the first purpose-built wetsuit

    it was in the early sixties that dennis cross, a man with a passion for
    surfing, decided that enough was enough. although he loved surfing, the
    frigid waters of the atlantic were too cold, especially in winter! he,
    therefore, set about designing the first purpose-built wetsuit for surfers.
    by the early 70’s, gul had created the groundbreaking one-piece wetsuit,
    which was named ‘the steamer’ due to the steam that came from your wetsuit
    when removing it on cold days!
  
gul’s expansion and diversification into new markets

    the brand continued to grow and by the 1980’s gul expanded its business into
    europe and the rest of the world, supplying all the growing watersports
    markets.in the late 1990’s gul entered the dinghy sailing market, launching
    buoyancy aids, drysuits, spraytops and all-purpose boots. this has continued
    to develop into the full range of sports sailing products that we produce
    today.
  
sponsorship and support for high-profile athletes

    gul has provided sponsorship for some of the highest profile athletes in the
    world of surf and sail. this has included iconic surfers such as christian
    fletcher, todd prestage, russell winter and mark ‘egor’ harris. today the
    gul team is home to inspirational british surfers including patrick
    llangdon-dark - and emily currie – european longboard champion, national
    champion and wsl tour member. in 2008, gul was proud to sponsor the british
    olympic sailing team at the 2008 beijing olympic games. our team is key to
    our brand and plays an important role as ambassadors for the company,
    assisting us with product testing ensuring gul products continue to improve
    and evolve and remain at the forefront of design.
  
gul’s pledge to quality, innovation, and performance

    since its inception our brand gul has produced in excess of 4 million
    wetsuits to surfers around the world. gul has become synonymous with
    quality, innovation and performance. for over 55 years we have been at the
    forefront of water sports and continue to develop new and exciting products
    for you!
  










        sign up to our mailing list
      

join the team




sign up



sign up and get 10% off your first order & stay up to date with new products & our latest offers.


          by submitting your email address, you agree to receive marketing emails from gul watersports. we may use information collected about you on our site to suggest other products and offers based on your profile and in accordance with our privacy policy. you can unsubscribe at any time. view our privacy policy for more information on the processing of your data and your privacy rights.
        















enter email address





name





dob (dd/mm/yyyy)





consent


you will be signed up to our newsletters. please tick to confirm that you understand.


sign up


































how can we help?






your delivery options
your payment options
returns
log in or register
gul blog
about gul
get in touchvirtual gift vouchers
warranty




useful information






sitemap




























 






















company information


terms and conditions



          ©  gul watersports
        

















