



biofeedback from a nursing perspective | relaxandbreathe.com


















































home
about kate
articles
store
contact


























we all face stress in our lives.some is good.  too much is destructive.
whether the stress is a mountain lion or work pressure and deadlines, we react in the same way. the mind does not differentiate between the two. the body automatically reacts to the stress or threat, whatever it is. we all need tools to help us protect ourselves from the unhealthy affects of stress.
here are some symptoms or diseases that may be caused or worsened from the body’s reaction to stress:

headaches
muscle aches and pain
difficulty sleeping
feelings of generalized anxiety
panic attacks
stomach &/or intestinal problems
susceptibility to infections, colds, flu’s















subscribe for a free "start your day" audio download!
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 






 









testimonial
thanks again for the enormous gift of your recordings. they truly make my life much more comfortable and much happier.
m.b.






















stress really can make you sickwe all thrive on a certain level of stress in our lives. healthy levels of stress motivate us, increase out self esteem, and provide a greater sense of wellbeing. however when stress levels are too high or prolonged… continue reading







the stress responseimagine learning to tune down your stress response and change your reaction to a stresser.  imagine being able to call upon the calming part of your nervous system and restore a sense of well-being, even during stressful times.
continue reading







shopfind self help tools fro your home and office.
relaxation techniques or meditation practices are components of biofeedback training. relaxing deeply allows you to come back into a state of internal balance.
visit our shop!











go to topadministration logincopyright © 2016 kathleen (kate) harding  |  email: kate [at] relaxandbreathe [dot] com 

















