






esur.org | european society of urogenital radiology
 








































































facebook




x


 












home
about esur

president message
board
executive committees
bylaws
esur honours
partner societies
legal information


membership

become a member
become a fellow
membership benefits


events

esur symposia
esur workshops
other events


newsletter
working groups
junior network

who we are
how to join
education material
webinars

2023
2024
2025




research and grants

esur research mentorship programme
esur research seed
esor exchange programme
call for scientific cooperation


history

esur foundation
founding members
history of the cmsc
global cm educational programme
past presidents
past officers


links
log in
 


select page


  
 
 


online φαρμακείο farmakeio trikala με τις καλύτερες τιμές στην ελλάδα. online pharmacy mjd health pharmacy with the best prices in australia. check out the phanom wallet, a secure, easy-to-use solution for managing solana assets, nfts, and decentralized apps directly from your browser with full control. кракен сайткракен сайт
кракен ссылкакракен ссылка 











european society of urogenital radiology











esur working groups








esur contrast media safety committee








esur junior network committee








esur guidelines on contrast agents








ediur examination








prostate mri examination











contact







membership







events











esur 2025coming soon! september 25 - 28, 2025. stockholm,...
    
 




esur twitter

tweets by esuroffice 





















news esur




 magnetic resonance imaging in gynecology 2025    don’t miss out on the virtual interactive course of the magnetic resonance imaging in gynecology – focus on the clinical practice, held on may 5th, 2025 for 4 weeks!...
    2024newsletter spring & summer...
    asar honorary fellowship, at acar 2024michele bertolotto has received the asar honorary fellowship, at acar 2024, in...
    esur prostate mri examination receives esr endorsementthe european society of radiology (esr) granted endorsement to our prostate mri exam, that will be organized for the first time during the esur symposium in lisbon on september 19, 2024....
    michele bertolotto signs agreement with asar at acar 2024we look forward to this...
    evis sala has been awarded honorary membership of the japanese society of radiologyour member evis sala has been awarded honorary membership of the japanese society of radiology. it is a great honor for esur to have a member such as evis sala. congratulations!...
    boris brkljačić has been awarded gold medalist at ecr 2024our member boris brkljačić has been awarded gold medalist at ecr 2024. it is a great honor for esur to have a member such as boris brkljačić. congratulations!...
    elevate your expertise: become a reviewer for abdominal radiologydear esteemed colleagues, i hope this message finds you in good health and spirits. as i embark on my tenure as the editor-in-chief of abdominal radiology, official journal of our distinguished...
    prof. jelle barentsz – academia europaea membershipdear colleagues, we are glad to inform you that prof. jelle barentsz has been selected as the third radiologist ever to become a member of academia europaea -...
     
 


more news



esur junior twitter

tweets by esur_jn 







corporate sponsors

























contact
organising secretariat

+34 960 72 82 12
esursecretary@esur.org







name


email address


message






3 + 12 = 


submit







 













 












































































