






 




billy purnell ultimate voice training for singers










































































 































skip to content






billy purnell ultimate voice training


about billy voice training store reviews blog contact 


$0.000



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 








 
about billy voice training store reviews blog contact 









ultimate
voice training
with billy purnell
purchase now 






















how to sing like the prosdiscover how to unlock the singing potential in your voice – learn how to effortlessly belt out notes on demand, go from a soft whisper to a powerful clear tone, be able to sing night after night without getting tired & hit your high notes perfectly every time – without straining!why now is the time to get your hands on one of the longest-selling courses on the internet.


when you invest in this course, you are getting over thirty-five years of my world-class knowledge and experience—training absolute beginners to the best of broadway and the music industry, as well as film and television stars.
it’s not rocket science. it never has been. but i hear all the time from artists how they just can’t grasp what their instructor is saying, and how frustrated they get with all the weird pedagogic terms and strange breathing exercises. no weird here. well, i’m weird, but that’s not important. easy, straightforward guidance, and all i ask you to do is let go! and enjoy. let’s do this!


get it now








https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6m9cdasdj70


free video - no strings attachedwatch the video to the left! the one exercise that will get you started hitting your high notes perfectly every time – without straining! if you like this exercise, you will love this program!about this program








for the past thirty-five years, i have helped aspiring singers just like you.
maybe you are like a lot of people just starting out—you are dying to sing. you have always wanted to sing in a band or choir; you grew up loving music and singing to yourself but never got around to learning how to train your voice properly and now…you are dying to learn and start singing for real.
maybe you are already in a local band, worship group or choir—you sing actively and you love performing, but you’ve noticed that no matter how much you sing, your voice isn’t getting any better. you want to be able to hit your high notes perfectly every time, belt out powerful notes on demand and be able to shift from a soft whisper to a resonating, clear tone—all without straining—but you don’t know how.
or maybe you’re an active performer, working hard to break into the business. maybe you have a contract and a career—but you’re looking for help to nail your auditions, sing on demand, perform multiple sets night after night without getting tired—plus all the other benefits i mentioned earlier—and you don’t have time to stop performing so you can develop this voice.
well, if any of these sound familiar, then i’m here for you.
no matter where your voice is right now, you can get the confidence of the pros—without years and years of grueling practice or straining your voice.


here is what you can expect to happen when you use the “ultimate voice training for singers” course
instantly open the key parts of your throat on demand (and it’s not just telling you to relax your throat – there are physical ways to do it properly) – so you can belt out notes on demand without straining your voice
automatically learn how to breathe properly – so you always have the right amount of air to sing at any pitch level, with any amount of power and still have enough air left over to belt out your high notes
effortlessly learn how to relax the muscles in your neck and throat – so you can unleash the hidden power in your voice, without holding it back or pushing too hard and straining


easily learn how to project your voice properly – so you can unleash the power and tone hidden in your voice, without straining. this is where you discover what powerful, strain-free singing is all about
smoothly learn how to connect all three areas of your voice – so you can easily and effortlessly go back and forth in your vocal range, singing with power and clarity no matter if you are singing the lowest of your low notes or belting out notes in your highest register
and much, much more…

buy nowmilton andersonfounder, the young americans


“when you use your voice to the extent that our people do, working with and training over 300 young kids six days a week on a 10-week road trip, you need a vocal technique that will carry you through your entire range comfortably, or vocal stress and fatigue will surely set in. that’s why we brought billy purnell on board as our vocal trainer, and the results have been fantastic – the kids are seeing a wonderful difference. thanks, billy.”


tori kellydouble grammy award-winning artist, world tour 2024


“i’ve had the same vocal coach since i was eight years old, and he still warms me up for all my shows on tour. he teaches you how to move effortlessly from your lower register to your upper, smoothing out that crazy “break” in the middle so you can hit the high notes with power. billy’s been there with me from the beginning, and he’s the best!!”


cheri keaggysparrow records, nine #1 songs on debut album


“billy has a very special way of bringing out the best in his students. the vocal technique he teaches is invaluable to any singer who would like to discover his or her potential.”


joelle jamesgrammy award-winning artist


“i’ve been a winner on cbs-tv’s star search and have been a national anthem singer for every major sports team in southern california…and my voice just keeps getting stronger! through it all i’ve worked with billy purnell…he has taught me to find my ‘middle’ voice, where even the really high notes sound like chest voice but they’re really easy to produce. i’m now approaching hollywood with all my weapons in place!! thanks, billy!”
note from me: look what she’s doing now!


jeremy schrock$5,000 grand prize winner, la music center spotlight awards


“billy, we did it! with your wonderful teaching, i was able to win the spotlight awards. you taught me what i needed to shine. i can never thank you enough!! you’re the best!!”


jason cammorata$3,000 1st place winner, california teen vocal and golden state summer vocal championships


“billy purnell’s focus on the mix has enabled me to ascend into my upper register with great ease. this outstanding technique has allowed me to continually perform challenging vocal pieces; it has been essential to winning many competitions.”


leah shaferorange county, ca


“i was first recommended to billy purnell by seth riggs. before i came to billy i had a very limited range and did not have the strength in my higher register, so therefore was limited on my choices of songs. billy has not only helped me in overcoming my break, by finding the “middle”, but has widened my range and has enabled me to sing with versatility. he has helped me in gaining self-confidence and inner strength that has helped me pursue my dream of becoming a professional recording artist”


joseph and toni callowaypasadena, ca


“billy worked extensively with our son during the audition process for disney’s “the lion king,” and we were very happy with the results. his vibrato, pitch and control improved tremendously from callback to callback, and his natural god-given talent came shining through. jordan landed the lead role of young simba!! god bless you, billy.”


contact us

 









 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 
please prove you are human by selecting the star.






δ















©2024 billy purnell, all rights reserved


site development by creative by design








go to top

  






































































