




  






home - lawrence county chamber of commerce - al, al




















 

























































home









login









(256) 974-1658









(256) 974-2400





















































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events







































































 toggle navigation   





directory

about

about us
why become a member?
contact us
chamber staff
board of directors
government officials for lawrence county



programs

2020 census
citizen of the year
youth leadership lawrence
adult leadership lawrence



members

directory
member benefits
member deals
member health care benefits
member educational benefits
login



visitors

about lawrence county
tourist attractions
local festivals
focus magazine
member map
local clubs & organizations
local schools
colleges & university
dining
lodging
real estate
shopping



resources

covid-19 business resources
covid-19 health resources
covid-19 interagency press releases
relocation
retirement
marketspace
news
job postings
hot deals



events

my chamber, my community® newsletter
events list
events calendar
photos
weather


join us



























                                                    bankhead national forest - lawrence county
                                                










                                                    historic lawrence county courthouse - downtown moulton, al
                                                










                                                    2022 event - may 13th - 14th 
                                                

                                                    oakville indian mounds & education center - multicultural event
                                                










                                                    historic homes tour of courtland, alabama
                                                










                                                    joe wheeler state park - lawrence county
                                                










                                                    deer run golf course lawrence county
                                                










                                                    sipsey wilderness - lawrence county
                                                










                                                    jesse owens museum & park
                                                










                                                    pine torch church - north alabama hallelujah trail
                                                










                                                    annual christmas on the square trail of trees & celebration
                                                










                                                    2022 festival - may 6th - 7th 
                                                

                                                    annual strawberry festival - lion's club fairgrounds 
                                                
























congratulations to our 2023 citizen of the year mr. bobby diggs!


















considering retirement?  




check out the beauty of north alabama - #6 in the nation's top places to retire!















covid-19 health resources




during this pandemic, your mental and physical health are so important!
































welcome to lawrence county, alabama!
lawrence county is located in northwest alabama. the tennessee river’s wheeler lake forms the northern border of the county, while bankhead national forest occupies the southern fourth of the county. lawrence county is bounded by colbert and franklin counties to the west, morgan and cullman counties to the east, and winston county to the south. lauderdale and limestone counties are across the tennessee river to the north. the county encompasses approximately 693 square miles.  the city of moulton, the county seat, is just south of the geographic center of the county. the northern part of the county, along the banks of the tennessee river, is relatively flat. as you go further south you ascend a plateau across the central part of the county, with the area in the bankhead national forest rising again into a mountainous area.
this beautiful county is full of surprising experiences and adventures, packed with rich culture and history, and is full of the most friendly and warm people you'll meet in the south.  we believe lawrence county is the best place in alabama to visit, live, work and play! 
 












job postings







deals







map







news







calendar















where to stay







where to eat







where to shop







where to play







where to live









we are dedicated to serving our community! 
 

 














the lawrence county chamber of commerce believes in investing in our youth! these are the people who become the workforce and business owners of tomorrow!!
as we all know, safety is the priority in every workplace! congratulations to mrs. pam crumpton and her electronics and robotics students at the lawrence county career technical center in moulton.
all students in her program earned the osha-10 certification last october and a high percentage are on track to earn the nccer certification before the end of the school year.
the lc chamber has been a proud sponsor for the past years to ensure these students had this opportunity to accomplish this goal of getting their osha-10 certification and we so so proud of them! congratulations to you all!




















view all events




mark your calendars

















subscribe to our newsletter!












    









































































































partners in alabama tourism:






alabama mountain lakes association












proud members of:






chamber of commerce association of alabama
u.s. chamber of commerce
morgan county economic development association
better business bureau












news releases




















quicklinks:






lawrence county alabama
lawrence county archives
 


































































this website sponsored by apex real estate                                          12551 al hwy 157  moulton, al 35650
amy h. thrasher, broker/owner  o: 256-410-8021 c: 256-566-2508







































































lawrence county chamber of commerce - al
 23127 al hwy 24, trinity, al 35673
 256. 974.1658
 contact@lawrencealabama.com


© copyright 2025 lawrence county chamber of commerce - al. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.

















 


