



































abb optical group | abb optical group












































						skip to main content
					











about abb




abby




become a member




careers




news




returns program




abb answers




contact




newsletter sign up








 register




login









abb optical group



menu





abb contact lens




abb labs




abb business solutions




resources












abb optical group











  abby





							abb contact lens catalog							soft, custom soft & gas permeable contact lenses





							abb specialty vision products							custom soft & gas permeable lenses





							abb single-source distribution						





							dry eye care						







							lab services						





							abb labs catalog						





							abb stock lenses						







							abb verify						





							abb analyze						





							abb onebill						





							abby						







							abby						





							abb specialty vision products resources						





							specialty vision products consultation team						




dede talks							the art of specialty lenses





							offers						





							abb resource library						







							who we are						





							leadership						





							history						





							corporate giving						





							real doctors. real stories.						





							abb							tru
							returns program						








abb optical group






 looking for a new vsp lab? finding a new lab can be ruff. abb labs is happy to help with puns and lots more. we offer reliable service from major brands like unity — and service with a smile. you can even talk to a real human within 60 seconds!learn more did you know? abb labs is a vsp unity enabled laboratory! at abb labs, all unity lens designs and coatings are fabricated in house in the united states, resulting in fast turn-around time, exceptional quality, and superior service.learn more celebrating 35 years  of supporting you! from the beginning, abb has been here to empower independent eye care professionals like you with the tools and knowledge needed to be more competitive and grow their practice.learn more the next generation of ortho-k now available! grow your practice with euclid max, the latest breakthrough in orthokeratology for proactive myopia management.combat the myopia epdemic and help your patients live life to the max!get certified today say hello to abby! abby is a free, easy to-use online contact lens ordering platform. she helps both you and your patients order contact lenses from every major manufacturer with direct-to-patient shipping and easy returns.learn more the latestabb labs - experience the difference of an independent lab network.are your contact lenses priced competitively? take the guesswork out with our digital price monitor!introducing abby! an easy and efficient web-based soft contact lens ordering platform that keeps patients connected to their eye care providers.

focus on what matters mostsaving you time so you can care for your patients.for over 30 years, abb optical group has dedicated itself to helping eye care providers like you with everything you need to serve your patients and optimize your practice. we do this because we want you to experience more of what you love – the meaningful moments spent caring for your patients.about abb 


helping your practice thrivewe know eye care providers face unique challenges, which is why we’re here to help you succeed.you entered this profession to make a difference in the lives of your patients. to get you back to what matters as you face an ever-evolving industry, abb has invested in the following enhancements:expanded offerings – we’ve broadened our sku coverage, giving abb the largest inventory in the industry and allowing us to provide accelerated shipping to 60% of the u.s. population with two-day ground service.smarter fullfillment – using abb’s one warehouse model, we’ve created a smart contact lens direct-to-patient fulfillment inventory system, enabling direct-to-patient orders shipped from the closest possible distribution center with faster delivery times.improved distribution centers – we’ve implemented automation tools, increased staffing and improved customer service throughout our nationwide distribution centers. we also have a dedicated stock lens warehouse with next-day delivery on all in-stock items.greater support – to ensure your call is answered quickly and addressed efficiently, we have increased our customer service support agents and updated support technology. enhanced e-commerce: our e-commerce platform, abby, keeps patients connected to their doctors and helps increase capture rates.advanced capabilities – we’ve expanded abb labs, the abb specialty vision product portfolio and abb business solutions technology platforms to help you differentiate your practice, stay competitive and enhance patient care. single-source convenience access & choice data & business insights enhanced servicesget started today
enhance every meaningful momentabb contact lensthe widest portfolio and inventory of contact lenses and specialty vision products to fit your patient’s unique needs.learn moreabb labsan independent lab with you and your patient’s best interests in mind.learn moreabb business solutionsa powerful and innovative suite of technology tools to enhance your practice operations and increase profitability.learn more
 say hello to abbyabby is a free and easy online contact lens ordering platform to keep patients within your practice.get to know her 
     we’re evolving with youever since we began our practice 25 years ago, we chose abb as a wholesale company and we’ve grown with abb as well as abb growing with us.— coleen magalhaes, dr. magalhaes & associates, practice administratorview testimonials




explore tru returns




discover visiblebliss












the abb optical family
the premier optical industry platform, delivering tailored business solutions and world-class customer service to eye care practitioners.






abb contact lens





abb labs





abb business solutions










abb optical groupabb optical group12301 nw 39th streetcoral springs, fl 33065800-852-8089our companyabout abbnewscareersfaqscontactlegalprivacy policyterms of saleterms of serviceterms of usefollow usfacebookxlinkedinyoutubeglassdoor



		©
		2025
		abb optical group, all rights reserved
	

























