



finance-magazine.com - home










your browser does not support script













 
home
login
contact
about
finance dublin
finance jobs
 









monday, 17th february 2025







    home             archive             publications             our services             finance jobs             events             surveys & awards             












ireland's financial services magazine, established in 1987        
 
analysis

 
 


 • deals of the year 2023: deal making excellence portrayed across in 42 case studies: the winning deals of the year 2023the 2023 finance dublin deals of the year awards provide a showcase of... • the finance dublin accountancy survey 2023key findings in the 2023 survey of ireland's top accountancy firm. • financial services in an inflationary environmentinflation is back, and the big question now in the minds of monetary... • mid term review of the ‘ireland for finance’ strategy for the international financial services sector to be publishedthe government has invited input from all parties to provide inputs for a... • simplifying ireland’s double tax regimedanielle ryan reviews the proposals and implications of a potential move... • sanctions in international financial services - a new era for irish fsthe sanctions imposed following the russian invasion are the most... • leveraging digital transformation to unlock new value in sme bankingthe negative effects of the pandemic on irish smes have many concerned about... • cop 26 - the outcomes as they affect financial services companiesin the wake of the un’s cop 26 in glasgow the growth trajectory of esg... • deals of the year 2023: first ever irish social bond strengthens aib’s esg credentials and capital efficiencyaib raised €1 billion in its first ever social bond issuance,... • deals of the year 2023: successful block trades pave the way for state to exit aibthe department of finance executed it first block trades in aib shares in... • deals of the year 2023: landmark deal in the reshaping of the irish corporate banking landscapeaib’s acquisition of ulster bank’s corporate banking division... • deals of the year 2023: early move by ntma locks in low yield for benchmark bondthe national treasury management agency (ntma) january 2022 raise of... • deals of the year 2023: strong investor demand puts wind in greencoat’s sailsgreencoat renewables, an investor in euro-denominated renewable energy... • deals of the year 2023: expanded banking facilities support uniphar’s international growth movesthis award recognises the refinancing of uniphar plc’s banking... • deals of the year 2023: innovative combination of exchangeable bonds and equity placement helps unlock potential for glanbia co-opa combined offering of exchangeable bonds and a private placement of shares... • deals of the year 2023: russell investments embraces third party manco model as it reshaped its $30 billion irish businessthe decision by russell investments to transfer the management of its irish... • deals of the year 2023: ulster bank deal gives permanent tsb strong platform for growthin a landmark and transformative €7.6 billion transaction, permanent... • deals of the year 2023: fastball capitalises on flutter’s share price momentumkkr-led investment group fastball holdings took a flutter in late 2020 when... • deals of the year 2023: jp morgan deal sees global shares achieve record valuation for an irish start up finance services tech companywest cork-based irish firm global shares was acquired by us investment bank... • deals of the year 2023: competitive funding of interconnector with france key to delivering on national strategic objectivesthe importance of well structured, cost-competitive finance to the attainment... • ireland’s top accountancy firms roar back to double-digit growth in 2021the finance dublin annual accountancy survey shows a return to robust fee... • deals of the year 2022: awards recognise 42 inspirational case studies in a year of significant progressa perusal of the 42 deal award citations in this year’s deals of the...






 


the finance dublin debt clock




the finance dublin irish government debt clock was set at midnight on june 30th 2009, when it was €65.278 billion. it updates the latest official figure for the national debt of ireland and since then, the clock has been re-set regularly to reflect changes in debt and gdp figures from the national treasury management agency (ntma), and the cso.

the debt clock, launched in july 2009, surpassed €85 billion by the end of december 2010, and it continued to rise precipitously in 2011 and 2012, slowing eventually in 2013. the blog published by finance dublin charted the rise of the debt through this period in irish economic history of the worst and most challenging phases of the irish debt crisis. it argued consistently against calls by many economists and commentators, despairing of the potential of the open economy model for the irish economy followed since the sixties, to default on the national debt. in the end the view prevailed and few since then question that this was the correct strategy as the irish economy turned around to record 7 p.c. growth in 2015, coinciding with a fall in the debt-gdp ratio as dramatic on the downside as was experienced in the first years of the crisis. for a blow-by-blow account of those years, click on the link above. 










special reports








the winners in the annual finance dublin deals of the year awards reflect the continued strength of corporate dealmaking activity despite the pandemic with a number of milestone deals underlining the strength of the irish economy. the winning deals are in announced in a special report in finance dublin. the report highlights the exceptional year of development on many fronts in corporate finance and capital markets in ireland during the past year. this is reflected in the deals and awards themselves, which reveal remarkable evolution in various markets across the board. over 200 deals were nominated by market participants for this year's awards, which are awarded on an individual basis across 6 broad categories: mergers & acquisitions; debt capital markets; equity capital markets; loans & financing, financial services and aviation finance.










 









   the 2023 edition of the finance dublin yearbook & directory of ireland's international financial services is published in both print and e paper editions. the yearbook is finance dublin's annual review & outlook edition, providing an overview of individual ifsc sectors in the year, and which provides an outlook for the coming year.

the yearbook also contains an economic analysis of the importance of the ifsc in the irish economy. 












financejobs.ie




  click here to visit finance jobs.ie, ireland's leading jobs site for financial services.
all finance sectors and the ifsc are covered: accountancy jobs, funds jobs, banking jobs, legal and compliance jobs,  stockbroking and corporate finance jobs,  jobs in practice,  taxation jobs, financial services jobs, insurance jobs










 






home | 					about us | privacy statement | contact


©2025 fintel publications ltd. all rights reserved.









