












martial arts supplies, mma fight store, muay thai gear, we ship australia wide from sydney



































  























skip to main content





australia's largest range of martial arts products & fight gear...






















































0


cart
















 we ship fast australia wide -

		customers rate us 4.7 out of 5
		


























heavy bags

kits

categories

accessories

bags/backpacks/cases

caps

figurines

flags

headbands

keyrings

mugs

patches


clothing/apparell

boxing shorts

hats/caps

jumpers/hoodies/jackets

leggings

mma shorts

rash guards

robes

singlets

sweat suits

t-shirts

thai boxing shorts

wrestling


costumes/fancy dress

gloves

boxing gloves - kick boxing gloves

martial arts gloves

mma gloves


protective wear

ankle guards

arm guards

chest guards

ear guards

elbow guards

female

foot guards

groin guards

hand protection

hand wraps

head gear

kendo armour

kendo tenugui

knee guards

mouthguards

shin guards


shoes/boots

boxing shoes

martial arts shoes


trainer supplies

training equipment

ankle weights

body guards

break boards

coach sticks

crash mats

focus mitts

grappling dummies

hurdles

jigsaw mats

kick shields

mounting supplies

paddles

punching bags

resistance bands

skipping ropes

speed balls

stretch machines

thai pads

weights


uniform's/gi's

aikido

belts/sashes

boxing

hapkido

jiu jitsu

judo

karate

kendo

kung fu

ninjitsu australia

tae kwon do


weaponry

extreme weapons

metal

polypropylene

soft training

wood



sports

boxing

protective wear


crossfit/fitness training

extreme martial arts

jiu jitsu australia

judo

karate

kick boxing

kung fu

mixed martial arts

muay thai

ninjitsu

tae kwon do

poomsae uniforms

protective gear

sparring uniforms

training uniforms



brands

action

adidas

arwut

asics

billy dib

cleto reyes

coast sports

combat sports gear

daedo

danger equipment

defense 

economy

engage

fairtex

fuji

hce

jim bradley

magnum

masco

msa

nike

one fc

punch equipment

qp sports

rdx sports

rhino

rise fight gear

rising sun

rival boxing 

shock doctor

shureido

smai

sports research

spoband

sting sports

tokaido

tuff sport

umab

urobach

wacoku

warrior

yamasaki

yokkao

yuth sport gear


new arrivals

specials

vouchers

birthday vouchers

christmas vouchers

gift vouchers


home training

products

ankle supports

hand wraps

muay thai shorts

retro

shirts

traditional



facebook
instagram



















shogun website martial arts & boxing suppliesaustralia's largest range of martial arts gear. order now australia wide.

*only club/gym owners will be approved for a club/gym accountcreate account






shogun website martial arts & boxing suppliesaustralia's largest range of martial arts gear. order now australia wide.

*only club/gym owners will be approved for a club/gym accountcreate account





previous



next











weaponry
*bokken *kama *bo *shoto *escrima *katana *sai *tanto *cane *suburito *shinai *irridescent *training *extreme
start shopping












gloves
full range of boxing and kickboxing gloves. available in a range of styles, colours and sizes.
start shopping












fairtex
the premier brand in kickboxing. click here to purchase official genuine fairtex products.
start shopping












new arrivals
check out the latest products to arrive in store. new products arriving weekly.
start shopping












specials
the best stock available at knockout prices.
start shopping












uniforms/gis
a full range of unforms and gis. karate - taekwondo - muay thai - hapkido - judo - bjj and more
start shopping
















the brands martial artists trust






























































about us
about uscontact usfollow us



service
my accounttrack orderresolution centre



information
terms & conditions of useshipping & deliveryfreight policyprivacy policyreturns policysecurity policyclub/gym account policy






facebook
instagram










						shogun martial arts & boxing supplies.
proud to be partnered up with fairtex australia
					



register today for a shogun account  for featured discounts or register for a club/gym account for wholesale discounts. conditions apply!







afterpay



bank deposit



paypal checkout



zippay



american express



mastercard



visa





					shogun martial arts & boxing supplies © 2025 all rights reserved










terms & conditions
×


	welcome to our website. if you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern shogun martial arts & boxing supplies’s relationship with you in relation to this website. if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.

	the term ‘shogun martial arts & boxing supplies’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is u1/76 regentville road, jamisontown nsw 2750. our abn is 67 626 188 467. the term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.

	the use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:


		the content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. it is subject to change without notice.

		neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. you acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

		your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. it shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.

		this website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. this material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.

		all trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.

		unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.

		from time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. these links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. they do not signify that we endorse the website(s). we have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).

		your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of australia.

close







privacy policy
×

we respect your privacy!
shogun martial arts & boxing supplies is deeply committed to maintaining customer privacy and security. we appreciate the critical importance of online security. all our online and store customer transactions are carried out on a strictly best practice basis of protection of customer information.
our privacy policy is designed to ensure that all information received from customers is kept strictly confidential:

any information you provide will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in any ways to which you have not consented.
any and all the information collected on this site will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned.

we require a certain amount of customer information to be collected to conduct business and process orders.
this information may include:

we may need to send you emails to confirm that your contact and payment details are correct in our system.
we will notify you if there are any matters arising with the processing of orders, payments, delivery information, or if a transaction cannot be completed for whatever reason.
information regarding returns, refunds, faulty goods, or related issues.
shogun martial arts & boxing supplies may from time to time send you promotional material. you may opt out of promotional notifications at any time.

we appreciate that customers may have queries regarding privacy of information. if you have any questions regarding our privacy policies, please feel free to call or e-mail us.
 
this privacy policy sets out how we uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

we may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
what we collect
we may collect the following information:

name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

what we do with the information we gather
we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

internal record keeping.
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.

security
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
how we use cookies
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.

we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

close














×


get the latest deals!
sign up to our newsletter to receive our latest news and offers




































×




shop now. pay later. always interest-free.




add your favourites to cart



select afterpay at checkout



log into or create your afterpay account, with instant approval decision



your purchase will be split into 4 payments, payable every 2 weeks



all you need to apply is to have a debit or credit card, to be over 18 years of age, and to be a resident of country offering afterpay
late fees and additional eligibility criteria apply. the first payment may be due at the time of purchase
                for complete terms visit afterpay.com/terms
































