




emge equine services












 



home
stall systems
stable flooring
fitness & canine flooring
contact
 


 











 














 


 





stall systems












 





stable flooring

 











 





fitness & canine flooring



 











earthhorse news



got mud? we have solutions. call or email us
about erosion control products for those difficult areas.

here in maryland, the weather changes by the moment year round. installing mats anywhere your horse stands 
for long periods will do a great job protecting hooves and easing joint and back discomfort. you will see the 
difference. our best investment is in our horses and barns. so let’s do what we love and get the best return 
on our dollars every time we ride or enjoy our horses. it’s priceless!

now is the time to put mats in your run-in sheds, wash stall, and of course your horses stall. your farrier will love
the improvement in hoof condition when they stomp flies on a rubber floor. our aisle kit will help reduce slipping and 
make your barn soooo quiet. mats will greatly reduce your bedding cost and labor time. and with all this moisture, ask us about 
special mats or grids for erosion control around the run in, water tank, hay feeder, etc. 

we have mats for every purpose. all kinds. straight edge, interlocking, mats with holes, roll stock, rubber pavers. we also handle stall systems, 
ventilation gates, burlingham sports jumps and accessories – the very best quality items for your barn at a reasonable price. mats for fitness,
crossfit, yoga, aerobics, karate, kids play areas, dog agility and obedience as well.

we would appreciate the opportunity to quote your project. 


ridingright.com is our sister company and shares our warehouse. they are a mail order catalog offering products for equestrians of all levels. they have clothing, horse apparel, grooming and health products, training aids, stable and travel items and a great collections of home decor and gifts. the ridingright.com warehouse outlet store is open by appt or chance mon-sat. stop in for clearance savings.
						
					
 







visit our shop
142 railroad ave, westminster, md  21157
						open 7 days by appt. or by chance
800-467-7321


email: 
jeanne@earthhorse.com





 





please enjoy our website and then give us a call or email. we would appreciate the opportunity to bid your project. no job is too small. in fact we have many items in stock and ready to ship or for pickup.
  
why are we open by appt? just like you, we are horse people. we choose to be training our horses or mowing our fields when you are not here and have flexible hours so we can be here for you when you need us.
  
thank you, 
jeanne emge


 

 

 


 








stall systems
stable flooring
fitness & canine flooring
 




  
 



copyright © emge equine - all rights reserved

 







