

missionsquare retirement | missionsquare

skip to main contentnew year, new look!❯×we’ve made a few updates to the look of our homepage and navigation. you can still log in as usual.researchcontactenrolllog in participantplan sponsorlog in participantplan sponsorparticipants

home ❯ participants



manage my account
log in to my account


need access? start here.
open a traditional ira
open a roth ira


enroll in my plan


account assistance

log in
enroll
open an ira
contact us
forms
digital resources
loss of a loved one



retirement plan information

welcome to missionsquare retirement
are you on track?
what type of investor are you?
roll-in services
learn about contribution limits



retirement education

save for the future
manage my spending
get ready to retire
manage money in retirement




plan sponsors

home ❯ plan sponsors



log in
log in to your account




plan administration & record keeping services

log in
how we serve
contact us



our track record

awards and honors



retirement plan news

updates on retirement-planning legislation as it develops.

washington perspective
secure 2.0



consultants


home ❯ consultants



how we partner with you

we join you in an unwavering commitment to delivering high-quality services and innovative resources to help public sector employees engage, build, and realizeretirement®.



our track record

awards and honors
market insights





plan administration and recordkeeping services

insights into your clients' retirement plans, visual analytics, enhanced features, and tools.

consultant access




legislative advocacy and thought leadership

updates on retirement planning legislation as it develops.

washington perspective


missionsquare funds

for details about the missionsquare funds and our investment philosophy, visit:

missionsquare investments




products & services


home ❯ products & services


investments

457(b) & 401 plans
stable value investments
target-date funds
target-risk funds
missionsquare ira
missionsquare retirement health savings (rhs)
investment philosophy
investment education
market insights



plans

457(b) deferred compensation plans
403(b) defined contribution plans
401(a) defined contribution plans
401(k) retirement savings plans
401(h) retiree health accounts
missionsquare retirement health savings (rhs) program
missionsquare employer investment program
iras



participant services

retirement education

financial planning services
guided pathways® advisory services




about us


home ❯ about us


our company

history
board of directors
executive leadership
awards and honors
policies and disclosures
relationship with icma
missionsquare research institute



our citizenship

corporate citizenship
community giving
memorial scholarship fund
diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging
sustainability
advocacy



news & views

news and updates
market insights
washington perspective
secure 2.0



careers

career opportunities
job openings
employee benefits

contact us

address and phone





        research
      missionsquare research institute
        enroll
      enroll now
        español
      construya en plan

save and invest like your future depends on it.
we’re here to help you along the way.
enrolllogin

discover financial resources available to you
choose your role to get started.


participants
plan sponsors
consultants







recent federal reserve rate pause and the impact on stable value funds
find out what the recent federal reserve rate pause means for the economy and stable value funds.

rate cuts impact





why saving matters
learn the benefits of your missionsquare plan and access tools for each stage of your financial journey.

how we serve participants





get guidance from cfp® professionals
plan for your financial goals with the help of certified financial planner® professionals.

financial planning services


view more for participants








secure 2.0 act
discover what public sector employers need to know and steps to take to align with new legislation.

explore resources





how we serve plan sponsors
learn how we simplify your retirement plan administration.

view our approach





lifelong participant support
see how we educate and engage participants from plan enrollment to retirement and beyond.

view participant education


view more for plan sponsors








strong peer rankings
missionsquare funds have a solid track record when compared to their morningstar peers.

explore our results





why consultants choose missionsquare
there’s a good reason we’re a leading retirement services provider for public sector employers.

see the difference





investment insights for the public sector
access market perspectives through a public service lens designed to help you advise your clients.

get insights


view more for consultants



retirement plans and services designed for you


explore our wide range of retirement plans and investment options. add professional investment advisory services or get help from a cfp® professional.
products and services
partnering with you for over 50 years

since our founding in 1972, our mission is to help you achieve your financial goals, from saving your first dollar to living out your retirement.



$72b
in aum&a


1.3m+
participant accounts


9,000
employer plans


about missionsquare

as of dec. 31, 2024. includes 457(b), 401(a), 401(k), 403(b), and retirement health savings (rhs) plans, employer investment program (eip) plans, affiliated iras, and investment-only assets. includes assets under administration and management by missionsquare with its subsidiaries.

news and insights to keep you informed






featured news


2025 retirement plan contribution limits
the irs has announced the limits for individual contributions to retirement accounts in 2025.








news releases
read the latest updates from missionsquare.





washington perspective
get our thoughts on recent financial legislation.





public sector research
discover insights to help attract and retain public sector workers.





market insights
explore expert market analysis from our investment team.











latest research





student loan debt is a key influencer in u.s. worker decisions to accept and stay in jobs
a new report from the missionsquare research institute finds student loan debt influences job acceptance decisions for 56% of public sector employees and 62% of private sector employees.
 read the report 



return to topcontact usabout usprivacy policyimportant legal informationdisaster recovery and business continuity plansform crs
instagram
 
facebook
 
x formerly twitter
 
linkedin
 
youtube
copyright ©  missionsquare retirement. all rights reserved.
