










home | annenberg


















skip to main site navigation
skip to main content















return to anneberg school for communication homepage



open the main menu






people


faculty, lecturers & researchers


graduate students


staff




graduate


ph.d. program


how to apply


financial support


curriculum and milestones


courses


graduate faculty


joint degrees & certificates


student life


careers & outcomes




undergraduate


major in communication


declaring the major


major requirements


courses


academic opportunities


advising appointments


careers & outcomes




research


research areas


topics


centers & groups


annenberg school library


executive education


multimedia lab




news & events


news


events


in the media


podcast


annenberg magazine




about


message from the dean


mission & history


leadership & governance


community, inclusion, & culture


location & facilities


careers at annenberg


contact us







open the search panel




search site












graduation


alumni


policies & resources










home













exploring a fast-changing media landscape






shaping the future of communication
the annenberg school for communication is a vibrant, diverse, and close-knit community of scholars at the forefront of engaging today's media landscape and its impact on the major issues of our world.















education


undergraduate communication major


doctorate in communication


executive education













research


our research areas


our research centers & groups















hot topics
political communication
more news on political communication







 




news
 a new study uncovers how information spread on facebook in the lead up to and after the 2020 election

  professor sandra gonzález-bailón and colleagues analyzed the spread of over one billion facebook posts to reveal how information flowed on the social network.















news
29 oct 2024

 penn students get convention access in extraordinary political times













news
15 nov 2024

 balancing quantity and quality: how x/twitter’s algorithm influences our consumption of news












event
12 feb 2025
 mic book talk: democracy in power by sandeep vaheesan








 

visit yphtach lelkes, ph.d.'s profile



yphtach lelkes, ph.d.
faculty













hot topics
culture and media
more on culture and media







 




news
 journey to joy

  in a joint class within annenberg and the school of social policy & practice - "journey to joy: designing a happier life" - pik professor desmond upton patton invites students to dream big.















news
23 dec 2024

 most u.s. book bans target children’s literature featuring diverse characters and authors of color













news
9 dec 2024

 why is hollywood so obsessed with con women?












event
21 – 22 jan 2025
 24th annual mlk jr. social justice lecture & award








 

visit aswin punathambekar, ph.d.'s profile



aswin punathambekar, ph.d.
faculty













hot topics
health communication
more on health communication







 




news
 in the annual annenberg lecture, former cdc director rochelle walensky explores the complexities of communicating public health information

  walensky, director of the cdc from january 2021 to june 2023, discussed communicating health information during the unprecedented covid-19 pandemic.















news
27 nov 2024

 “community for rigor” initiative raises the bar in scientific rigor through interdisciplinary collaboration













news
26 nov 2024

 research in brief: effects of anti-smoking messages on young adult lgbtq+ women who smoke












event
21 feb 2025
 katz colloquium: tj billard, northwestern university








 

visit emily falk, ph.d.'s profile



emily falk, ph.d.
faculty


















































































leaders in communication 


scroll through this video gallery to learn more about innovative research and academic interests of our faculty and students.









 




 
annenberg professor sarah j. jackson talks about how the harris campaign is communicating differently than the biden, clinton, and obama campaigns.







 




 
the computational social science lab, led by annenberg professor duncan watts, unites computer science, statistics, and social science to solve challenging real-world problems using digital data and platforms.







 




 
the center for advanced research in global communication at the annenberg school for communication held its first global media cultures collective doctoral institute in delhi india.







 




 
doctoral student silvia téliz studies the representation of skin color, race, and class in latin american media and politics, especially in mexico.







 




 
as part of his dissertation research, doctoral candidate antoine haywood is profiling citizen storytellers at phillycam, philadelphia’s community access media center.







 




 
assistant professor juan llamas-rodriguez talks about how his childhood in mexico set him on a path to studying borders and forms of entertainment that both depict and transcend them.







 




 
an international group of multimodal communication scholars recently convened to share their knowledge production through film, art, movement, music, and sound.







 




 
doctoral candidate and artist roopa vasudevan studies the ways that the everyday technologies shape our daily lives.






see previous slide
see next slide






 


stay engaged with annenberg
sign up for our monthly newsletter, annenberg now, and occasional updates on events, news, and more.




email address



first name



last name





















university of pennsylvania homepage





annenberg school for communication
3620 walnut street
philadelphia, pa 19104
contact us




building hours:
monday to friday - 8:00am to 10:00pm
saturday to sunday - 10:00am to 4:00pm
no pets - service animals only
library hours:
monday to friday - 9:00am to 9:00pm
saturday & sunday - 10:00am to 3:00pm




engage with uson social media


facebook




twitter




youtube




instagram










support annenberg


privacy


copyright information


disclaimer


report accessibility issues & get help


contact us





                copyright © 2025 annenberg school for communication at the university of
        pennsylvania      














