

















animals in distress animal sanctuary, the rescue charity that cares.









the wayback machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20130429194624/http://www.animals-in-distress.net/


animals in distress
founder and chairman: sylvia durham mbe    president: dave eagerpatron tina o'brienour patron tina o'brien      







this banner helps support the
charity, please visit their site.






panelbase.net get rewarded for surveys




miscellaneous links

use the menu below to go to another section



-- select and go --
our full amazon uk store
what's new onsite
animals in distress shopping portal
our ebay auctions
our amazon stores
our affiliate shops
how could you (a dogs tale)
monthly crossword
click to help
print & poster store
lost pets page
online  petitions
feed the animals
friends of animals in distress
daily pet tips





give your mouse a heartv2f (video to flash web video software) easily creates web videos and video html.there are currently 12 visitors on site.we have had 374 visitors in the last 24 hours.
powered by 

perlonline.com



provided by ukauctionhelp.co.uk





are you looking to home an animal?then telephone the irlam sanctuary on 0161 775 2221, for up to the minute information.



thank you for visiting the animals in distress web site.

it is donated to the charity to give people an insight into the 24 hours a day 365 days a year rescue work that is carried out at the two sanctuaries to provide the strays, abandoned, neglected, injured, sick or old animals and unwanted pets in the northwest of england, a better quality of life for them, either through finding a caring new home or providing long term shelter for their remaining years  in the secure and loving environment at the field of dreams retirement home. 

throughout this site you will find information that will explain the workings of the two sanctuaries, where they are, how to find them if you want to visit and how you can help them. you can become a member  and receive a regular newsletter or take out a sponsorship and receive regular updates on your chosen animal.the two sanctuaries have rising vets fees, food, mortgage, power, insurance and transport costs. our resources are stretched to the limit. we need your support to enable our expanding work to continue.

pet insurance

practical horsemanship is a collaboration between dan wilson and grant bazin, who have been involved with horses their whole lives. the methods they utilise are those of non-violence and using the horses own inbuilt body language to establish clear boundaries, allowing them to train horses in a calmer and safer way.

our irlam shop has moved to larger premises





stable environment limiteda company that cares about animals and the environment


we now have a virtual post office where you can send and receive free electronic greetings cards.



   pennisfield farm
sanctuary addresses
 
leach farm
   55 silver street
 
 
swaindrod lane
   irlam
break out of frames
 
blackstone edge
   manchester
 
 
littleborough
   m44 6ht
search this site
 
lancs
   england
 
 
ol15 0le
   telephone:-    0161 775 2221
 daily pet tips 
 
england
   emergency:-    07850 605 283


 
telephone:- 01706 371 731




please help us find these pets





the staff of the sanctuaries would like to thank those of you making a donation as it is very morale raising and they are grateful for any amount large or small as it will help with their many animal rescues.

resource directory

mindvalley labs internet marketing course. the site for everything dog 

oxaty.com - web directory

visit the popular free uk pet community forum at http://www.petforums.co.uk/ where you can get free advice for all pet issues from many of our knowledgeable dog and cat experts and meet new friends who love all types of pets.

domain name registration

interesting articles



< previous | next >
[join the web ring]
 powered by the dog steps people

society-links.com - society directory





< previous |  join this ring | next >

powered by designer dog beds and  extra large dog beds. see the best luxury dog beds, orthopedic dog bed, discount dog bed plus much more dog furniture.





manchester radio online


site map

everyclick



tour the sitesite mapplease visit  our online shopping portal
outgoing email service provided by authsmtp 
miscellaneous linkspets for adoption - dogs for adoption - cats for adoption sports and concert tickets available here!please visit our click to help animals in distress it won't take a minute!

registered charity number: 515886affiliated to the jean sainsbury animal welfare trust -- registered charity 515886

you are visitor number 




 since november 1st 1999
 


constructed in salford a caring city.

dog suppliesdog bedsdog life jacketdog toymendota leadsdog travel bowlslupine collarsraised dog feedersdog gategreeniesflexi leashdog collarsdog boat ladderdog harnessdog stepsk9 advantixfrontline pluskuranda dog bedsdog bowldog rampexercise pensdog cratespet head shampoodog leashdog leaddog frisbeedog clothesfemale dog diapersbark controldog crateflea controldog shoesshow leadshunting dogsdog treats











 


the webmasters computer is protected by keyscrambler when visiting web sites. is yours?



add a link
animals re-homed
awards received
contact us
donate online
downloads

guest book
help us
home page
information
links
membership

message board
newsletter
post office
sadly missed
site search
sponsor animals

visit us
warmbells awards
warmbells page
web rings
shop with a.i.d
why we help

hosted with hosted web uk - uk web hosting & domain registrationthis sites up time monitored by montastic.compasswords stored with access managerthis site is monitored by mon.itor.usthis site is the property of warmbells holly tanglepaws (webmaster@animals-in-distress.net).its upkeep and hosting is donated at no cost.copyright statement

         last updated on 
11 february, 2013









