










web site design and maintenance company in port aransas offering custom web sites for small businesses or organizations; commercial web sites that are effective, easy  to use, and easy to maintain; 
professional web sites that produce the customer response and high search engine ranking; web site makeovers; fix my site; website design company; professional web designers; little guy web sites, headquartered in port aransas, texas usa








  
 little guy
          web sites
"big
          city experience -- small town friendly service"










home
about us
get a quote
portfolio
pricing
fix your site
design ideas






need a web site?
little guy web sites is a
    web site design and maintenance company in port aransas that builds and 
	maintains custom web sites for small businesses or organizations, commercial web sites that are effective, easy to
    use, and easy to maintain, professional web sites that produce the customer response you want and the high search engine ranking you
    need. we also do web site makeovers.
 little guy web sites, headquartered in port aransas, texas usa,
    has been in business 
 since 1999. we've
    been around a long time because we are professional web site designers who
    can save you money by building your commercial web site right the first time.
want to do your own web site
    maintenance and
    updates? no problem. 
 little guy also offers one-on-one tutoring.




look
      who's got a customized web site!








grosse real estate







              austin high school class of '63





cafe roam - st. kitts personal 
			chef


 
 
 




bathtub refinishing




              port aransas vacation rental

friends of the ark




			 

			 
 



			 



actress bonnie isaac

			 



			 

			 
 



			 




			 








want 
	optimized ranking in search results?
are you satisfied with your 
	site's search engine positioning? 
    does your site need optimization for higher organic search engine ranking? 
in today's competitive 
	environment, search engine optimization (seo) is everything when it comes to 
	online exposure. you can buy your way to the top of the results list with 
	expensive ads. or, let us help you rise to the top of the 
	organic results list with the help of proven seo techniques applied to your 
	site pages. with our help, not only will the positioning of your homepage 
	improve, but internal pages will be ranked as standalone entries, expanding 
	your internet presence. 





need help to fix
    my site?
are you getting the results you
    want from your site? 
    does your site need to be updated for today's variety of screen displays? 
 doctor little guy will help you fix your site. we will give you makeover suggestions based on a free evaluation of your site's overall design, ease
    of use, and more.









contact our top guy 


thanks for
visiting our site.

 
this page was updated on
10/10/22.








