




remedy bladder infection naturally | uribiotic formula | foh inc.





















 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







win 

a free bottle of uribiotic


your feedback is important to us.


please tell us what you like most about any of our uti products from your own experiences using them.

at the beginning of every month we will pick our favourite entry as the winner and publish it on this site.

in appreciation for your time, you will receive a free bottle of uribiotic.

click here for details.


listen to
radio spot  



uribiotic


clarevasa


clear-g


tgs ii











uti signs symptoms  | 
uti causes risk factors  |
uti e. coli | 
uti antibiotics | 
uti catheters |
uti health tips |
uribiotic benefits testimonials






urinary bladder infection 
 non-drug approach to acute & chronic utis 




sufferer-centered & effective solution for 

healing naturally the common urological problem


(appreciated by our satisfied customers since 2003)






a urinary bladder infection may come suddenly - with no warning and begin a long, painful and frustrating battle for you, accompanied by endless rounds of prescription antibiotics. but, contrary to standard mass medicine, drug approaches are not the only option available for this condition.




the numbers are alarming and saddening at the same time! bladder infection, a type of urinary tract infection (uti), in the united states alone affects over 13 million people each year (over 150 million worldwide). it has been the most common infection in adult women (30:1 female to male ratio). 
to treat the utis, each year american doctors alone write over 2.45 million antibiotic prescriptions. these numbers are obviously as sweet as honey to the big pharma's ears.

in addition, urinary tract infections are becoming increasingly hard to treat because of emerging resistance to current antibiotics. the problem is linked with longer duration and multiple courses of antibiotics - as long as 6 months to 2 years. it is also spawned by the worldwide overuse of antibiotics in the farming industry which enter the food chain.


are we really so helpless when it comes to urinary tract infection as standard medicine wants us to believe?!


taking antibiotics can be a wise decision, even life-saving at time, there's no doubt about it - but not if chosen in ignorance of their natural alternatives.

unfortunately, after leaving the doctor's office, the typical treatment for uti inevitably means prescription drugs. nary a word on dietary supplements, although more and more people, some 'white coats' included, admit that there are successful methods to fight urinary tract infections other than temporary medical interventions.

for this reason we decided to participate in bringing to public awareness a message that can change your life - a much-needed lifeline for those in desperate need for urinary and bladder help in the vast sea of unnecessary pain and suffering:






don't give in, never give up! contrary to standard medicine, you can remedy and prevent urinary tract infections naturally; and, therefore, reduce your risk of recurrent bladder infections without the need for widely prescribed drugs (antibiotics) that can only relieve the symptoms and often prompt multiple side effects.


by following the "do no harm" principle and placing the uti sufferers' nutritional needs first and foremost, the natural approach to bladder infections has been found truly effective, and most importantly, safe. that is what sets it apart from conventional standard treatments.

the beauty of this approach is that you can do it on your own and - get results, as opposed to taking multiple antibiotics.

so far, thousands of women and men who have done it achieved immense improvement in their urinary health. almost every week, we hear stories from people who have benefited from this simple method - so simple that, at first, its simplicity makes it difficult to believe.

so, free yourself from negativity or doubt, if any, and explore with an open mind what many people still do not know, or do not want to know about uribiotic formula. and remember, while evaluating alternative methods, you need to be more concerned with what is right rather than who is right.

you should also be more decisive about your condition rather than vague or unsure. the quality of your life, or the life of someone in the desperate need for help, may depend upon it.

it is our hope, then, that you will be able to make up your own mind without being dominated by conventional doctors' assumption of authority, so you, or someone you know or hold dear, could fully benefit from it.

in other words, the natural approach to uti is for you - if you have courage, good will and persistence, and are not afraid to take your health into your own hands.

before you continue though, if you intend to, we need to give you the standard medical disclaimer, necessary by law for all natural and alternative health recommendations:

if you have any symptoms described, it is imperative that you seek proper medical attention immediately. never start a new exercise, dietary supplementation or diet program without first consulting your doctor. the information provided here is intended solely for reference and based on personal experiences with uribiotic formula. individual results may vary and this should not be taken in place of proper medical treatment by a professional. by viewing this site, you have agreed to our full medical disclaimer.

now, let's get into the details.






how uribiotic formula can help you?



advanced urinary tract support: naturopathic program





uribiotic formula | herbal antibiotic


d-mannose max powder | e. coli remedy


ut probiotics ultra strength | urogenital flora support


the low-grain, low-sugar delight | uti diet cookbook


free e-pamphlet | say no! to urinary bladder infection




need help or advice?
contact us by   or by phone: 1. 705. 304. 6246 (us/can)

monday, wednesday, friday: 11:00 am -3:00 pm est (holidays excluded)



© 2003-2021 remedy-bladder-infection.com | stop urinary bladder infection naturally with uti uribiotic formula | herbal antibiotic | holistic natural uti cure, treatment and prevention. fast wholistic, antibiotic-free solution to cystitis, urethritis and urethral syndrome. the information provided herein on bladder infection (uti) and the natural, safe alternatives to antibiotics is a general overview on bladder infection and may not apply to everyone; therefore, it should not be used for diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. while reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information, full of health, inc. assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from use of the information herein.

uribiotic and full of health are registered trademarks of full of health, inc.










urinary tract infection, or uti for short, has become a major medical problem. affecting over 13 million people each year in the united states alone, it is the most common infection in adult females (30:1 female:male ratio). in fact, it is a worldwide health problem.
 
this website is intended to help you - a bladder infection sufferer - become an informed patient who can manage her or his own care, ask the right questions, insist on adequate management and information, and seek an optimal health outcome. 

perhaps it will even help medical health professionals to appreciate and, hopefully, consider the nutritional and lifestyle-based approach as the alternative treatment option for urinary tract infections.

for important healthcare decisions, you need to stay alert, demand answers, and ultimately rely on yourself. we do hope that by applying the outlined guidelines, you will be able to take better control of your urinary health, just as we all should do.


what all women need to know

what are the signs and symptoms, causes and risk factors, and prevention of urinary tract infection in women, adult females (cystitis, urethritis, interstitial cystitis/painful bladder); e. coli alternative, holistic and natural uti cure and treatment without antibiotics.

what all men need to know

what are the signs and symptoms, causes and risk factors, and prevention of urinary bladder infection in men, adult males; cystitis, urethritis; e. coli alternative, holistic and natural uti cure and treatment without antibiotics.

what all mothers need to know

what are the signs and symptoms of urinary bladder infection in kids, small children, infants; natural and uti safe prevention, cure and treatment with d-mannose max powder.

what all mothers-to-be and pregnant women need to know

how to reduce increased susceptibility to urinary track infection - cystitis, urethritis - during pregnancy; e. coli alternative, holistic and natural uti cure and treatment with d-mannose max powder.

what people with spinal cord injury need to know

neurological conditions like paraplegia and quadriplegia, a spinal cord impairment (sci), usually result in neurogenic bladder causing recurrent, chronic urinary tract infections.

standard antibiotic treatments

standard antibiotic treatments for urinary tract infections - bladder infection, cystitis, urethritis - in women, men, teenagers, children, paraplegics, and during pregnancy; antibiotic limitations, drawbacks and side effects.

uribiotic formula

the healing properties and benefits of uribiotic formula -  a proprietary botanical herbal remedy for holistic natural cure, treatment and prevention of acute, repeated and/or chronic urinary tract infections in women, men, paraplegics, quadriplegics.

d-mannose max powder

d-mannose max powder prevents e. coli bacteria from sticking to the bladder walls. a natural alternative to antibiotics that supports the immune and urinary tract systems.

ut probiotics ultra strength 
friendly urogenital flora support called probiotics that help fully exert the therapeutic, protective and preventive (prophylactic) effects of uribiotic formula and d-mannose max powder.

the low-grain, low-sugar cookbook

the low-grain, low-sugar diet and cookbook to prevent, treat and cure acute and recurrent urinary tract infection in women, men, teenagers and children.

uti naturopathic program | product catalog

prevent, remedy, cure and treat bladder infections with uribiotic formula. d-mannose max powder and ut priobitcs ultra strength naturally - without the need for antibiotics.

say no! to bladder infection | free e-pamphlet info

up-to-date free information on the alternative - holistic, natural, dietary, nutritional, herbal - and standard medical antibiotic treatments for acute and recurrent urinary tract infection in women, men, teenagers and children.






about full of health, inc.


































