





home - ethan allen homestead museum


































































skip to content








ethan allen homestead museum
at the crossroads of history 

















menu
home
about
visit
history
exhibits
programs
shop online
contact
location
event calendar
support us!


    








search for:



 
×














home





now hiring: assistant directorthe assistant director is a new position that will be joining the ethan allen homestead museum as we embark on new preservation and fundraising efforts while continuing to grow our well-established public programming. click here to read the full job posting.
upcoming events: now – april 30, 2025: winter season. special events and private bookings only. email ethanallenhomestead@gmail.com to book. the grounds & trails are open daily year-round. see winooski valley park district for more information.february 16, 2:00-3:00pm: free monthly (online) lecture. the tragedy of thomas paine by dr. richard bell, history professor at university of maryland. zoom only. click here to register. participation is limited. this will not be recorded.march 16, 2:00-3:00pm: free monthly lecture, on-site at the museum. summit preserve: uvm’s 1859 purchase of the summit of mt. mansfield by robert mello. no registration required. april 19, 2:00-3:00pm: new volunteer orientation. registration required. email angie at director@ethanallenhomestead.org to attend.april 27, 2:00-3:00pm: free monthly lecture. vermont’s ira allen: a hard founding father to love by kevin graffagnino. located at the ethan allen homestead museum. free to attend.may 1, 10:00am-4:00pm: opening day of 2025 season!




we are so pleased to premiere our new short documentary film on fanny allen penniman! premiered july 27, 2024

volunteers needed!volunteer groups wanted for archaeological artifact preservation project. sort, bag, & label artifacts from archaeological digs here at the homestead site. help us prepare the collection for long-term preservation. 2-4 hour sessions, training provided, supplies provided, no experience needed. great for corporate groups, youth groups, etc. who are looking for a community service project. winter is a great time for this project! email ethanallenhomestead@gmail.com for more info.individuals: join our archaeology volunteer team to sort, bag, & label artifacts. the archaeology team meets the 2nd & 4th saturdays of the months at the museum, 10am-12pm. email ethanallenhomestead.org to sign up.click here to learn about other volunteer opportunities.













hours of operation 
november 1st – april 30th: winter special events & group reservations only. email ethanallenhomestead@gmail.com to book a winter visit.
 
general admission will open again on may 1, 2025, with tours at 10:50, 11:30, 1:10, & 2:30. it is recommended to arrive 30 minutes before a tour to watch one of our videos. click here to plan your visit.



members only page  members only page  donate & membershipmake a donation or purchase/renew membershipcommitment to equityour commitment to equitycommitment to accessibility click here to learn about accessibility for visiting the ethan allen homestead museum.



















copyright © 2025 ethan allen homestead museum
design by themesdna.com




scroll to top



				accessibility			

at the ethan allen homestead museum, we are committed to becoming as accessible as possible to all of our guests. this is an always on-going and evolving process, and it is not without difficulty as we have to balance our natural landscape, with the integrity of our historic structures, and our financial and institutional capabilities. we are always welcome for suggestions for improvement and assistance in achieving this goal of being able to fully serve all of our guests. for information on strategies we consider, and accessibility requirements, please follow the link below provided by the university of vermont:
https://www.uvm.edu/histpres/307/accessguide.pdf
our staff and volunteers are always willing to work with folks with mobility-needs, developmental disabilities, tbis, communication difficulties, cognitive impairment, aphasia and any other requirements. if you communicate with us how we can best serve you, we will make it our priority!
historic site areas:
parking lot
our parking lot is dirt, and can get muddy. for your convience, we have two marked handicap parking spots on either side of the entrance ramp.
the visitor center
the visitor center is fully accessible via wheel chair, we do not have any automatic doors currently, but our staff and volunteers would be happy to assist if required. for our guests with mobility issues, we have one wheelchair for guest use, just ask our cashier for assistance.
path to the allen house
the path to the allen house is crushed, packed gravel and is approximately 150 yards long. for guests with difficulty walking long distances, use of our wheel chair or other assistive device is recommended. guests will often require assistance moving their wheel chairs or other assistive devices down this path. again, our staff and volunteers are happy to assist.
entrance to the allen house
there is a ramp leading up to the allen house that allows access to wheel chairs and walkers. we are unable to widen the doorways without compromising the structure. there are also ramps alongside the house that allow more access, and are within code.
inside the allen house
the allen house is set up in an architectural design indigenous to the 1780s. as such, the interior is cramped, the doors narrow, and there are doorjambs that run the bottom of each doorway. assistance may be required in this case, and as always our staff and volunteers are happy to help.
visual or hearing impaired
certain objects in the allen house may be handled. our guides are more than willing to describe and let people handle these reproductions.
our guides are not fully trained in asl, but text versions of our tours may be obtained prior to your tour.
we are always willing to working with anyone assisting guests with visual or hearing impairments.


			close			





				commitment to equity			

history is at its core a collection of diverse stories and experiences that we tell about ourselves. the literature, objects, land, and people all have stories and perspectives. they are not straight lines, nor are they universal experiences, rather they are collections of narratives that intersect and interact with each other. the storyteller and the listener construct meaning together. history is not a fixed thing, rather it is constantly evolving and growing based on people sharing and being included. the more stories and experiences that are invited to sit at the table and share, the deeper the knowledge, and richer the understanding.
in the earliest days of our republic, the concept of natural law was inscribed in the code of our civic religion. certain concepts like freedom of speech, a free press, security, and freedom of assembly to petition for a redress of grievances were not rights granted by a government, but natural rights that existed outside of governmental power. central to these concepts is the notion that government should be formed by the consent of the governed, with all people welcomed and all perspectives welcomed, and those natural rights and laws understood to apply to all living things. yet, we must also be honest that despite aspiring to these lofty ideals, the founders were not able to live up to them. certain attitudes, prejudices, and failings prevented them from fulfilling that promise. it is incumbent upon us as the inheritors of their legacy to learn from both their successes and their failures, to live up to those goals ourselves and ensure that the natural rights of all living beings are respected, understood, and protected. inherent in that concept is the responsibility that we leave our children a better legacy than we received ourselves.
we stand in solidarity against institutionalized, governmental, and societal oppression. we stand against racism, majoritarian tyranny, cultural hegemony, and bigotry in any form. those concepts are abhorrent to natural law and deny living beings their natural rights.  we commit to be a space where stories and ideas that challenge and dismantle systems of domination and oppression can be told and shared. we commit to leaving our children’s legacy, our society, and our home better than we found it.


			close			





				virtual tour of fanny's garden			

take a virtual tour of fanny’s gardenhttp://www.vtility.net/virtualtour/iwojxxza96


			close			




















