











conrad schmitt studios home - conrad schmitt studios
 






























































download brochure



download brochure











home
about

studio history
biographies
awards & testimonials
safety
gruenke foundation for the arts


portfolio

sacred spaces
civic spaces
hotels & theaters
stained glass
past project map


services
contact

frequently asked questions
careers
employment application


resources
blog
 


select page


  
 



 



 













 








artistry in the detailmastery in the vision
 

 
 






excellence in artistrysince 1889
 

 
 
 
 
 



for more than a century, internationally recognized conrad schmitt studios has created timeless interiors and fine works of art for buildings of architectural, historic and religious significance.
 
 
 



sacred spaces 


 


civic spaces 


 


theatres & hotels 


 
 



decorative painting & restoration 


 


murals & fine arts 


 


stained & architectural art glass 


 


statuary 


 
 
 




 


 

a reputation for excellence
 
for over a century, conrad schmitt studios has advanced a tradition of excellence in artistry and craftsmanship. concern for the artistic value of a project is paramount. studio artisans do more than paint walls or assemble windows – they create enduring works of art through historic restoration services.
conrad schmitt studios provides award-winning artistic services for church restoration, theatres and hotels, courthouses, state capitols and other notable structures. with a passion for restoration art.
css’s experienced artists and craftspeople create new designs and conserve historic artwork in the form of decorative painting restoration, stained glass restoration, architectural art glass, ornamental plaster, scagliola, mural painting restoration, mosaics and statue restoration.
today, as in the past, the studio is dedicated to providing excellence in art conservation and restoration, upholding the highest standards of beauty, quality and longevity. the firm’s proven professional integrity is unmatched in the industry. css stands proudly behind all of its work.
read more

 
 
 








“i want to thank you and the artisans at conrad schmitt for the superb restoration of the 1914 tiffany stained glass windows at santa gertrudis. not only was the restoration executed flawlessly, but the project was completed on time and on budget, accomplishments rarely met in such detailed architectural work. the professionalism of your company and the skills of your craftsmen are unmatched in the restoration business…”
— bruce s. cheeseman, archivist and historian
 

 
 




“we had almost 200 people come through... all socially distancing, of course! rave reviews...some were in tears as they walked down the aisle, most in awe and a few said that they felt like they had just gone to heaven. ”
— rev. msgr. steven brovey, cathedral of st. john the baptist charleston, sc
 

 
 




“i cannot begin to adequately express my appreciation. the restoration of the right side of the mural and recreation of the missing left half, working entirely from photographs, is artistically so well done that one cannot determine which is the recreation.”
— mary l. bishop hawaii theater center
 

 
 




“you have made fast friends of us at st. john the baptist – we will be recommending you and singing your praises to one and all. this has been such a positive experience in every way imaginable. love and prayers,”
— fr. norbert, pastor st. john the baptist, costa mesa, ca
 

 
 




“you have a wonderful business and are doing so much to protect church treasures…i was impressed with the work ethic of your employees but most of all the spirit generated throughout the entire operation.”
— libby kidd, director of operations independent presbyterian church birmingham, al
 

 
 




“your interest, willingness to listen, readiness to suggest, and eagerness to excel enthralled our committee and bolstered the courage of its members to move ahead with the work at hand.”
— fr. gerald e. fisher, pastor, st. peter’s parish, stevens point, wi
 

 
 




“just recently we completed the red mass…those are participants who have seen st. peter’s regularly over the years. their astonishment and affirmation of the improvements undertaken by yourself and your associates, through the leadership of father sherlock and members of his parish, was universal.”
— most reverend oscar h. lipscomb, archbishop of mobile mobile, al
 

 
 




“i had thought we would just get our treasured window back as it had been, only more secure. i hadn’t reckoned on its looking so much better, with greater clarity and pieces i’d not noticed before. and it’s not just me—everyone comments on how beautiful it is…from the point of view of the person asking for donations, the widely respected reputation of conrad schmitt plus the close association between your church and grace church has made my job much easier…please know that every time we look at that precious window all perfect and restored, we are glad.”
— jane henning grace episcopal church, madison, wi
 

 
 




“we now have had the opportunity to celebrate easter, ordinary time, advent and christmas…and continue to be overwhelmed with the fruits of your labors.”
— pastor john t. fitzgerald church of st. luke plain, wi
 

 
 




“i just want to say a huge thank you for all the beautiful… no: amazing windows in our chapel! our three saints (francis, clare and mother maria theresia) literally jump out to greet you when you enter the chapel, the images and colors are that vivid. details are far more visible than i imagined they could be – the windows are simply stunning! the lunettes, too, are “high definition” with figures that convey all the tenderness and joy of the two events they commemorate.”
— sister m. anita holzmer, university of saint francis
 

 
 




“thank you for your personal efforts … to make this project one of the most talked about restorations in new york.”
— kenneth hurd, kenneth e. hurd & associates on completion of the grand ballroom of new york’s waldrof-astoria
 

 
 




“i think what most impressed us was the enormous care that you and your firm took at every step of the process. no detail was overlooked and no aspect of sacred heart church’s history was too insignificant for your study and analysis…thank you for your talent and skill.”
— bishop daniel r. jenky, c.s.c. basilica of the sacred heart, university of notre dame, south bend, in
 

 
 




“the changed liturgical space is not only aesthetically pleasing, it functions better for our worship services. thank you for assisting us in being faithful to the traditions embodied in our building while at the same time enhancing that space to accommodate the worship needs of the present and, hopefully, of the future.”
— kay anderson st. robert parish, shorewood, wi
 

 
 




“the cathedral has drawn some beautiful attention from the media and has become a new focal point of tours in the shreveport area. what conrad schmitt did to restore and renovate this 78-year-old gothic structured church into a beautiful cathedral cannot be expressed in words.”
— rev. msgr. earl v. provenza, v.f. cathedral of st. john berchmans shreveport, la
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 contact information
 



conrad schmitt studios, inc.2405 s. 162nd st.new berlin, wi 53151

 
 



phone: 800-969-3033262-786-3030fax: 262-786-9036

 
 



studio@conradschmitt.com

 
 
subscribe to email list

followfollowfollow
 
 

contact us




name


email address


phone number


message


how did you hear about us?

how did you hear about us?social mediagoogleadvertismentarticleother




send message



 
 

 
 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 







facebook


copyright © 2023 conrad schmitt studios, inc.
  

 
 
 






















