






dennis, ma bed & breakfast near the beach | isaiah hall bed & breakfast inn cape cod



































































skip to content 





 
 
menu 







 
menu 
stay

rooms
rent the inn
policies
about


gallery
nearby

beaches
restaurants
golf
discover cape cod


contact
book online
 















welcome to













on the edge of dennis village, near bayside beaches



view rooms  











dennis, ma bed & breakfast
enjoy the comfortable, classic and vintage ambience of isaiah hall inn, a cape cod bed and breakfast ideal for a romantic new england vacation getaway. open year round, this lovely 1857 farmhouse is tucked away on a quiet historic side street near cape cod bay.
for those looking to relax and escape the every day hassles, the inn’s guestrooms, guest suites, and beautiful gardens are a great place to decompress. you may choose to lounge in our parlor enjoying the fireplace and a quiet space for reading or pass time in our great room with large tv, comfortable leather sofas and game table. our quiet location means you are more likely to hear the sound of birds than the sound of traffic.
from here you may take a leisurely stroll to corporation beach, or the village of dennis, mass. with its antique and craft shops and excellent restaurants. or visit the cape museum of fine arts and the cape playhouse, the oldest summer theater in america just around the corner.

explore the inn  













dennis, ma bed & breakfast
enjoy the comfortable, classic and vintage ambience of isaiah hall inn, a cape cod bed and breakfast ideal for a romantic new england vacation getaway. open year round, this lovely 1857 farmhouse is tucked away on a quiet historic side street near cape cod bay.
for those looking to relax and escape the every day hassles, the inn’s guestrooms, guest suites, and beautiful gardens are a great place to decompress. you may choose to lounge in our parlor enjoying the fireplace and a quiet space for reading or pass time in our great room with large tv, comfortable leather sofas and game table. our quiet location means you are more likely to hear the sound of birds than the sound of traffic.
from here you may take a leisurely stroll to corporation beach, or the village of dennis, mass. with its antique and craft shops and excellent restaurants. or visit the cape museum of fine arts and the cape playhouse, the oldest summer theater in america just around the corner.

explore the inn  







unbeatable location in dennis, ma
for those seeking for more active outdoor pursuits, there is the cape cod rail trail with its 40 miles of biking terrain, two tennis clubs nearby, golfing at dennis highlands and dennis pines and whale watching cruises from nearby hyannis. cape cod national seashore, with its six swimming beaches, eleven self-guided nature trails, and a variety of picnic areas and scenic overlooks provide a haven for naturalists, recreational enthusiasts, and those who just want to bask in the beauty of the cape.



beachcorporation
13 mins
3 mins
2 mins


theatercape playhouse
11 mins
3 mins
2 mins


restaurantencore bistro & bar
8 mins
2 mins
1 mins


weddingsdennis inn
3 mins
1 mins
1 mins








history of the inn
the inn is a greek revival farmhouse built in 1857 by isaiah b. hall, a cooper and builder who patented the first cranberry barrels for transport. he employed a shiverick shipyard crew to build the home as evidenced by the captain’s stairs in the main house. his grandfather, henry hall, cultivated the first cranberry bog in 1807 down behind the inn. today the house remains intact architecturally with the typical greek revival “big house, little house, back house, and carriage house” sections.

read more  







modernized, clean and immaculate5 star rating5 star rating5 star rating5 star rating5 star ratingmemorable, in the best way, is the only way to describe my experience. if you are visiting cape cod, you gotta stay at this historic bed and breakfast inn. the place is over 165 years old, but incredibly well preserved, modernized, clean and immaculate. the home was built by new england ship builders of the 1800s. the new owners amy and mark (published business author) are attentive and the best kind of people you want to be in charge of your stay. you will feel comfortable and remember this great place forever. can’t say that about the 100+ chain hotels i have been to. this is a must for cape cod.
close to beaches, restaurant and antiquing5 star rating5 star rating5 star rating5 star rating5 star ratingultra peaceful and clean inside and out! wonderful historic charm and beautiful gardens. owners mark and amy and their staff are warm and friendly, and make a delicious breakfast. bed and sheets were soft and cozy. we couldn’t have wanted more. the location is close to great beaches, restaurants and antiquing. we have found our favorite home away from home!
very comfortable bed5 star rating5 star rating5 star rating5 star rating5 star ratingnew owners have done a fantastic job fixing up this beautiful b&b. very comfortable bed. very good continental breakfast. beautiful property. your hosts are extremely friendly and organized. this b&b is great now, and only going to get better. go on, book it!
breakfast was excellent5 star rating5 star rating5 star rating5 star rating5 star ratingwe had a wonderful experience at this b&b! our room was lovely and the bathroom was very large and very clean. the staff was very friendly and very capable and the provided breakfast was excellent! overall i highly recommend this property.

 












connect
508-385-9928
follow us:


location



152 whig streetdennis, ma 02638



we are close to both dennis village and its famous bayside beaches. beach guide →


book direct
get our best rates and room selection when you call us or book online today.
check availability & book online →



book online





accessibility
privacy
legal
sitemap

© 2024 isaiah hall bed & breakfast inn
website by community web development, cape cod seo 

























