







tornado air™ — more power, more mileage!




















































































































        buy now
      

            parts store
          

guides


        cart
      



            faq
          

            30-day guarantee
          

            shipping
          





back


            measure
          

            install
          














































































buy nowparts store
guides

measure
install

cart







more power   more mileage™




faq30-day guaranteeshipping









scroll






unleashwind power

buy now


tornado air ™ system
$ 89.00 usd+ free shipping 







 
tornado air improves your everyday driving experience with more power and mileage. your wheels go further (30-60 more miles) each time you fill up at the gas station. if you're here, you heard about us from your family or friend. order online, get installed, and tell your family and friends!  


buy now


 


customers
autozone, fedex, 1st responders and moresatisfaction
your satisfaction is 100% guaranteedeasy install
installs in minutes with simple tools in your garage 




 
abc10 newsi-team


    watch video
  

  







 

reporter juliette vara, abc10 news

“ the chevy now gets 12.2+ mpg, a savings of 11%. based on this, i'd recommend the tornado ”

   




 
designed incalifornia


    install guide
  

  







 










boise police department

“ we saw our chevy impalas increase 3 miles per gallon. thank you! ”












certified master mechanic

“ tornado air installed easily and improved fuel mileage... ”












bobby, the carclinic ™


“ in my 40-years living the automobile service life, i can't remember any automotive product that was so in-expensive and maintenance-free as tornado air and delivered such positive results ”

 




 
shipped fromcalifornia


    measuring guide
  

 

































































































↑ back to top






1. splash



2. about



3. splash



4. video



5. splash



6. visitors



7. splash



9. logos














211 south state college boulevard
unit 10107,
anaheim, california 92806,
united states of america
support@tornadoair.com


hours




faq30-day guaranteeshippingcontact



 © 1995-2023, tornado air™ management. all rights reserved. tornado™ & tornado air™ are registered u.s. trademarks. terms of use. privacy policy.


‡ tornado's air system is compatible with most vehicles. your results will vary.
1 pays for itself will vary on commute, driving habits, and price of oil.
2 warranty for life covers manufacturer's defects.
3 least expensive upgrade as compared to air intake systems and exhaust systems.
4 calculation based on the average commute of 47 minutes, highway mileage at 29 mpg (miles per gallon), cost of gas priced at $2.54 per gallon, and driving with tornado air system. your mileage results will vary.
5 official testing results provided by arb approved lab. air & resources board of the california environmental protection agency.
6 research & development lab at a major automotive manufacturer.
 







