


yard & garden | extension | usu





































utah state university sites use cookies. by continuing to use this site you accept our privacy and cookie policy.
								i agree
							skip to content







apply
visit
give
calendar
a-z index
directory
libraries









quick links
								
myusu
search
								








yard and garden
extension







close search



search utah state university:

i want to search
all usu sites
people

search termssubmit search











extension yard and gardenopen main menu

 close
						open search



		gardening topics 



 close
gardening topics


fruit, vegetable, & herb growing guides
soil care
lawn & yard care
trees & shrubs
flowers
weeds



monthly tips
research
basics of gardening
events
gardening courses

more gardening 


 close
more gardening help


gardening tips podcast
video library
garden store
gardens & centers
gardens memberships
apps & advice
master gardeners
pest management
water-efficient landscaping




tips sign up



quick links
					
 closequick links


apply
visit
give
calendar
a-z index
directory
libraries



myusu











yard and garden
usu extension provides tips and advice for gardeners of all skill levels.














take an online gardening course

usu extension offers a wide range of courses on gardening topics, including backyard chickens, beginner farming, botany, houseplants, vegetable gardening, managing garden pests, soil, landscape design, lawns, and more.






 join the utah gardening experts facebook group »



guides for growing & maintaining your yard & garden
select a topic below for valuable resources which will assist in making your yard or garden successful this year. learn more about what has gone into these guides and this website: about usu extension yard & garden.






fruits, vegetables, & herbs









healthy soil









trees & shrubs









lawn care









weeds








monthly tips & checklist
have a hard time remembering what to do and when to do it? checkout our gardener's almanac and get a checklist of things to do each month.
view gardener's almanac  




gardening classes online
our popular in-person courses have now been brought online so you can view them whenever and however you want. developed by usu faculty who have thousands of hours of research, we'll show you how to become your best yard, garden, and landscape yet — even if you've failed in the past. usu extension also offers in-person classes, courses, and workshops, view these events on our calendar. 







how to grow vegetablesthere is nothing like homegrown corn on the cob, red-ripe tomatoes fresh from the garden, or popping open snap peas on a warm summer’s day. this course is designed for those who are interested in improving their ability to grow vegetables.


growing a healthy lawnhow often should grass be watered and for how long? what is the optimal mowing height? is fertilizer required, and if so, what kind, and how often should it be applied? this course will answer all those questions and more!


creating perfect soilwhat is soil made of? how does it impact plant growth? how do plants get the minerals and water they need to thrive? this course explores soil texture and structure, why it’s important, how to get it right, how to create your own compost, tips for trouble


growing fruit and nutsfruits and nuts are some of the most common edible crops grown in backyards. this course shows you the best practices to produce the highest yield of fruits and nuts.


controlling & managing garden pestsare pests enjoying your garden more than you are? this course is designed for those interested in learning the best techniques for pest management.


planting & maintaining trees & shrubstrees and shrubs add beauty and interest to any landscape, but the upkeep can be daunting at times! this course explores the functions of woody plants in the landscape, considerations when selecting new additions, proper planting, when and how to prune, i


growing amazing annuals & popping perennialsdo you love flowers around you and wish you had them blooming year-round? this course is designed to guide the planting and maintenance of annuals, perennials, and bulbs for beautiful blooms and lasting color all year. 


basic botany of plantshave you ever wondered how your plants grow, develop, and function? or how they are affected by the environment around them? by understanding the inner workings of plants and soils, you can give your plants the care and support they need.


previousnext


view all courses  







visit a demonstration garden
the usu extension gardens throughout the state provide beautifully manicured and curated landscaping as well as education from our specialists. peruse to see what plants and techniques were used to make these gardens come to life as well as take a class from our on-site experts. usu extension can also be found at these gardens: thanksgiving point, wheeler farm, conservation gardens.


  ogden botanical gardens 


  usu botanical center 


  swaner ecocenter 







news & highlights











read story




january 31, 2025
ask an expert – february pre-gardening checklist

much can be done now to get a jump start on the growing season. these tips, with links from the utah state university extension gardeners almanac, can help get you going.









read story




january 10, 2025
ask an expert – winter garden planning tips

cold winter days might keep us indoors, but now is the perfect time to plan for warmer days and gardening.









read story




december 6, 2024
ask an expert - december gardener’s almanac tips

though yards and gardens have been put to bed, there are still outdoor tasks to consider and holiday gardening gifts to be given. here are some ideas.








more yard & garden news  







more yard & garden news  












upcoming yard & garden events





full yard & garden calendar  








                       ipm pest advisories
                    



more pest advisories  











full yard & garden calendar  



more pest advisories  









yard & garden social media















garden guys & gal











homegrown horticulture











utah pests














center for water-efficient landscaping








yard & garden











usu extension



connect with us

usu extension facebook
usu extension instagram
usu extension linkedin
usu extension twitter
usu extension youtube



about


about us
impacts
locations
online courses
online store
extensión en español




employee resources


employee website
marketing
employment opportunities
organizational chart




media & publications


in the news
publications
podcasts
apps
news





 donate 
 contact us
 tips sign up
 attend  an event











maps & directions
search usu
campus safety
jobs
contact




terms of use
copyright
privacy
accessibility
non-discrimination
admin





back to top of the page





















