



kerrlakerentals.com

























































homevacation rentalscontact andreaservices in clarksvillelong term rentalsmembers only page








































check-in time is 3pm for most units,except due to the large size of eagles nest
         check-in is 4pm 

welcome to kerrlakerentals.com!we
         have many vacation properties available for rental on kerr lake (pronounced carr, also known as buggs island lake). all of
         our rentals are near the lakeside town of clarksville virginia. all have docks, and all are fully furnished...you bring only
         bed linens (some rentals furnish linens) and paper goods (napkins, paper towels, toilet paper, etc.). most are available
         for weekly and weekend rental,except holiday weekends, a few are only available by the week. prices are varied to fit your
         budget and taste, from snug cabins or trailers to roomy deluxe homes. some allow you to bring your pet (deposits apply). come
         and enjoy yourself in the country, on the lake. go fishing on a nationally recognized tournament lake, visit local sites like
         prestwould plantation, springfield museum, or occoneechee state park, have a bite in town or shop in the excellent antique
         shops on virginia avenue. or you can just relax on the porch and watch the fish jumping. it's a different world. . .thanks for looking,andrea dodson, rental manager clark dodson, broker

click here to view rentals
budget tight? consider this...it can cost a lot more
         to fly or drive to many resort areas, even with the lower cost of gas. we are within one tankful of many locations,(check
         it out). plus, vacation homes typically cost less to rent for week than a week in a motel, and offer more ways to save
         money. some units are available year round so you can relax in winter as well as in summer.

 deposits
after making your reservation, you can pay
         your deposit below if we haven't sent you an invoice via paypal.  you can use your usual credit card on paypal even
         if you don't have a paypal account.  choose the required deposit amount
         from the drop-down menu.  this page is for deposits only...we
         don't accept full payment by this method because paypal's added fee for an entire vacation payment would be an additional
         3.5%-billed to you. so, unless you don't mind paying the extra fee, let's keep the cost down, your check or money order is good
         for the balance as long as it's submitted at least 10 days before your arrival.   exception: if you make a late reservation (within 7 days of arrival), you must pay
         via paypal from the invoice we will send you, and you must include paypal's 
         3.5% fee.new policy: as stated elsewhere in the website,
         your deposit will be refunded after the cleaner completes inspection. we will no longer mail paper checks for online deposit
         refunds due to irs tax changes; if you paid your deposit here via paypal your refund will be returned to your payment source
         (credit/debit card, etc).

choose below from
         the drop down the amount indicated on the on the home selections page  





deposit
deposit2 $250.00 usd
deposit3 $300.00 usd
deposit4 $350.00 usd
deposit5 $400.00 usd
 


































check the current lake level and other useful information here.
↓↓check bing
         maps for directions to clarksville and our office from your location↓↓













enter your starting address:


street address: 



city: 



state: 



zip code: 



























































