














probrewer – an online resource serving the beer industry



























































































 














probrewer menu





news & expert topics





current expert topic:
brewery equipment – a comprehensive look at equipment for brewing and packaging






impact on craft brewers of new steel & aluminum tariffs
the president announced yesterday that the us would immediately begin imposing a 25% tariff on steel and aluminum imported into the country.                                     (more...)
 



expert topic archive
2025/02 - brewery equipment – a comprehensive look at equipment for brewing and packaging2025/01 - beverage ingredients – exploring the latest in raw ingredients2024/12 - software – how to use technology to run your business more efficiently2024/11 - new ideas and products in the brewing industry2024/10 - professional services2024/09 - ingredients in brewing
view by subject
beyond beer
diversity, equity, and inclusion
front of house
operations
packaging
production
professional services
real estate
sales and marketing
software systems
sponsored content
sustainability


beverage industry news
business of beer
commentary
crisis response
distribution & retail
industry events
international
legislative & regulatory
major brand news
news from the breweries
packaging, bottling, and kegging
probrewer news
quarterly financial reports
specialty industry news







classified ads

latest ads
ads by category
search ads
post classified ad
manage your ads
about classified ads / help



jobs

newest job posts
newest for hire
help wanted
available for hire
jobs help



allied trade

search allied trade directory
your companies
submit new allied trade company



discussions

what's new
newest topics
all categories
- brewery operations
- beyond beer
- sales and marketing
- brewing process and theory
- craft brewing business
- general discussions
help with posting



more

events
tools
advertise
help
contact us


probrewergpt

login / register

login
register for an account








 search 



menu







 




probrewer profile




 login to probrewer
 register for probrewer


 



 










welcome to probrewer
probrewer is the industry resource serving all trades of the beverage business. within the pages of probrewer, you will find numerous tools and materials to assist you in your endeavors within the beverage business, from the technical side of production to sales and distribution - and everything in between. probrewer is dedicated to empowering the beverage industries through the dissemination of comprehensive, current and relevant information.










probrewer expert topic • volume 2025, issue 02
brewery equipment – a comprehensive look at equipment for brewing and packaging
this month’s expert topic explores best practices for buying, maintaining and fixing your brewery equipment.

 supported in part by craft kettle brewing equipment

read now »











 





news impact on craft brewers of new steel & aluminum tariffs                


posted february 11, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

the president announced yesterday that the us would immediately begin imposing a 25% tariff on steel and aluminum imported into the country. unlike the recent threat of tariffs on canada and mexico, which were largely seen as a negotiating tool and political postering, the tariff on steel and aluminum are expected to remain in effect indefinitely and will likely have a significant cost impact on alcohol beverage manufacturers.                (more...)






 



news georgia craft brewers promote state senate bill to end ban on self-distribution                


posted february 13, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

a bill has been introduced in the georgia state senate that would allow basic rights to small brewers that are already allowed in most states. senate bill 122 would allow small breweries to self-distribute a limited quantity of beer without requiring a wholesaler. it would also allow breweries to donate products to charitable events and eliminate daily limits on off-premises sales.                (more...)






 



news washington bill to lower bac heads to committee                


posted february 12, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

as if there aren’t already enough challenges for the alcohol beverage industry. a senate bill to lower the legal blood alcohol limit (bac) for operating a car or watercraft from 0.08 to 0.05 has been introduced in the washington state legislature and will head to a committee hearing on friday.                (more...)






 

 





news how weihenstephan selects beer for competition                


posted february 11, 2025 by john holl |  leave a comment 

what does it take to win at beer competitions around the world? for the bavarian state brewery weihenstephan, the world’s oldest brewery, it comes down to taste and quality. brewmaster tobias zollo, recently shared insight on what the brewery does to prepare for competitions around the world.                (more...)






 



news skagit valley malting to reopen under new ownership                


posted february 10, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

skagit valley malting, the small family-owned malting company that that closed its doors in june of 2023 plans to reopen under new ownership by may of this year.  the specialty craft maltster is located in the skagit valley about one hour north of seattle, wa.                (more...)






 



news falconer foundation offering two siebel institute scholarships                


posted february 7, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

in collaboration with the seibel institute of technology, the glen hay falconer foundation is offering two full tuition brewing education scholarships in 2025. each scholarship is a full tuition grant and comes with a travel/lodging stipend.                (more...)






 



news domestic beer shipments down 3.3% in 2024 – 5 million barrels less than 2023                


posted february 6, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

the beer institute published an its unofficial estimate of domestic tax paid shipments by beer brewers for december 2024 which showed a decline in shipments of 3.3% for the month versus december 2023. that puts shipments for the full year of 2024 3.3% lower than 2023.                (more...)






 



news tariff ping pong – how craft brewers can prepare                


posted february 5, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

on. then off. the game of tariff ping pong seems to be over – for now. but a tariff threat could re-emerge after the 30-day “pause,”and the implications for many brewers could be substantial.                (more...)






 

 





sponsored cleaning and maintenance tips for your brewery                


posted february 4, 2025 sponsored by glacier tanks 

it’s the perfect time to give your brewery a fresh start with some deep cleaning and proactive maintenance. a well-maintained brewery not only ensures the quality and consistency of your beer but also keeps your equipment running smoothly and extends its lifespan. here are some tips to help you kick off the year with a clean and efficient brewing space.
(more…)









recent classified ads






 



                7bbl direct fire brewhouse w/hlt and more ( $5,000 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 38 minutes agoin brewhouse or brewing systemsby chase michaud 


view ad »




 



                kothe 300l whiskey still for sale ( $34,900 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 2 hours agoin stillsby jc straub 


view ad »




 



                5bbl boil kettle ( $3,000 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 2 hours agoin boilers and heatingby lauren houston 


view ad »




 



                micromatic pro-max keg foam on beer detector “fob” ( $50 )                  

new  
                used product adposted 2 hours agoin other beverage dispensingby ryan flood 


view ad »




 



                bottle-matic 10″ label applicator *price reduced* ( $400 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 3 hours agoin bottling equipmentby steve randolph 


view ad »




 



                prospero 1900l oval tank ( $1,000 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 3 hours agoin brite and storage tanksby wyatt barger 


view ad »




 



                used jvnw 80bbl fvs (3) ( $7,000 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 4 hours agoin fermentersby bmoss 


view ad »




 



                1.5 bbl system ( $3,200 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 4 hours agoin nano brewing equipmentby brian bolger 


view ad »




 



                motivated to sell! temperature controllers (120v) and glycol solenoids (3/4″) ( $200 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 4 hours agoin miscellaneous equipmentby daniel ukolowicz 


view ad »




 



                g4 1/4bbl slim kegs $50 each ( $50 )                  

new hot  
                used product adposted 4 hours agoin kegs and kegging suppliesby daniel ukolowicz 


view ad »


 








view all 1254 classified ads »




 



news nbwa’s january beer purchasers’ index shows improvement for beer – still weak for craft                


posted february 4, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

off to a good start for the overall beer category. but craft beer continues to show signs of declining growth as the national beer wholesalers association (nbwa) released the beer purchasers’ index (bpi) for january 2025. the bpi for overall beer was 48 in january, up from 43 in january 2024 while craft beer was 26, down from 28 in january 2024.                (more...)






 



news famed toronado beer pub in san francisco listed for sale                


posted february 3, 2025 by tom mccormick |  1 comment on famed toronado beer pub in san francisco listed for sale 

known in the craft beer industry throughout the country, the iconic san francisco beer bar toronado has been listed for sale after a 38-year run by owner dave keene.                (more...)






 

 





expert topic best practices for your brewery equipment                


posted february 1, 2025 by john holl |  leave a comment 

to create and release beer on a commercial level these days takes more than just a brewer’s talent. the equipment used is instrumental to making sure the beer is made and packaged properly. world class beer does not need multi-million-dollar equipment. working within a budget to make the most of what you have has worked for brewers for a long time. but making sure the equipment meets your needs, is well maintained, and learning how to spot problems on the horizon can save a brewery time, money, and unneeded frustration.                (more...)






 



news big brewers continue diversification as molson coors buys into fever-tree mixers                


posted january 30, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

in another sign that global brewers are morphing into ‘beverage companies’ through diversification, molson coors beverage co. announced that it has acquired a minority stake in fever-tree.                (more...)






 



news family-owned sound beverage distributors in washington sells to anheuser-busch                


posted january 27, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

in a twist to recent trends, anheuser-busch (ab) announced that they are buying an independent, family-owned distribution house in bellingham, washington. sound beverage distributors covers whatcom, skagit, and island counties north of seattle. in addition to the ab portfolio, they carry several craft beer brands and specialty imports.                (more...)






 



news brewers association separates from american homebrewers association                


posted january 22, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

after 42 years under one roof, the brewers association (ba) and american homebrewers association (aha) are getting a divorce. it was announced today that the aha has filed for incorporation in the state of colorado as a step to becoming an independent 501(c) nonprofit organization.                (more...)






 



news american craft beer hall of fame to hold inaugural inductees                


posted january 21, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

the american craft beer hall of fame will hold its inaugural group of inductees, set to be revealed during a special livestream event on february 15, 2025, at 3:00 pm est. the hall of fame was recently formed to celebrate the trailblazers, innovators, and visionaries who have made significant contributions to the craft beer movement in the united states.                (more...)






 

 





expert topic the intrigue of infusion malts                


posted january 21, 2025 by john holl |  leave a comment 

consumers are always looking for new flavors in their beer and brewers are eager to bring innovation to their recipes. while much of the attention to new flavors has been focused on hop varieties and adjuncts, there have been other advancements in the brewing space.                (more...)






 



news ttb proposes mandatory disclosures of allergens and alcohol facts in labeling                


posted january 20, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

the alcohol and tobacco tax and trade bureau (ttb) has published two notices of proposed rulemaking (nprms) that would require the disclosure of allergen as well as alcohol facts information on labels of alcohol beverages. although the specifications were expected in some form, the proposed new requirements would be a major labelling change for alcohol beverages at a time when the industry is struggling with declining sales across all categories.                (more...)






 



news american cider association hires new executive director                


posted january 16, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

the american cider association (aca) has announced the appointment of monica cohen as its chief executive officer. she will succeed michelle mcgrath, who will be stepping down after nearly 8 years at the helm of the aca.                (more...)






 



news molson coors rejects jake and dick leinenkugel offer to buy chippewa falls brewery.                


posted january 15, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

molson coors has rejected an offer by jake and dick leinenkugel to buy the chippewa falls brewery. molson coors is closing the iconic brewery and moving production to their main brewery in milwaukee, yet declined the brothers offer to buy the brewery.                (more...)






 



news nationwide collective beer effort to support la fire victims                


posted january 14, 2025 by tom mccormick |  leave a comment 

common space brewery of hawthorne, ca has initiated a call for breweries nationwide to brew a beer called “we love la” with proceeds being directed to a selection of non-profits supporting the victims of the los angeles wildfires.                (more...)












      open side menu 



sidebar



promotedultra flowhigh quality draft dispense equipment – your partner in dispenseglacier tankslogic-based brewhouse design focused on ergonomics for the brewerblichmann engineeringsuperior engineering! unrivaled service!abm equipment  jinan cassman machinery co.,ltd.subscribe to probrewer daily




beverage industry pros read the pages of probrewer each day for equipment, news, and discussions, but not everyone has the time to do it daily. hit the ground running each day with an update on probrewer’s last 24 hours in your mailbox.



probrewer subscriptions 
 probrewer beverage industry daily
 probrewer weekly


view previous newsletters.



 





connect with @probrewerpage
 instagram - @probrewerpage
 linkedin - @probrewerpage
 facebook - @probrewerpage
 threads - @probrewerpage
 mastodon - @news@probrewer.com
 















join the probrewer mailing list




beverage industry pros read the pages of probrewer each day for equipment, news, and discussions, but not everyone has the time to do it daily. hit the ground running each day with an update on probrewer’s last 24 hours in your mailbox.



probrewer subscriptions 
 probrewer beverage industry daily
 probrewer weekly


view previous newsletters.



 





 


connect with @probrewerpage 
 instagram - @probrewerpage
 linkedin - @probrewerpage
 facebook - @probrewerpage
 threads - @probrewerpage
 mastodon - @news@probrewer.com


 


more links• beverage industry news
• brewing expert topic library
• beverage equipment classified ads
• beverage industry jobs
• beverage industry discussions
• advertise on probrewer
• contact probrewer
• need help? 







copyright © 2025 probrewer / real beer media • privacy policy • terms and conditions




to top
































































 










