













homepage | university of waterloo - cemc











      skip to main content
    





















main navigation


about us


about us overview


people


news and updates


contact us


support the cemc


careers




contests


contests overview


how contests work


contest supervisor portal


canadian computing competition


pascal, cayley and fermat contests 


past contests, solutions and results




tools & resources


tools and resources overview


resources by grade


problem of the week


problem of the month


courseware


problem set generator 




workshops & events


workshops and events overview


student workshops


cemc visits schools


educator development


summer courses




master's program






search


en
/fr





















search

























empowering young minds with mathematics and computer science 


discover the power of problem-solving through our range of math and computing resources, engaging contests, and interactive workshops created to unlock potential and foster confidence in math and computing. 


subscribe to problem of the week 























image
 








image
 








image
 

































image
 



mathematics and computing contests
arrow_forward




image
 



tools and resources
arrow_forward




image
 



workshops and events
arrow_forward



















inspiring youth since 1963 
with over 60 years of experience, the centre for education in mathematics and computing (cemc) is the largest outreach organization of its kind in canada. our mission is to increase interest, enjoyment, confidence, and ability in mathematics and computer science among learners and educators in canada and internationally. we work closely with the entire education community to empower students and support educators in creating a lasting impact in math and computing education.  





                            learn more about us
                          















cemc impact

our contests, programs, tools, and resources have a significant impact on students and educators worldwide.  






300 000
students





85+
countries





16
contests











 the [cemc's] mathematics contests truly foster the development of critical personality traits such as resilience, adaptability, persistence, and strategy-based thought. from our perspective, what a wonderful and unique way to prepare young minds for both the rigours of post-secondary studies and the unpredictable challenges faced in everyday life! 

                                          educator from british columbia, canada
            




















internationally recognized mathematics and computing contests 
 the cemc contests are designed by teams of expert mathematicians, computer scientists, and educators for students in grades 5 to 12, and are a great fit for students across a range of abilities—from learners who want to explore math and computer science and develop their confidence to advanced students who want to stretch their limits. 





                            explore contests
                          





                            how contests work
                          




















explore tools and resources, contests and workshops organized by grade 

in the sections below, you will find cemc contests, workshops and our free, online tools and resources, organized by grade levels, to help you find the appropriate resource for your student. 









grade 3/4
arrow_forward











grade 5/6
arrow_forward











grade 7/8
arrow_forward











grade 9/10
arrow_forward











grade 11/12
arrow_forward










explore tools  & resources
arrow_forward






















image
 




 
the university of waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the neutral, anishinaabeg, and haudenosaunee peoples. our main campus is situated on the haldimand tract, the land granted to the six nations that includes six miles on each side of the grand river. our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within the office of indigenous relations.





footer menu


contact us 






subscribe to our newsletter
join our newsletter to stay up to date on features and releases.














by subscribing you agree to with our privacy policy and provide consent to receive updates from cemc.









© 2025 cemc university of waterloo. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
terms of service



























