   hill country alliance | protecting natural resources in the hill country         subscribe | donate | shop | endowment | careers | contact
aboutmission and principlesstaffhca board of directorspartnershistorytestimonialscontact usour workequity, diversity, and inclusiontexas hill country conservation networknatural infrastructure planstate of the hill countryland stewardship and conservationcamp bullis sentinel landscape partnershipland conservation and stewardshipconservation easementsriparian managementnative landscapespublic landshabitat conservation planswildlifelandowner allianceslocal, sustainable agriculturepedernales river basinwater resourcesdroughtwater quality and its threatsone water in the texas hill countrypristine streamsgroundwater resourceswater conservationrainwater harvestingriparian managementwater planningwater catchment areas (watersheds)night skiesnight sky fundlight pollution and why it mattersnight sky friendly lightingget involved with night skies preservationnight sky projects and mappingordinances, resolutions, and designationshill country night sky monthhill country eclipse portalcommunitieshill country leadership instituteleading in the rural hill countrycommunity resilienceplanning and developmentlow impact and sustainable developmentcounty authorityregional planningecosystem servicesspecial districts – muds and wcidstransportation planningchallengesaggregate miningbillboardsoil and gas pipelinestransmission lines & wind farmslegislature and regulationchildren in naturenewsrecent newshca press releasesnewsletternewsletter archiveseventsevents calendarhill country eclipse portalhca leadership summithill country night sky monthhill country photo contestspring water revivaltexas water symposiumresourcesnight sky fundleading by example guidebookcounty tools for managing growthone water guidebookhca issue papersvideosmapshill country gis viewergive backsky lewey river protection fund




the mission of the hill country alliance is to bring together a diverse coalition of partners to preserve the open spaces, starry night skies, clean and abundant waters, and unique character of the texas hill country.
join uscommunity resilienceas our region reacts to ongoing challenges, the hill country alliance is working to keep you connected.
click here for relevant hill country news and resourcesour work
landthe texas hill country region covers over 11 million acres in 17 counties of mostly privately held land.
learn more
waterthirteen texas rivers begin in the hill country and provide water for millions of downstream neighbors.
learn more
night skythe hill country sits on the edge of night and as development pushes westward, we are losing our view of the night sky.
learn more
community90% of hill country lands are in unincorporated areas where there is little authority to plan for growth.
learn more
collaborationhca serves as the backbone organization and fiscal sponsor of the texas hill country conservation network.
learn morelatest news

texas hill country property to be pristine sanctuary with limited access							conservation has won after a pristine 32-acre parcel in the texas hill country was donated to the cibolo center for conservation. instead of turning into a possible housing development, the property will become a sanctuary that will have limited access to the public...read more

texas lawmaker files bill to reduce “forever chemicals” in sewage-based fertilizer							johnson county’s newest state representative, helen kerwin, r-cleburne, filed her first bill friday targeting an environmental problem that has struck her county: pfas contamination in sewage sludge-based fertilizers. kerwin said house bill 1674, could reduce the...read more

texas regulators report more than 250 new cases of groundwater contamination							texas agencies reported 252 new cases of groundwater contamination during 2023 in the texas groundwater protection committee annual report. the latest report compiles 2,870 open cases of groundwater contamination, some of which date back decades. nearly every county...read more

austin has little to no ‘forever chemicals’ in its drinking water. what did the city do right?							new testing results show austin has little to no traces of forever chemicals in its drinking water. exposure to these chemicals, also known as per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances or pfas, have been linked to prostate and kidney cancers, thyroid conditions, decreased...read more

comal county officials, other hill country leaders discuss solutions for groundwater management							the hill country alliance, a nonprofit organization based out of dripping springs, brought the diverse coalition together in an effort to preserve the natural resources the texas hill country has to offer. the group discussed critical issues related to sustainable...read more

environmentalists raise concerns about 1,100-home hill country project							a proposed 1,100-home development in the hill country has residents and environmental groups raising questions about the project's potential impact on the local water supply and the environment. miami-based developer lennar corporation filed a permit application with...read more

city of boerne co-sponsors one water conference, emphasizes sustainable water management							the conference underscored the importance of regional collaboration in water management and highlighted the city’s dedication to sustainable water management. “effective water management isn’t just about what’s happening in one city; it’s about creating resilient...read more« older entrieshca issueslandwaternight skycommunitiescollaborationabout hcaour collaborative strategy:
learn moreact nowshop the hca storehca resourcesreports:
one water in the texas hill country:
connecting communities with projects and professionalssocial media
hill country alliancethe hill country alliance is a non-profit organization whose purpose is to raise public awareness and build community support around the need to preserve the natural resources and heritage of the central texas hill country.




valentine's love for our program areas






support the hill country alliance - 2024 year-end giving






the impact of local engagement






there's a grant for that webinar with texas rural funders






tools to manage growth: two new resources for local leaders






latino outdoors: celebrando crecimiento in texas






environmental economics and empowering the next generation






texans for responsible aggregate mining: building a statewide coalition –






when life gives you drought: innovations for a better water future






stewarding small acreage in the hill country






private dams - understanding the permitting process






hill country at the crossroads of the eclipses




load more...



 
subscribe to youtube            





hillcountryalliance


earlier this week, the leading in the rural hill c


 


have you heard? it's contest time! our friends at 


 


last week, we shared a call to action regarding ag


 


have you ever wondered what night sky lighting don


 


over the past few years, the hill country has expe



it's not too late to rsvp for this webinar happeni


 


video spotlight on two resources for hill country 



amplifying the call to action from @tramtexas - se


 


have you ever thought about stepping up in your co



cedar fever on your mind? learn more about the tre



extra extra 🗞 - we've got some major night sky 



have you heard? our friends at @the watershed asso


 


comal county friends - join our friends at @comalc



with life as busy as it usually is - emails to ans



contest news! every year, the hill country allianc


 


have you heard? hca is hiring a texas hill country



in case it's not too late... happy new year! as we



less than 24 hours left to support the hill countr



video spotlight on this recording from the 2023 hi



as we celebrate today with our families, we're sha


 

load more






 follow on instagram




this message is only visible to admins.
problem displaying facebook posts.					click to show error  
error: no posts available for this facebook id“everything we do on the land is eventually reflected in a river. that’s why it’s so important to think about the whole landscape, how big and little pieces fit together.” -sky lewey
donatefollow ustwitterfacebookinstagramyoutubeissuesequity, diversity, and inclusionwater resourcesland stewardship and conservationnight skieslegislature and regulationplanning and developmentscenic beautyresourcesacronymshill country viewvideosmapsstudies & issue paperspresentationsparent & teacher resourcesrecommended bookspoemsinitiatives around the countrypublic office linksabout hcacontact usabout hcamission and principleshistoryhca board of directorsstaffpartnerstestimonialsshare your visionterms of usenews & eventsrecent newshca press releasessubscribe to the hca newsletterguest editorialsupcoming eventstexas water symposiumsupport hcasubscribedonateshopendowmentcopyright © 2024 hill country alliance. all rights reserved.               



