warwick ny & vernon nj events, entertainment & more!          
skip to contentcall: 845-258-0272|peter@warwickinfo.netget your business listedemergency: 911 or 845-986-5000mental health txt: 988




home | warwick ny vernon njcommuter infoshop warwick ny–vernon nj shop by categoryevents calendar & top things to do & local newscommunity & gov. info community groupstown of warwickvillage of florida nyvillage of greenwood lakevillage of warwickhamlet of pine island nyhamlet of sugar loaf nyvernon nj townshipweather & school infocontact usfarm markets, farms, farm fresh foods warwick ny vernon nj
search for:


home | warwick ny vernon njcommuter infoshop warwick ny–vernon nj shop by categoryevents calendar & top things to do & local newscommunity & gov. info community groupstown of warwickvillage of florida nyvillage of greenwood lakevillage of warwickhamlet of pine island nyhamlet of sugar loaf nyvernon nj townshipweather & school infocontact usfarm markets, farms, farm fresh foods warwick ny vernon nj
search for:



home | warwick ny vernon njbizdata2025-02-17t17:17:39-05:00newstree damage?call sal at https://www.timberwolftree.net/ 845-986-treeclick for events, entertainment, and restaurantswarwick eventswarwick arts & entertainmentwarwick restaurantswarwick shoppingwarwick farmers marketswarwick spas, salons & reikiwarwick healthcarewarwick breweries & ciderieswarwick schools & organizationswarwick commuter infowarwick houses of worshipwarwick historywarwick lodgingwarwick parks & recreationwarwick landscapingchris pawelski almost ran out of time. as a 4th-generation onion farmer on the post-glacial black dirt of goshen, ny, chris is just one of millions of farmers in america facing the unnecessarily sisyphean task of earning a living. “muckville” follows the story of chris’s family farm through time, from the ‘polish wave’ of the early 20th century, through the onset of climate change-driven crop failures in the 1990s and subsequent pitfalls of us agriculture policy, and chris’s resulting existential crisis. this short documentary provides rare insight into the ongoing mental health epidemic on american farms, and paints a delicate and emotional portrait of resilience and love amid unbeatable odds.find it!
in the warwick valley!a spectacular restoration of an historical landmark, hathorn house, built in 1773. rebuilt and restored to its original splendor, using historically accurate wallpaper and other traditional accessories, and renamed the old stone house inn & restaurant, fall 2021. open for lunch and dinner, wednesday-sunday.the original stone house was built in 1773 by john hathorn and his wife elizabeth welling hathorn. their initials are set in brick in the roof gable wall. he was colonel of the 4th orange county militia during the revolutionary war, and a founding father of new york state and the nation. he served on the first ny legislature and the 1st and 4th congresses of the united states.in 1834 the farm was purchased by ezra sanford, jr., a veteran of the war of 1812. his son pierson ezra sanford created an innovative and successful dairy business here. the sanfords enlarged the house.in 1926 wilfred l. raynor, sr. purchased and continued farming. the raynors placed the property on the national register of historic places in 2001. they owned for 85 years.domar homestead llc bought the property in 2009, reselling to the raynors in 2013.by 2016, the house was deteriorating and endangered. in that year arek kwapinski and sylwia kubasiak rescued this historic landmark. over the next five years at great cost and hard work fixed and updated it to become the old stone house restaurant in 2021.the best places to enjoy bourbon in warwick?
the last whiskey bar (experienced and talented bartenders)
the old stonehouse inn and restaurant (experienced and talented bartenders)
pecks wine & spirits (extensive selection of bourbon)
pine island wine & liquors (extensive selection of bourbon)what is bourbon?according to us trade legislation, “bourbon” is a type of whiskey where the “mashbill”—the recipe of grains used to produce the whiskey—consists of 51% – 80% corn. typically, distillers use approximately 70% corn content and can choose other grains for the remainder of the mashbill. the type of grain used will affect the style and flavors of the whiskey.there are specific guidelines that distillers must follow to put the word bourbon on the label.the process – most bourbon starts with sour mash. it is taken from a previous batch of mash (crushed grain going through the fermentation process), set out to sour overnight, and then added to a new batch. the process is much like that of starting a sourdough bread.
the recipe – bourbon is distilled from a fermented mash of grain, yeast and water. the “mash bill” must have a minimum of 51% corn. for most bourbons, the average is about 70%. other grains such as rye, malted barley, and wheat are considered “flavor” grains.
length of aging – bourbon must be aged for at least two years. many premium bourbons on the market are aged between 5 and 12, with some as long as 27 years.
the barrel – bourbon must be aged in brand-new barrels made of white oak and charred on the inside. brands determine the varying char levels for their barrels from 1 to 4.
flavor – by law, nothing can be added at bottling except water. nothing is added that might enhance flavor, add sweetness or alter color.
proof – bourbon is bottled at between 80 and 125 proof. only water may be used to lower the proof of the alcohol.
location – bourbon can be made anywhere in the us. only whiskey produced in the state of kentucky can be called labeled kentucky straight whiskey.source: bourboncountry.comwarwick and vernon valleys – at a glance . . .warwick ny & vernon njwarwick ny (pop. 32,027  township of warwick, according to the 2020 us census) is the second largest township in new york state and has a total area of 104.9 square miles, of which, 101.7 square miles is land and 3.2 square miles (3.04%) is water. it includes three unique villages (florida, greenwood lake, and warwick) and eight hamlets (including amity, bellvale, edenville, greenwood forest farms, little york, new milford, pine island, and sterling forest). greenwood lake nine miles long and the largest lake in orange county, ny, straddles the new york/new jersey border. glenmere lake, an extremely critical habitat for endangered species forms the border between the town of chester and village of florida.the appalachian trail runs from springer mountain in georgia to mount katahdin in maine, a distance of about 2,160 miles. in the new york-new jersey region, however, it courses through vernon and warwick ny where it includes some of the most famous sections, like the “stairway to heaven,” the “boardwalk,” and the magnificent view of the valley from bellvale creamery, atop mt. peter. both warwick and vernon have been recognized as official appalachian trail communities, which recognizes communities that promote and protect the appalachian trail (a.t.), and those along the a.t.’s corridor are considered assets by all that use the a.t. and many of these towns act as good friends and neighbors to the trail.warwick ny & vernon nj“the beautiful warwick valley,” according to nj skylands, “is a destination renowned for its victorian charm, sense of community, sophisticated culture, and distinctly rural character.  just 55 miles from new york city, warwick ny and its new jersey neighbor vernon township, once a tiny village tucked in a crease at the base of a ripple of mountains, has, for decades, defined itself as a four-season resort destination.”pine island and florida’s fertile black dirt region produce about five percent of the nation’s onion crop as well as organic vegetables, sod, and flower crops. residents and visitors alike enjoy fresh local produce in full bloom from may through november at the warwick valley farmers’ market, the florida’s farmers market, and the lakeside farmers market in greenwood lake. warwick’s natural beauty extends beyond its farmland to mountains, streams, and lakes throughout the hudson valley. warwick’s agricultural richness and talented, local nursery owners and gardeners collaborated to compete (and win) in the america in bloom community competition, and later, became a communities in bloom international winner!there are exciting events, fairs and festivals in warwick (the hudson valley jazz festival in summer, pine island’s black dirt feast in august,  applefest and oktoberfest in the fall, and holiday festival in greenwood lake in february), all attract tens of thousands of visitors annually to the warwick valley, as do its splendid horse trails, orchards, wineries, and distilleries.
copyright 2004-2025 peter lyons hall llc   |  all rights reserved  |  web integration by  peter lyons hall  |facebookrssxyoutubeinstagrampinterestdribbble
page load link                                               
x

this site is protected by shield security →
  

go to top