














department of mathematics – university of wisconsin – madison – uw–madison
















































skip to main content




university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of mathematics

university of wisconsin – madison




search






menu
open menu


close





about
expand


collapse



key contacts
employment
visiting the math department
meeting agendas
department history
administration
math wiki
math intranet


undergraduate education
expand


collapse



math course schedule
placement & enrollment
major & certificate programs
special student education
summer term


graduate education
expand


collapse



phd program
ma-fr program
ma-fas program
visp/ma program
math minor for non-math phd students


people
expand


collapse



math faculty
postdoctoral staff
academic staff
administrative staff
graduate students
emeriti
honorary fellows
listserves


research
expand


collapse



research areas
research for students
conducting mathematical research
research training groups
research visitors
seminars
special lectures
madison experimental mathematics lab (mxm)


resources
expand


collapse



math learning center
latex


outreach
expand


collapse



directed reading program
math club
experts database
math circles
mega math meet
private tutors
talent search
girls’ math night
putnam club
gmmaw


alumni resources
expand


collapse



alumni
create your math alumni record
update your alumni record
newsletters
giving


 



alumni
directory
wiscmail
my wisc edu
math library
useful links
 











 




welcome to uw department of mathematics
we are devoted to research and teaching, and want to spread our excitement about mathematics to the rest of the world.
as a diverse group, the mathematics department strives to foster an open and supportive community.  to learn more about our climate and diversity efforts…click here.

 



got questions?
undergraduate students interested in more information about math courses, placement, the math major and certificate should consult the appropriate sections of this page.
course concerns?
if you’d like to talk to someone about the teaching of your math course or appeal a grading decision, check out this page.

 
 
 
 


math news and events


eventsfebruaryfebruary 18graduate number theory seminarjoey yu luo - jacquet-rallis fundamental lemma2:30 pm, b219 van vleck hallfebruary 18relative trace formula seminarjiaqi hou - hecke and rankin-selberg periods.3:30 pm, b215 van vleck hallfebruary 18daily tea3:30 pm, 911 van vleck hallfebruary 18graduate geometric analysis reading seminarzihan zhang - monotonicity of almgren's frequency and applications to the nodal set estimates4:00 pm, b123 van vleck hallfebruary 18graduate applied math seminarcarsen grote - singularity solutions for particles in stokes flow4:00 pm, b223 van vleck hallmore events 
more

 

newsjoshua mundinger awarded nsf postdoctoral fellowshipjoshua mundinger, one of our van vleck postdocs, was awarded a national science foundation postdoctoral fellowship. for more information about nsf postdoc fellowships: https://www.nsf.gov/funding/postdocsfebruary 14, 2025mihaela ifrim and hao shen named vilas associatesmihaela ifrim and hao shen received the prestigious vilas associates award. the vilas associates competition recognizes new and ongoing research of the highest quality and significance. recipients are chosen competitively by the divisional research committees …february 14, 2025maurice fabien awarded mgb-siam early career fellowshipmaurice fabien was awarded the mgb-siam early career fellowship.  these awards are given to accomplished early career professionals who were chosen based on their achievements; active support of diversity, equity, and inclusion in their communities; and …february 12, 2025mihaela ifrim awarded the presidential early career award for scientists and engineers (pecase)through her work with the nsf, mihaela ifrim has been awarded a prestigious presidential early career award for scientists and engineers (pecase).   established by president clinton in 1996, pecase recognizes scientists and engineers who show exceptional …january 28, 2025in memoriam:  gen novara, former department administratorgen novara, former department administrator of the math department (1977 to 2004), died recently.  she is remembered as a kind and valued member of the department by many faculty, staff and students over the years. …october 21, 2024more news 
more

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact usdepartment of mathematics
480 lincoln drive
213 van vleck hall
madison, wi  53706
email: mathfrontdesk@math.wisc.edu
phone: 608-263-3053

facebook


x twitter


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@math.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











