










king's way christian schools | private school in vancouver, wa








































































 






















facebook




twitter




instagram


login
calendars
  support kwcs
 













menuwhy king’s waysupport kwcsways to givegive onlinegive by checkemployer matchqcd / rmdbusiness sponsorshipsbusiness sponsors directorytransfer securitiesupcoming eventsauctionking’s way classic golf tournamentdiscover king’s wayhistory & missionwhat we believeleadership & staffcampus lifeactivitiesclubsleadershiptechnologyspritual growthathleticsfood courtchanged livessafety & securityemploymentcontactadmissions12 mo–prek admissionsk–12 admissionsbefore and after carevariable tuitiontransfer studentsinternational student programacademicslearning centerelementary schoolmiddle schoolhigh schoolcollege & career preppathwaysrunning startcollege credits, ap courses, & dual enrollmentthe online academycascadia techartsartbandchoirdancedramaelementary musicchapel worshipathleticsknights athletics hub buy ticketsfallboys footballboys golfcross countrygirls volleyballgirls soccercheerleadingwinterboys basketballboys wrestlinggirls basketballspringboys baseballboys soccertrack & fieldgirls softballgirls golfget involvedspirit store




select page


  
 
 
















taking students from #newtoknown






now enrolling 2024-2025








king’s way is a place where your child will 		


discover
discern


		
 god’s will for their lives.










learning center
12 months – prek








elementary school 
k – 5th








middle school
6th – 8th








high school
9th – 12th










we are a private, christian school dedicated to serving students from

12 months – 12th grade

located in vancouver, wa










the king’s way family

is your child bringing home concepts from their current school that are making you uneasy? king’s way is a safe campus for students to focus and thrive as the unique person that god made them to be. king’s way partners with families to provide a christ-centered education for the whole child leading to life change in each student.

learn more


































established










total school enrollment









%
attend higher education after graduation










college transfer credits offered







 events






kindergarten preview night jan. 23, 2025

dec 17, 2024 | events, newsit is time to start thinking about the 2024/2025 school year! if you have a student entering kindergarten or 1st grade in the upcoming school year, we encourage you to join us for our kindergarten/1st grade preview night on tuesday, january 23rd.




high school preview night oct. 10, 2024

sep 26, 2024 | events, newsit is time to start thinking about the 2024/2025 school year! if you have a student entering kindergarten or 1st grade in the upcoming school year, we encourage you to join us for our kindergarten/1st grade preview night on tuesday, january 23rd.




kindergarten and 1st grade preview night jan. 23, 2024

dec 14, 2023 | events, newsit is time to start thinking about the 2024/2025 school year! if you have a student entering kindergarten or 1st grade in the upcoming school year, we encourage you to join us for our kindergarten/1st grade preview night on tuesday, january 23rd.



« older entries










what our families are saying






    
my son has been part of the king’s way family since he was 3. when we first toured the learning center, one of the remarks was how they love the kids like they are their own. fast forward 5 years later and i can tell you without a doubt that my son is loved day in and day out.
i’m a worrier. i always have been. however, i never worry anymore when i drop my son off for school. i know that he is loved and that he is safe.  read more
angela wolf, facebook








    
this is the 2nd year my kids have attended king’s way and it has been the most amazing school experience we have ever had. the teachers do more than care about academics and test scores, the truly love their students. 
my husband is going through cancer and we have been blown away time after time of how the staff and students support us. we have been impressed by the family feeling we get from the teachers as well as other parents. my kids have an amazing community of christian friends surrounding them and walking beside them during this hardest time of their lives.  read more
michelle rommel bader, facebook








    
attending a school that is not too big and not too small can provide amazing opportunities for students…which is exactly what we found at king’s way. my kids went there from k-12 and we are so grateful for the part that kw played in their lives! they had the chance to help lead worship music at chapels, participate on many sports teams, learn how to be leaders and to hear about god on a daily basis. their level of academics (regular and advanced) and the caring teachers prepared my sons well for college and beyond. we are forever thankful for kw and highly recommend it!
parent, niche.com








    
we have had 3 daughters attend king’s way- our youngest has been here since preschool and is now a junior in high school. i love that my children have had the privilege of having very attentive teachers that know my children well and have challenged them over the years to be the best version of themselves academically and spiritually.
while attending king’s way, our girls have been able to participate in a variety of activities such as athletics, choir, student leadership, and service opportunities including missions trips to various parts of the world. read more
tania hutchin (current 2nd grade teacher), facebook








    
we moved to washington this past july. my wife and i were concerned about whether or not my children would be loved and accepted by the king’s way community. praise the lord the families at king’s way embraced our family and made us feel a part of the community immediately. king’s way is a special school in vancouver, washington. if you enjoy a safe, friendly environment, king’s way christian school is an excellent place for your family.
parent, niche.com








    
we are so blessed to send our 3 boys to king’s way christian school. the school, the teachers, and the curriculum combine to create a learning environment where character is taught, modeled, and encouraged. over the last few years, we have watched our boys grow and develop into young men who truly care about others, are developing a love for the lord, and are receiving an excellent education at the same time. if you are searching for a safe, faith-based education for your children, we highly recommend king’s way christian school.
parent, greatschools.com








    
my family has been a part of king’s way for five years. the teachers at both the learning center and elementary school have provided everything we hoped for and more in an education. these incredible people care about growing my daughter’s academic skills, but also care deeply about her character as a classmate and friend as well as her relationship with god. they truly provide the “whole child” experience in a way that goes above and beyond. we are grateful to be a part of this amazing community.
barb lauerman andrews, facebook








    
all 4 of our boys attend king’s way. we truly appreciate its safe environment, and that their faith is not hindered but encouraged to flourish and grow. the manageable classroom sizes are a huge benefit as well. for us, it’s worth every penny to have our boys at king’s way.
tim sweeney, facebook












graduates: the journey continues

from here… anywhere! king’s way graduates attend some of the more prestigious colleges and universities, including 118 colleges in 32 states, canada, sweden, and the united kingdom.









 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 













schedule a tour
see the king’s way difference for yourself
get to know us in person: please fill out this short form and we’ll get in touch with you to schedule a tour for you and your family.

inquiry form





 













followfollowfollowfollow



king’s way christian schools

3606 ne 78th street, vancouver, wa 98665


 (360) 574-1613
(360) 573-5895
admissions@kwcs.org






king’s way christian schools admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. it does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admission policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.










admissions
athletics
changed lives
schedule a tour
employment












 




© 2025 copyright king's way christian schools | site by 620 studio | email webmaster





 






			close			



























































