







home page












































browser not compatible.














products



commercial boilers

water heaters

commercial heat pumps

pool heaters

storage tanks





heatnet

literature

training

how to buy

contact


rep login 




 



















































rbi boilers water heaters heat pumps heat exchangers
rbi offers the most complete line of boilers and water heaters available today and provides packaged solutions to fit virtually every specification from light commercial to industrial sizes.
models are available in non-condensing, near condensing and full condensing ranging from 100,000 to 10,000,000 btu/h.
all of rbi’s ultra-high efficiency equipment use a sophisticated but easy-to-use heatnet 3.0 control platform capable of communicating with up to 16 units. heatnet 3.0 also works in concert with third-party building management systems across all of today’s protocols including modbus, bacnet and lonworks.





















have questions?
contact a sales representative





rep locator














at its core, heatnet 3.0 provides consistency and feedback through digital communication. 
            through continuous monitoring of several system characteristics, such as boiler temperatures, limit circuit inputs and overall 
            system demands, heatnet 3.0 modulates boiler-firing rates to maximize turndown ratios and maintain peak efficiency – regardless of the load.










flexcore








learn from the best











learn how to maximize the performance of your rbi boiler and hot water system from the 
            most experienced instructors in the industry. the reed institute provides hands-on training and live
            demonstrations for an array of hvac applications – at no cost to you.











the reed institute website



























about us

                            rbi offers one of the most complete lines of boilers and water heaters available today.
                            known for its high quality, wide array of options for maximum application flexibility,
                            rbi provides today’s engineers packaged solutions to fit virtually every specification.
                        


sitemap



commercial boilers
hot water heaters
commercial heat pumps
storage tanks
pool heaters
rep map
contact us





contact info


260 north elm st. westfield, ma 01085


833-265-5371

















mestek, inc.  © copyright 2025. all rights reserved.
                

                     | 
                

purchase terms
                     | 
                    terms & conditions
                     | 
                    terms of use







×
 







contact a sales representative 










































