



	
	integrated enterprise system office - home


















































you may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. please enable scripts and reload this page.





































turn on more accessible mode


turn off more accessible mode


skip ribbon commands


skip to main content


turn off animations


turn on animations































































integrated enterprise system officecurrently selected






	
	  integrated enterprise system office
	
  


 















it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.
















recent
















		home
	






​​​​ ​​​​welcome to integrated enterprise ​​system (ies)​ 
   commonwealth employees, please select the log in button below for additional access.
log innew work requests - strategic pause​​​effective january 13, 2025, ieso will pause accepting new work requests for the existing sap system.  this strategic pause is designed to stabilize our existing code base as we transition to s/4hana and success factors.  during this period, the staff will continue to maintain the existing system, support critical changes (i.e., legal, contractual, legislative, etc.), and will shift the focus towards development and testing in the new environments.we recognize there will be a limited number of business-critical changes that will be required prior to the s/4hana launch.  to address this, we will continue to follow the existing change process to have critical changes reviewed and evaluated.  any critical or emergency changes to ecc will be carefully documented and integrated into the design documents to ensure that all vital needs are met.we are excited to continue working together to achieve the full potential of s/4hana and success factors software, to build a brighter, more dynamic future for the commonwealth!​announcing the start of the explore phase of the re-imaginepa projectdecember 2024: 
      ​ we are excited to announce we have started the explore phase of the re-imaginepa journey to transform government business processes and upgrade our on-premise sap systems to the cloud. come back for frequent updates.​​what is re-imaginepa?  a transformative modernization project focused on migrating to sap’s s/4hana system​the vision of re-imaginepa is to replace the existing sap erp software which is over 20 years old; the functionality is outdated and, in some cases, will no longer be supported (i.e., the sap erp ecc software will be sunset in fy 2026/2027).  our project objectives are to: 
      maintain secure data and privacyprovide real time data to enhance decision making increase efficiencies to reduce the amount of time needed to provide services to commonwealth constituents and agenciesre-imaginepa is a collaborative effort driven by business process owners (bpos) from the department of general services, executive offices - office of the budget (comptroller operations, budget operations), executive offices - office of administration (human resources), and the ​pennsylvania department of transportation. the integrated enterprise system office (ieso) provides technical oversight and project support, while sap provides direction related to s/4hana and system integration.the re-imaginepa explore phase successfully kicked off on november 18, 2024; a joint effort between the bpos, ieso, and sap.currently, explore workshops are in full swing. led by sap workstream experts, bpos are identifying business process changes and making decisions about the future state of their sap s/4hana system, with ieso continuing to provide technical oversight.re-imaginepa has a targeted deployment in late 2026/early 2027. stay tuned for future updates as re-imaginepa continues to move forward.​earlier announcements​​​updated version of sap analysis for microsoft officean updated version of analysis for office (ao) software is available as of march 24, 2024, and should be installed on user pcs on or before june 3, 2024.it delivery center or agency desktop/client support teams should complete the installation of the software on or before june 3, 2024.please see sap analysis for microsoft office for more information, including installation instructions and end user procedures, training, and frequently asked questions (faqs).​sap gui for windows, release 8, patch 2​the integrated enterprise system office (ieso) made sap gui 8, patch 2, available on july 24, 2023.agencies using previous releases of the sap gui should upgrade to release 8, patch 2, as soon as possible to ensure users can continue to use single sign-on (sso) after october 8, 2023.earlier releases and patch levels will not be supported after october 8, 2023.
learn more about sap gui 8, patch 2.
the full installation package and installation instructions for sap gui 8, patch 2, are available on the sap gui page.​​​notice ​- business warehouse post-support package issuefollowing the application of support packages to the business warehouse (bw) system on september 12, 2020, the goto functionality from analysis for office (which allows users to jump from a document in bw to the transaction in r/3) returns an error message: "no web server maintained for the presentation​​ of log. system pc1clnt110" and "jump target cannot be executed".a workaround is available for this issue: ao enable goto jump workaround (2/29/2024)questions: please contact the bw team at ra-imaginepabwsupport@pa.gov



users

availability calendar
ess/srm finance user
business user

supplier self service

sap support packages


contact us

technical information
about

the integrated enterprise system (ies) is the enterprise resource planning (erp) system of the commonwealth of pennsylvania.
learn more 
      about ies 
additional
​
      ies engagement

business process owners

ies only

finance
 
true,false,3


























