




julia_here's journal






































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































julia_here
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














julia_here







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







julia_here's journal 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
julia_here's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

sunday, august 12th, 20189:33 pm
better late than never? hey! i'm alive. things are weird.but, you know, i'm going to worldcon. am i the only one? are any of you going to be there? is life that full of possibility?julia, life, man, it just keeps on living. 
(18 comments |comment on this)sunday, december 24th, 201710:42 pm
life, man... it's complicated, what can i say i haven't been ignoring lj so much as finding it hard to come here and think about how to consolidate and communicate the small ways i've been overwhelmed by my immediate reality for this past six months. also, i'm at a loss as to how to upload photos here, and when words come hard photos always work.nothing else utterly tragic has happened, except for the apparent crumbling of my son's marriage and his return to the se bedroom in my cluttered residence, with the bonus of having my toddler grandson walt here for dinner three or four nights a week, two of which follow whole days of him being here. he is as dear, sweet, charming and handsome as a blue-eyed ginger 19 month old can be, and he deserves less damaged adults than the hand he's been dealt.i wish i could show you a picture.this evening he and i got way too much time to work on communicating our mutual needs and expectations when his dad's car slid off my fucking impossible driveway a little in the utterly unnecessary snow which fell today. i think we did ok- we ended up looking through photos on facebook of my first-cousin-once-removed's visit to japan so his little girls' grandparents could spend time with them, and talking about how the littlest one, who is from february to may older than walter, was someone he would see for a long time, and also how, when he has a bad cold in november, so did she, and she got so sick she had to get a nebulizer with a dragon face on it so it didn't hurt to breathe, but that now she was well and could get in a big airplane and fly across the ocean to japan. i have a christmas tree up, and lights outside, and lots of presents for walt although i've sort of failed here and there on other people. merry christmas to you all, happy new years, let us all persist in making our lives and our arts and our being as perfect as we can stand.julia, with love and nostalgia for when this came easily. 
(15 comments |comment on this)friday, june 9th, 20178:47 pm
reality strikes again hey!i spent three days in the hospital this week due to severe (as in: was transfused with four bags of blood) anemia.  i've had more fun. atypical colon ulcerations, bleeding so slowly standard fecal tests don't show blood. gross. but hey! again: at least i now have an answer to the old, old question "have you ever been told you have a heart murmur?" one of the large number of doctors i saw ordered up an echocardiogram, and i have a heart murmur.at least my bone-crushing fatigue of late is not merely getting old.julia, oh, well 
(14 comments |comment on this)friday, december 23rd, 201611:02 am
oh, bother i was going to post last night, i had the time, and someone else had done the hardest work so i could brain.lj had other things scheduled.2016, man, 2016. it's got walt, of course, and a whole slew of friends' grandsons to boot, and the public radio station i depend on for my jazz and local news maintenance doses managed to buy its own license and run a successful capital campaign and for that i am most grateful. there's something else i remembered yesterday, but that was yesterday.the tarp is still keeping rain on the outside of the house, that's good?merry christmas, happy new year, i'll post the calendar sometime before 2017.julia, and now there's an alarm going off, time to take my insulin. 
(9 comments |comment on this)friday, may 27th, 201611:00 am
last weekend, at my house ( collapse )so, cute, aren't we?julia, and now for another day of doing as much as i can, which is not as much as needs done. 
(12 comments |comment on this)sunday, may 8th, 20167:01 pm
hello, or what i did between 4am and 4:15am this morning i finished ancillary sword, and became a grandmother!samuel, his wife annie (after a 32 hour induced labor and six hours of pushing), annie's mom susan (a nurse)and a slice of her dad chuck.anna, ex miss perfect, now mrs. h, holds her nephew walter charles, all 20inches and 9lbs 2 oz of him, and sorry for not doing the conversion to international units but i got essentially zero sleep in the past thirty-odd hours and i cannot math.julia, i wonder if comments will work, or anything at all. 
(38 comments |comment on this)sunday, february 14th, 20163:45 pm
well, i'm still a big enough sucker to have a lj paid account but i still don't have sufficient time to update, sorry. 
(6 comments |comment on this)tuesday, january 26th, 20162:30 pm
i'm back! of course it's hard to tell when i am away, really.franklin got me a new imac for christmas/anniversary/valentines/easter/birthday and then spent last weekend struggling to get it to hook up to the internet, oops. he finally succeeded monday morning after he gave up and went to sleep and it came to him in a dream that he had ignored the xfinity security settings.well, almost: he remembered that when he fell asleep at the computer and then couldn't do anything about it because sunday he'd been so sleep-deprived that he didn't understand where i put his laptop (where the security information lives) when i found his cat sleeping on top of it.it was a weird weekend all around, what with the sudden trip to portland to pick up the computer we didn't think would be in until four days later. i did see a great egret in a pond next to the amtrak/bnsf mainline south of kelso, and swans of undetermined species on a big pond east of the freeway north of woodland when we passed just at sunset. and then there was the four person out-of-it comedy extravaganza on the sidewalk in downtown portland where a diabetic who needed to eat, a pregnant woman ditto, a guy who went to bed at 4am and one who started work at that time tried to figure out where to eat. and a great horned owl dropped down over the car and swung around the corner to go up an alley in the pearl district.julia, i can now edit photos up to the limit of the camera's lenses and sensors and the computer's editing program and my own hands, eyes, and brain instead of being limited by a crappy monitor and my ability to guess.ps: ok, where did they hide spell-check this time? 
(21 comments |comment on this)wednesday, december 30th, 201512:31 pm
december, finally this is actually the photograph i would have used for december if costco didn't munge up vertical formats, so hey, bonus. only not bonus since the contrast and saturation are stepped on since small automatic cameras have a tendancy to play star trek pilot photofinishing tricks with extreme color and lighting.julia, ok, that's it, next year i hope to use the nikon more and spend more chunks of dedicated time taking pictures! 
(5 comments |comment on this)12:24 pm
zoom! running late, not cut out for the night-life anymore even when the night life is grocery shopping at 8pm.( collapse )julia, today is hard and cold and blue and the air is full of ice and i am so very glad! 
(8 comments |comment on this)tuesday, december 29th, 201510:19 am
the heat death of 2015, remembered for 2016 sorry i blew off writing back yesterday; i did wash my hair, though, so there's that.last summer was a nightmare here; it stopped raining two months early, and the air was always full of smoke. i'm surrounded by shoulder-high dried brambles which i have no means of ridding myself, so for all of the summer i kept running water over them, hoping that i could at least interrupt the path of ignition long enough to let the fire department come.( collapse )the window in this room has lost its seal; i sit with the blinds and curtain closed in preference to a roaring draft. at least the tarp on the roof is secure; from hallowe'en until a week ago today i fought to send water through the bathroom drains in preference to all over the floor.julia, 2015 has been spent pushing water around, basically. 
(7 comments |comment on this)monday, december 28th, 201510:20 am
june, she'll change her tune by the time i took this picture last summer, we had had more than five 90f+ (32c+) days and i'd had to release the reserve roosters to the fates so they could find shade. ( collapse )again, only medium resolution, sorry.one of the tragedies of raising chickens is just how many surplus roosters you end up with, and also how relentlessly cruel they are to each other and endlessly creative they are in their self destruction, but how beautiful they can be, and how varied in their beauties.j 
(4 comments |comment on this)10:11 am
also, too i'm going to answer comments when i get to the end of daylight, which is still ridiculously early here. i'm writing it in my agenda: 4:40pst (00:40utc) take shower, wash hair, then reply to comments.( collapse )this is almost as much not fun as loading images for the whole calendar into the costco application.julia, and that's a medium-resolution image because that's all lj would accept. 
(3 comments |comment on this)9:57 am
second quarter very monday here; mr. space has been taking vacation time to have four day weekends since thanksgiving, and every time he goes back to work i have a harder time getting back into my own routine. since i've accidentally expanded to 18 pens of chickens that is not a survivable habit.looks as if i will only be able to add one picture in this post, oh well.( collapse )oh live journal, have you been taking lessons from facebook on bad code, or something?julia, will just stick the other two pictures in any old how, i guess? 
(4 comments |comment on this)sunday, december 27th, 201511:11 am
a more meaningful attempt at communication, i do hope 1. 2015 has pretty much eaten me alive, and in a kind world i could sleep from now until 2016.2. i will be a grandmother sometime in the sweet spring of 2016. we know the sex and name already, but i am too superstitious to use them. sam was showing ultrasounds around christmas eve and the last one shows the kid doing a thumbs up, though, so maybe there's room for optimism.3. following are the first three 2015 calendar pictures. as per usual, i will send hd files of any of these photos, or anything else in my album, on request. i'll post april, may and june on monday.( collapse )i should be rushing about and getting dressed to go feed the chickens, but it's 36f and sleeting and i am insufficiently motivated, to put it kindly. anything i do right now will make me, the chickens, and the feed even wetter, so sitting here and staring at my last piece of toast and the two pills i forgot to take is the better part of valor.julia, in my maturity i've heavily discounted the definition of valor. 
(27 comments |comment on this)friday, december 25th, 201510:21 am
help!!! i was going to post my 2016 calendar but apparently lj is no longer my friend; it's deleted all my formatting and refuses to upload the may, june, and december photos.merry christmas, sorry i haven't been around, i may have time to try again tomorrow, any advice?julia, it's pretty much how my life has been going, and i'll go away so i don't cry in public now. 
(10 comments |comment on this)friday, october 2nd, 20152:32 pm
so much too much can't quite keep up and so of course my photo library was damaged and i had to let it be fixed, and then got tangled up in making these pictures good enough to share.{sigh}( collapse )julia, must go finish a roof so i can move chickens tonight 
(11 comments |comment on this)tuesday, september 1st, 20155:06 pm
still here, very busy, have some chicks these guys are 24-48 hours old, and the young ladies with them co-brooded them so they have two mommies.julia, also, it rained, yay or at least yay after i finally got the tarp on the roof. 
(14 comments |comment on this)thursday, july 2nd, 201511:37 pm
96f here today, about 23 degrees above historic averages*  reality melts as well as bites (7/19/2015 permanent links:picture gallery, article)beautifully illustrated article about the changing nature of mt. rainier.julia, the past month was the hottest june on record*35.5c, historic average is 27.5c 
(16 comments |comment on this)friday, june 26th, 20154:04 pm
so, just to indicate my continuation on this plane of existence i'm very, very over this whole "summer" thing, especially since the daily highs are running about 15f over the long term average and it hasn't rained a measurable amount for weeks. also my sister got some sort of virus from her son and then gave it to me.and of course i have no less work during an average day than if i were perfectly healthy and assuming regular weather.(giant picspam follows).( collapse )time to go move sprinklers, again.julia, also, if you haven't read the goblin emperor do so; it's been the shining exception to general badness lately. 
(24 comments |comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]





about livejournal.com































