


	first baptist garner
























































worship



worship at first baptist garner


purpose and beliefs


a message from pastor travis





serve



ministries


missions & outreach


volunteer


community of hope





connect



adults


college + ya


students


kids





give


watch



sunday sermons


elder-led video series


right now media


podcast series





espanol


store


contact



general information


members


staff


deacons


forms


work with us












     





















 

x

worshipworship at first baptist garnerpurpose and beliefsa message from pastor travisserveministriesmissions & outreachvolunteercommunity of hopeconnectadultscollege + yastudentskidsgivewatchsunday sermonselder-led video seriesright now mediapodcast seriesespanolstorecontactgeneral informationmembersstaffdeaconsformswork with us









 



 


 
|

login

 

















 


worship with us 
sundays @ 9:00 & 10:30am
in person   online

























garner, nc church | welcome to first baptist garner

we're glad you're here!  first baptist garner is a garner area church that serves families from garner, clayton, fuquay-varina, raleigh, and all surrounding areas, offering every age group a place to connect.  come visit us soon - there's a place for you here!

















guest connect
new here? plan a visit!
learn more


 









life groups
we're all doing life. why not do it together? find a group here.
get started


 









campus schedule
sunday family worship begins at 10:30 a.m. view our weekly schedule here.
view now


 









watch online
watch live sundays at 10:30! miss a service? find them all here.
watch now


 



 





















 

to know christ and to make him known to all people
this is our purpose; it's why we gather on sundays and wednesdays and days in between. how do we do that? we worship, serve, connect, and give. we worship together as a church family on sunday mornings - in person when possible, online if not; we serve on sunday, wednesday or during outreach and mission opportunities; we connect with other believers by joining a life group; we gladly give our time, talents, and resources for kingdom purposes.  learn more!
worship    serve    connect    give

 

















































































































2025 emphasis and current sermon series








2025 emphasis
this year brings excitement, energy, and a renewed spirit for which we are thankful!  our purpose is to know christ and to make him known to all people; in 2025, our emphasis is make him known, so we will study and discuss how to make him known in our homes, church, community, and world. 
read more and check our upcoming events throughout the year!
read more







february sermon series
we're continuing through our year-long emphasis, "make him known" with a new sermon series from colossians. in february, we're studying the book of colossians and the truth of who jesus is as the early church followed the great commission to go out and make him known.
new things are happening at first baptist garner, so check out our campus schedule for details!
read more



























































































































 upcoming events & announcements stay up-to-date and in-the-know on all first baptist garner happenings!
























































view calendar















get in touch
email us with your prayer requests, praise reports, or questions about a relationship with jesus.  if you have questions about a first-time visit or would like to know which life group might be best for you - email us!










ministry
name*
email*
phone
to what is the inquiry pertaining?

- choose one -
becoming a christian
send a prayer request
general inquiry


sendto
regarding
how may we help you?*







































































church office hours:  monday - thursday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
601 st. mary's street
garner, nc 27529
919.772.1772
deacon on call:  after hours, call 919.772.1772 and select option 7
care ministries:  919.772.1772 ext 202
community of hope ministries: 919.779.6679
cohm food pantry: 919.779.6679
weekday preschool: 919.779.4177
email us:  fbc@fbcgarner.org
work with us
   






































worship | serve | connect | give | watch | espanol | contact || directory | forms


























copyright © 2025 by first baptist church of garner. all rights reserved.
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use






















