







soroptimist international of fort bragg - improving the lives of women and girls












































		skip to content	



 soroptimist international of fort bragg
improving the lives of women and girls
menu and widgets




welcome
contact us
crafts fair
awards — scholarships
sifb bylaws
 

search

search for:



paul bunyan crafts fair click here for details

labor day weekend
sat­ur­day 10am to 5pm
sun­day 10am to 4pm
entry form & details

whale run & walk ==> new whale run website<==
click above for lat­est fort bragg whale run website
 
 

   contact sifb

sifb facebook page 

live your dream 
edu­ca­tion and train­ing awards for women.
live your dreams
application
due novem­ber 15
award details

ruby award 
award details
nomination form
nom­i­na­tions due by dec. 15

violet richardson award 
for women help­ing oth­ersthrough vol­un­teer efforts.
informationapplication formdue novem­ber 15
award details

fellowships 
founder region fellowships
go to women in the final phase
of their doc­tor­al degrees.
application form
due jan­u­ary 15
 

sifb bylaws click book to view sifb bylaws


 







 

welcome 

soroptimist international of fort bragg 
spon­sor­ing the paul bun­yan craft fair

char­tered june 28, 1975
501 © 3 orga­ni­za­tion ~ tax id 23–2154856
email con­tact sifb sorop­ti­mists of fort bragg whale run & walk





a pro­fes­sion­al ser­vice organization








meet­ings: 1st, 2nd & 3rd thurs­day 12–1pm







where: senior cen­ter, 490 n. harold st, fort bragg, ca
guests wel­comed, but, if not accom­pa­nied by a mem­ber, then please noti­fy a con­tact so a lunch can be provided.



sorop­ti­mist inter­na­tion­al: glob­al voice for women work­ing through aware­ness, advo­ca­cy, and action 100,000 mem­bers in 120 coun­tries and territories.
a sorop­ti­mist is a leader in the com­mu­ni­ty who believes that by join­ing with oth­ers in the ser­vice of their com­mu­ni­ty and soci­ety, they can make the world a bet­ter place for humankind.
mem­bers of sorop­ti­mist inter­na­tion­al are of all ages, cul­tures, eth­nic groups and rep­re­sent a wide array of pro­fes­sions and businesses.
sorop­ti­mist clubs accom­plish their ser­vice goals based on indi­vid­ual com­mu­ni­ty need.  mem­bers make a dif­fer­ence for women by con­cen­trat­ing on health, edu­ca­tion, envi­ron­ment, human rights and the sta­tus of women, eco­nom­ic and social devel­op­ment and inter­na­tion­al good­will and understanding.
join us…. you’ll be glad you did!

==> new whale run website<==
click above for lat­est fort bragg whale run website

all mate­ri­als post­ed on this site are sub­ject to copy­rights owned by sorop­ti­mist inter­na­tion­al of fort bragg and/​or oth­er indi­vid­u­als and enti­ties. any repro­duc­tion or re-trans­mis­sion of all or part of any doc­u­ment or pho­to found on this site is express­ly pro­hib­it­ed, unless sorop­ti­mist inter­na­tion­al of fort bragg or the copy­right own­er of the mate­r­i­al has grant­ed its pri­or writ­ten consent.
copy­right © 2016, all rights reserved. this web site includes links pro­vid­ing direct access to oth­er inter­net sites. sifb takes no respon­si­bil­i­ty for the con­tent or infor­ma­tion con­tained on oth­er sites, nor does it imply endorse­ment or approval of prod­ucts or infor­ma­tion offered.

web design and pho­tog­ra­phy by com­put­er one-on-one








				proudly powered by wordpress			







