




prom hair styles




prom hair styles center









    prom 
    home


    long 
    prom 
    hair 
    styles


    medium 
    prom 
    hair 
    styles


    short 
    prom 
    hair 
    styles


    prom 
    updos


    prom 
    partial 
    updos


    prom 
    ponytail 
    updos


    prom 
    dresses


    prom 
    makeup







 




 

 



prom hair styles have many different options today. consider the more casual look, the updo, partial updo, the ever popular long and curly look. browse this site for more ideas for your prom hair. 




  


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
prom is just around the corner!  why 
      not start preparing for the big day now! browse 
      through our site to find recent photos of trendy hair styles, upos, makeup 
      tips, feature articles and more.

sedu hairstyles - are they for real?

    wearing your hair straight is always a 
    great option for the prom.  one way to get your hair to perfectly 
    straight is to use a flat iron.  there are many different types of flat 
    irons on the market today.  once that we have found to work very well 
    is the sedu flat iron.  

    actually, the term sedu hair styles is a 
    very popular search term at many search engines today, since the sedu flat 
    iron is very effective at creating the flat, shiny looking hair style.

    below our editor has actually tested the 
    flat iron and written a review detailing how it works.

    sedu hair styles – are they for real?
    hair resources official review

    as the editor for hair resources, i visit many beauty and hair related 
    websites. over the last year i have noticed a growing popularity of the 
    search term sedu hair styles and even more popularity of the sedu flat 
    irons.

    so, i had to check out this growing trend to see what sedu hair styles are 
    all about. the original mission statement of the company sedu beauty, 
    established in 1991, is to transform every nonhairless female species on the 
    planet into a seductive beauty, sedu for short. it turns out that they also 
    have many male admirers.




    the flat irons by sedu are rated the best by consumers and are mentioned as 
    being preferred by top hair stylists around the world. okay, this has 
    definitely got my attention now.

    i went to the company website, over at www.sedubeauty.com and saw many 
    pictures of before and after using the sedu flat iron. the after pictures 
    all showed silky smooth and noticeably shiny straight hair, as opposed to 
    the before pictures that showed very curly, frizzy or downright unmanageable 
    looking hair.

    i do have to admit that i was a little skeptical after seeing the photos. i 
    kept looking on the website for the little disclaimer that says ‘results not 
    typical….etc.’ that you always find in weight loss advertisements. but no 
    such disclaimer can be found.

    for review purposes, i ordered a 1-1/2 inch sedu ionic flat iron from one of 
    the authorized sellers listed on the company website. the package arrived 
    late one afternoon, just before i had to go pick up my daughters from 
    school. i had only about 10 minutes to spare before i had to leave, but i 
    was really anxious to try out this flat iron. 

    here is an account of what happened next. my hair was freshly washed and 
    dried, so i just put a small amount of biosilk silk therapy that the company 
    recommends you use before flat ironing. my hair is very thick and about 
    shoulder length. i actually have to clip up most of my hair and start flat 
    ironing from the bottom layer. with my old flat iron, it usually takes a 
    good 15 minutes to iron my hair, with not all that great results. 

    time line:
    3:10 p.m. i plug in the sedu ionic flat iron; put it on the hottest 
    temperature

    3:10 p.m. and 25 seconds later. the green light is blinking indicating that 
    the iron is ready to use. i start with the bottom layer, gradually letting 
    more hair down until i have run the flat iron over all my hair. with this 
    iron you only have to pass it one time over your hair. with my old iron i 
    had to run it thru several times to get good results. p.s. you definitely 
    don’t want to touch your hair after running the flat iron over it. it is 
    very hot.

    3:18 p.m. i’m done!!!!

    
   my hair looks absolutely awesome. it is smooth and silky, just like in the 
    pictures. and, it actually stayed that way for almost two whole days before 
    i washed it again. several people asked me the first day and the next day if 
    i got my hair cut or just went to the salon. 

    important factors to consider when flat ironing your hair on a regular or 
    daily basis is the wear and tear it will produce on your hair, perhaps 
    causing split ends or even damaging your hair. if you visit many hair 
    related forums, damaged hair from flat ironing is a frequent topic.

    dennis huang, the brand manager for the sedu line, says that the sedu flat 
    irons are made from tourmaline, a precious stone. this stone was used 
    because it generates up to 6 times more negative ions upon heating than 
    traditional ceramic irons. the extra negative ions along with gentle 
    far-infrared heat guarantee soft, smooth, frizz-free silky straight hair 
    without heat damage. also, sedu’s patented ultra-smooth plates guarantee 
    smooth straightening motion without pulling, snagging or breaking the hair.

    huang mentions that many flat irons on the market have very rough surfaces 
    on the plates. he adds, “most irons cause hair damage because essentially 
    you are straightening your hair with a heated sand paper.”

    many hair stylists recommend using some sort of silicone based product on 
    the hair before flat ironing in order to protect the hair. sedu beauty 
    recommends biosilk silk therapy and sedu heat protectant. they also 
    recommend using lower heat settings for different types of hair. if you have 
    bleached, fragile, damaged or fine hair—use the lower temperature setting. 
    if you have normal hair and use the iron regularly, use the middle range of 
    temperatures and if you have coarse, thick, ethnic or resistant hair that is 
    in a healthy condition you can use the maximum heat for best results.

    in short, my conclusion, 8 minutes and a sedu ionic flat iron has made a 
    huge difference in the way my hair looks and feels. it is thumbs up for sedu 
    flat irons from hair resources. 

    now all i need is a weight loss product that works in 8 minutes     


    see 
    long 
    prom 
    hair 
    styles



    powered 
    by
    
    webring.





 this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.
 













copyright© prom.hairresources.net 
|

privacy




