 







well spouse association















 





 







 




























 










 

 





 




home






about wsa

 






back




our organization

 






back




history






board of directors






honorary board






fundraising






partners






policies






volunteering










  contact us

  





back




wsa office












donate now






about spousal caregiving










  our members

  





back




log in / log out







join or renew now






membership benefits






professional and corporate supporters










  support

  





back


  support groups

  





back




support groups






join a support group






start a support group












online support




  reading room

  





back




caregiving memoirs






personal growth books






articles






resource directory










  wsa publications

  





back




mainstay newsletter






mainstay - the book






wsa brochures and flyers












connecting caregivers






resource directory






member stories

 






back




audio






video






essays
















  events

  





back


  events calendar

  





back




calendar by month (eastern time shown)






calendar by year












national conferences






respite events






webinars and symposiums












advocacy




  media

  





back




wsa in the media






wsa testimonials






media kit














 log in / out



 join / renew



 donate






 




 













 




→


more








 



peer support
→


more












 

 


almost 6 million people in the us care for an ill or disabled partner 


			chronic illness changes relationships. when spouses or partners transition to caregiver and patient roles, they often face the loss of that singular intimate relationship and the companionship it brings. spousal caregivers spend more hours caregiving each week, doing more intense tasks, and with less outside assistance, than other types of caregivers. the financial impacts of caregiving are different for well spouses from other types of caregivers too - often the partner with illness and the caregiver must give up paid employment (at the same time that expenses increase due to medical costs). caregiving for your wife, husband, or partner impacts the decision to have children, the way children are raised, and where and how one lives, works, and retires. there are few areas of life that are left untouched by the caregiver/patient role in partnered relationships. 

well spouse association provides support and resources to people of all ages who care for partners with chronic illness or disability. we provide support whether you feel like a caregiver or not. we are an inclusive and welcoming community - no matter your age, partnership arrangement, sexuality, orientation, gender, or religious beliefs. 
		


more








 










 

 
how caregiving changes us




an interview with wsa's president elect  (july 2021)





 





wsa talks with the media 









"caregiver burnout" - fortune (may 2022)





"a conversation with wsa" - pantsuit politics podcast (june 2022)













 




 












 












 

 

wsa addresses the unique challenges that well spouses face every day








 

 community





														support groups
								



														24 x 7 online support
								



learning that you are not alone

wsa's network of more than 25 monthly peer support groups and our online support groups connect you to others who understand what you're going through. 

find support




 events





														conferences
								



														respite events
								



														webinars
								



creating opportunities to meet other members

we host a number of events each year for members, including webinars, respites , and our annual conference - to bring well spouses together.

meet up




 resources





														mainstay newsletters
								



														advocacy
								



sharing our stories

our mainstay newsletters give you a voice. we advocate for change with policymakers and share research opportunities with our members.

tell others







 

 



become a member 








 
why join wsa?


"some of the best advice for caregivers will come from other caregivers."

-new york times







 upcoming events





→









 













 

 

(732) 577-8899 (732) 577-8899 

email info@wellspouse.org 

63 west main st, suite h 63 west main st., suite h 

freehold, nj 07728 freehold, nj 07728 




 


 





 follow us on 
























 



            ©
    1988 -     2025
    well spouse® association. all rights reserved.  wsa is a 501(c)(3) organization.
            




 


			well spouse association is a peer support organization, and nothing shared via well spouse programs or social media is intended to replace medical, financial, or legal advice provided by experts or professionals. 

if you are having a mental health crisis and are in the us, please call or text 988 to be connected to a professional trained in giving care during a crisis.
		











