




 





								senator george j. mitchell scholarship research institute | the mitchell institute						























































 

















 










about

staff
directors and advisors
alumni council
learn more
the scholarship


the scholarship
scholars

schedule a chat
scholarship recipients
pioneer scholars
scholars speak podcast


news & events

scholars speak podcast
subscribe to our email newsletter


research

historical maine education research
mitchell scholar & alumni study
aspirations – archived


support us

ways to give

bequests
donor-advised funds
life insurance
retirement assets
stocks/securities


special giving programs


gala
 












































 






home




the mission of the mitchell institute is to increase the likelihood that young people from every community in maine will aspire to, pursue, and achieve a college education.
invest in a scholar






save the date: gala 2025 is on sept. 26
gala 2024 featured a record number of sponsors and attendees — and was spectacular in every way! if you weren’t able to join us for gala 2024, mark your calendar for gala 2025 on friday, sept. 26! click here to learn more about our annual celebration of mitchell scholars and the mitchell institute’s mission to unlock the potential of maine students!






apply for the mitchell scholarship by march 1, 2025
the application for the next round of mitchell scholarship awards is open now through march 1, 2025. this year, the mitchell institute will award 200 $10,000 mitchell scholarships statewide — to at least one graduating student from every public high school in maine who plans to attend a two- or four-year college in fall 2025. click here to learn more and to apply for the mitchell scholarship.





your generosity directly benefits maine students
for 30 years, the mitchell institute has helped maine students achieve a college degree. by awarding the $10,000 mitchell scholarship to at least one graduating senior from every maine community and providing them with a broad range of programming and opportunities, we will invest $1.85 million in maine’s future this year. click here to learn how you can make a difference in the lives of 185 college-bound students each year, grow tomorrow’s leaders, and strengthen maine’s workforce.








stay inspired

join our community and stay up to date on how we support mitchell scholars. we’ll also share other news and information about upcoming events.
 
name email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe towebsite signups example: yes, i would like to receive emails from the mitchell institute. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.













connect
































contact us

mitchell institute
75 washington avenue, suite 2e portland, maine, 04101
telephone: voice (207) 773-7700
fax: (207) 773-1133
please direct all media inquiries about the mitchell scholarship and related programs to marc glass, brand and communications director: mglass@mitchellinstitute.org

if you are not sure where to direct your message, please e-mail: info@mitchellinstitute.org


 
 



staff listing

jared cash
president and ceo
jcash@mitchellinstitute.org


jeff candura
director of development
jcandura@mitchellinstitute.org


kristen case
scholar research and grants manager
kcase@mitchellinstitute.org


marc glass
brand and communications director
mglass@mitchellinstitute.org


alex carrier hitchcox
events manager
ahitchcox@mitchellinstitute.org


 andrea mitchell
programs manager
amitchell@mitchellinstitute.org



casey near
scholarship director
cnear@mitchellinstitute.org


lisa sirois
finance director
lsirois@mitchellinstitute.org



 
learn more



get there from here

apply online
donate
resources for mitchell scholars
site map
 


© 2025 the mitchell institute







 
apply for the mitchell scholarship by march 1, 2025

                apply now            










 