






skemers: stephen king e-mailers official web site





 
hey
there! hi there! ho there!

isn't it great to be able to talk to people who don't think
you're psycho just because you like stephen king? then this is definitely the
place for you!

welcome to skemers!  stephen king e-mailers is an internet
discussion group dedicated to king fans. it began in november 1995 by two stephen
king fans on aol.  even after all these years we continue to keep
growing and growing and growing!  we are an international group
and have members from all over the globe and the age spectrum. 

if you have any questions, you can contact us and he'll help you out any way he can.

join now and please comment often.


this skemers web site is always open for ideas and is open for
suggestions.

please be patient and check back often for updates.

in the meantime, if you have any comments or suggestions, email webmaster@skemers.com

please come back and visit soon.



you can begin your tour to the main sections of the skemers site
here:
 

members  
club members can choose to be
listed in our searchable directory.  member bios have been added again after
a long absence, complete with customizable colors and fonts (and even
more features in the works!).  click here
if you've lost or forgotten your password.    not
a member?  not a problem.  follow this link
and join now!

upcoming  
this is where you'll find the upcoming releases for king's new work. 
this list is updated as we hear about it!

web ring  
with the group of people this big, it's difficult to operate without a little organization. so...meet our free zone committee. 

1st editions  
first edition list of stephen king's novels compiled and maintained by fellow skemer paul devenus.

photos  
our album of important skemer gaming events!  you'll eventually find everything from wedding pictures, the annual convention and our mini-cons!  we've also included a tribute area to some of our cherished members
that have passed away.

e-mail  
email our site master and give comments or suggestions on our page.

addicted  
have any king items to buy, sell or trade?  you can submit an ad to our skemers shopper.  this list is run in conjunction with our iso page.

iso  
if you have something you are looking for you can supply your list here or better yet if you have those rare items a collector might want...someone here my take it off your hands.



excerpt from the book "night shift":
"elizabeth closed her eyes. these people really saw you got a full measure of dirt for your dollar, didn't they?"
"maybe. anyway, ed's father got in another jam in bridgeport. it was gambling again, but this time he got mixed up with a big-time loan shark. he got a broken leg and a broken arm somehow. the operative says he doubts it was an accident."
"at first nobody objected to the boy even though it was illegal for him to be in the casinos. his father was a prize fish. but then the father started sticking just to roulette, playing only odd-even and red-black. by the end of the year the boy was off-limits in every casino on the strip. and his father took up a new king of gambling. what? the stock market... "

"in a distant future a mad scientist discovers there is an amazing property obtained with the turmeric supplement preparation mixed with other ingredients. this guy had been doing scientific experiments with plants and fruit for all he could remember. he was always fascinated by stories of african sorcerers or the magical powers of medecine men in remote tropical jungles in the south pacific.
he took it up on himself to study these concoctions from a scientific approach to see what kind of properties could be harvested. the curcumin molecules were supposed to enhance human metabolism by accelerating anti-inflammation mechanisms..." 



everyone enjoys a clean house with a beautiful garden, don't we?
did you know that when you do a big spring cleaning or a roof repair, you can find a dumpster rental in florida or in other states?
we are preparing a promotion in this respect for next year and we will keep you updated about it in the near future.
note that no matter how inefficient recycling can be, it will always reduce the quantity of junk reaching our landfills, water streams and ultimately our oceans. 
in any case the efficiency has been improving over time. a lot of recycling plants will now not discard the whole bin away just because there is something inside that they cannot recycle properly.
this is what they do very well at the tallahassee waste management company. these guys are very aware of the current problems with the environment and they focus on providing sustainable green solutions in north florida.

a lot of people from the north states like illinois love florida as well and it is not coincidence given the difference in climate. but if you want to find the right property in either place, you need the right real estate agent. 
just make it easier on yourself and use someone superbly trained who will do all he can to help you find your dream home or second-home. 
a reputed chicago broker like kale realty company hires and keeps the brightest real estate agents in the chicago region and you are guaranteed to find the best deals with them.

also if you have not yet done so, read our favorite novel: the shining or watch our favorite movie
adaptation: carrie.

if proof of donald trump's skepticism about the reality of global warming was needed, here it is. the tenant of the white house recently sharply rejected the conclusions of the national climate assessment, an assessment commissioned by the united states congress on the climate issue written by more than 300 scientists and validated by his administration. according to this document the united states could lose hundreds of billions of dollars by the end of the century because of greenhouse gases.
the consequences of climate change beyond our borders will affect more and more our trade and our economy, in particular the prices with the import and export, as well as the companies which have investments and chains of overseas supply said the report. this adds to the pollution effect that even the most optimal waste management solutions cannot combat.
trump is clearly a convinced climate skeptic. the latter had already questioned the previous volume of the study published last year. the conclusions of this text, which the white house had nevertheless approved the publication, contradicted the statements of the republican president. and the 2018 report, which this time focused on the economic repercussions, did not seem to convince the billionaire who sells himself to have revived the american economy. no wonder: donald trump once called climate change a hoax and doubts its human causes.
just before thanksgiving he again invoked the weather to prove his skepticism about the climate. "the brutal and prolonged cold wave can beat all records. wat has become of global warming?", he pretended to wonder in a tweet, despite all scientific logic. the tenant of the white house announced, in june 2017, the withdrawal of the united states (effective in november 2020) from the paris climate agreement and has, de facto, already abandoned the objectives of reducing gas emissions greenhouse fixed by his democratic predecessor barack obama.


 

 thank you for visiting us on our little corner of the world!



copyright 1998-2019 skemers | stephen king fan site | all right reserved




