








roseville auto repair citrus heights ca | duncan's automotive











duncan's automotive





                              home
                           


                              services
                           


                              locations
                           


                              diagnostics
                           


                              appointments
                           


                              careers
                           



                                 coupons
                                 




                                          a/c inspection
                                       


                                          brake & lamp inspection
                                       


                                          brake service
                                       


                                          diagnostic test
                                       


                                          free towing
                                       


                                          scheduled maintenance
                                       


                                          smog check
                                       


                                          timing belt
                                       





                              news
                           












three locations

citrus heights

                        (916) 726-8473
                     

lincoln

                        (916) 645-2860
                     

roseville

                        (916) 789-0303
                     








duncan's automotive


                  citrus heights (916) 726-8473
               
                  lincoln (916) 645-2860
               
                  roseville (916) 789-0303
               










auto repair roseville depends on
for more than twenty years, duncan's automotive has provided quality automotive service. our ase certified technicians are trained in the latest technologies and use state of the art diagnostic tools to keep our customers' cars and light trucks in peak running condition.

               our three locations provide you the quality, convenient auto repair
               citrus heights, lincoln and roseville ca have trusted for over twenty years.
            





post your review at:









we're your smog expert




                        don't let your next smog inspection become a nightmare. our
                        citrus heights, lincoln, and
                        roseville
                        auto shops are all california certified smog stations and have the experience to solve the toughest emissions problems.
                     

bar certified star station


                        all of
                        our locations are california bureau of automotive repair certified star stations (formerly test-only stations) licenced to test, repair, and certify vehicles needing to go to a star station. this means one-stop shopping convenience for you!
                     

                        for more information about the smog check program, visit the
                        california bureau of automotive repair's smog check program page.
                     




customer reviews



                        "honest! friendly! and seem to really care about their customers. i was going to another shop for sometime and it seemed they always found something wrong that they strongly recommended. i just didn't feel right about something. so i found duncan's automotive on the aaa
                        website. so i gave them a try and boy was i happy and surprised! they inspected my brakes and found that i didn't really need them to be done like the other shop claimed. they walked me out into the shop and carefully explained what they had found. they could have taken me if
                        they wanted. but they didn't and they went over the other item i asked them to check. they gave me a price for repairs. i did call around and shop for prices on other shops. they were cheaper!. they got it done that day. and most of all i walked away feeling like they really
                        cared and that is important to me. i have since sent over two friends and they got the same treatment."
                     
more reviews …






stay in touch


subscribe to our text messages!
the best way to stay in touch with us is by subscribing to our text message service! be the first to know about our important updates and receive our exclusive offers.
join our text message communications list and never miss a deal.




understanding your car


today's cars are made up of a number of complex systems. our new
                     library of informative videos from napa
                     will help you learn more about how your car works and help you make informed decisions when it comes time to service or repair your car.
                  



aaa approved auto repair network


we are proud to be a aaa approved auto repair network provider. this rigorous certification assures our facilities meet aaa's tough standards for professional auto repair service.
                  



car care tips


need a tune up?
in the past, a tune-up was a big part of regular vehicle maintenance, but that has changed for today's vehicles.
today's tuneup …


how to save fuel
with the price of gas these days, every drop saved is money in your pocket. here's our list of tips that will pay off right away.
gas saving tips …







stay in touch! subscribe to our text message service!




home | locations | appointments | careers | contact


      © 2000-
      
      duncan's automotive
   



