



sysco - home

































                            phone: 
                            +40 21 323 7252


                            fax: 
                            +40 21 321 3455















home


about us


products

ibm business solutions
lenovo business products

servers, storage & networking





services


contact






open menu


home


about us


products

ibm business solutions
lenovo business products

servers, storage & networking





services


contact























high performance, reliable, expandable midsize server.
                            







reliable operational and computationalperformance


intelligent and efficientvirtualization


cloud computingplatform of choice


proven computingplatform


scaling to support growing workloads


hypervisor & powervm enterprise


openstack via cloudpowervc manager


aix, ibm i & linux (rhel,suse,ubuntu)







simplified data delivery:ibm storage systems and software defined storage





powerful cost-effective hybrid & all-flash 


performance, reliability,data economics


continuous access to your data 


meet changing storage needs


cost effective storagefor recovery & cloud


flashsystem 5000, 7200, 9200& san volume controller (svc)


flashsystem 900, a9000(r)®& elastic storage server


ds8900f 


spectrum storage suite software


tape library systems & san







lenovo thinksystems


world-class servers for world-class businesses.
                            




balanced design. built for business.


workload hungry. budget friendly.


industry-leading capabilities.











meet thinkpad.
                            

ultralight


stunning display


dockable, rechargeable stylus pen


fastest, advanced mobile broadband














welcome to sysco
technology it solutions based on professional grade equipment, software and servicesto support long-term business relationships. 



















about us
sysco srl is focused to deliver, implement and support information technology solutions exclusively based on products, 
								professional services and support provided by level a manufacturers and vendors. 
                                












products

                                    primarily, we are designing our technology solutions with business grade equipment and software from major producers: 
									cisco, ibm, lenovo, microsoft, netapp, oracle, sophos, symantec and vision solutions. 
                                












services

                                    sysco professional services team, in cooperation with manufacturers, vendors and business partners is providing a 
									complete services portfolio to support current and proposed it&c infrastructure.
                                

















what we offer



understand your business

                                       we can help strengthen your competitiveness as you grow your business operations. 
									   building an it infrastructure with us means to find a solution that provides a comprehensive response 
									   to operate in your business model – fast, cost-effective, integrated, secure and continuosly protecting your valuable data.  
                                    


it consulting services

                                        we can provide you with the methodology, technology, best practices, tools, expertise and resources to develop 
										targeted information technology initiatives that can improve productivity, systems management, 
										capacity to accommodate future growth and better control over evolving costs. 
 
                                    








    



cloud services

                                        we are offering a complete set of cloud storage services with our infrastructure 
										(data backup and archive, storage-as-a-service, hybrid cloud with aws) or we tune long-term iaas for you.
                                    


dedicated customer support

                                       with great design must come even better support. 
									   based on your selection of the maintennace and tehnical support agreements, 
									   our support team and related support resources are here for you up to 7 x 24 
									   and with a wide range of offered slas.
                                    
















our partners

































ibm premier business partner
sysco has rapidly become one of the main ibm authorized business partners in romania, being constantly rewarded by ibm as "top performer" since 1995.

ibm's portfolio combines technical innovation with built-in reliability, designed to meet your business needs and budget. these systems are easy to install, deploy and manage. and now are more affordable than ever. view our selection of ibm products and services that we currently offer and support

							

view ibm solutions
















lenovo first tier business partner
check our selection of the latest business class equipment from lenovo. sure you'll find something interesting.
all lenovo products






















ultrabooks & notebooks

















servers, storage & networking

















thinkcentre desktop & all-in-ones

















high-performance workstations

















tablets & convertibles

















monitors

















accesories

































 

                                        welcome to sysco. a single stop shopping forbusiness-grade it products.
                                    


 




contact info




address: 
                                                2 negru voda st, bl. c4, sc. 3, parter,
                                                sector 3, bucharest - romania
                                            













telephone: 
                                                +40 21 323 7252
                                            




fax: 
                                                +40 21 321 3455
                                            















copyright sysco 2017. all rights reserved.



home
about
products
services
contact





scroll


 
 

 






 


 
 
 



