





































































arizona daily star | breaking news | | read tucson, az and arizona breaking news. get latest news, events and information on arizona sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content


























46°




 






                        sign in
                    


                    subscribe now
                






manage account
 logout











 manage account
 e-newspaper

 logout
































news


sign up for newsletters



local



wildfires



arizona



business



crime



nation & world



saddlebrooke



politics



archives



marijuana guide



news tip




arizona daily star


e-edition



e-edition-tutorial



archives



special sections



merchandise



circulars



public notices



readers' choice awards



buyer's edge




obituaries


share your story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



submit guest opinion



letters to the editor



opinion & editorials



national columnists




sports


arizona wildcats



greg hansen



high schools



roadrunners



betting




lifestyles


events calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



movie listings



music



comics



games



columns



play



home & gardening



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



retro tucson



history



travel



outdoors & rec



community pages



brand ave. studios



join the community


news tip



share video




buy & sell


place an ad



shop local



jobs



homes



freedom rv az



marketplace



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage my account



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy















































































read today's e-edition















































                    log in
                


$1 for 3 monthssubscribe now







 



 manage account
 e-newspaper

 logout








e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

wildcats

lifestyles

newsletters

comics & puzzles

public notices

jobs

freedom rv az








46°
clear
























        
        
            sec, big ten officials to meet this week on college football playoff expansion, format changes

sec, big ten officials to meet this week on college football playoff expansion, format changes.

















        
        
            offense awakens, kenan elarton shines as arizona wins home opener vs. new mexico

after starting 0-3, arizona finally looked like the team it was projected to be in a 10-0 win over new mexico in the home opener at hi corbett field.

















        
        
            judge strikes down pima county gun ordinance

the pima county board of supervisors passed the ordinance in march. it required that guns be reported within 48 hours.


















        
            tim steller's column: tucson's big homeless camp returning to biking roots

for star subscribers: this year, tucson's 100 acre wood, near davis-monthan air force base, is set to be rebuilt as an improved mountain bike complex. but first the unhoused residents must leave.


















        
            u of a to conduct dei inventory to comply with trump orders

university of arizona president suresh garimella said tuesday the ua will take an inventory of its diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility-related programs, jobs and activities, to determine how to comply with a new mandate from the u.s. department of education. 

















        
        
            marana student is named pima county's top speller

a sixth grader at rattlesnake ridge elementary school topped 37 other students saturday to become the 2025 pima county champion speller.

















        
        
            henri veesaar moves into arizona wildcats' starting lineup

after receiving the first start of his arizona career, henri veesaar helped the wildcats beat baylor to snap a two-game losing streak.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you





















        
            tim steller's column: tucson's big homeless camp returning to biking roots


















        
        
            these 8 local restaurants are expanding with new locations across tucson



















        
            u of a to conduct dei inventory to comply with trump orders















                
                subscriber exclusives
                
            

















        
        
            believers bought airplane for dead preacher thinking he’d rise from grave to fly in it

the story behind millions of dollars amassed by a fringe religious sect includes the distribution of recorded sermons by its dead prophet and tributes paid worldwide.





















        
            tim steller's column: tucson's big homeless camp returning to biking roots

for star subscribers: this year, tucson's 100 acre wood, near davis-monthan air force base, is set to be rebuilt as an improved mountain bike complex. but first the unhoused residents must leave.





















        
            u of a to conduct dei inventory to comply with trump orders

university of arizona president suresh garimella said tuesday the ua will take an inventory of its diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility-related programs, jobs and activities, to determine how to comply with a new mandate from the u.s. department of education. 





















        
            don't let food stamps be used for sodas, arizona lawmaker says

a gop lawmaker is leading a charge to take sodas — with or without sugar — off the list of items arizonans can buy with food stamps, though candy and sugary cereals would still be ok. 












                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 18 recap: tucson news you may have missed today

get a recap of tuesday's local news stories from arizona daily star. 





















        
        
            photos: 100th la fiesta de los vaqueros tucson rodeo

established in 1925, la fiesta de los vaqueros tucson rodeo celebrates their 100 year anniversary.  





















        
        
            this week in cartoons feb. 10-16, 2025

this week in cartoons feb. 10-16, 2025 





















        
        
            photos: houston wins 62-58 over arizona at mckale center, big 12 men's basketball

houston (21-4, 13-1) wins 62-58 over arizona (17-8, 11-3) in a big 12 men's basketball match at mckale center early saturday afternoon.  












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new rv



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            tucsonan preps for masters boxing event




















        
        
            ua baseball coach chip hale on arizona's first win of 2025




















        
        
            photos: the 100th la fiesta de los vaqueros




















        
        
            video: lineup change, big road dub for ua men's basketball












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            sec, big ten officials to meet this week on college football playoff expansion, format changes

sec, big ten officials to meet this week on college football playoff expansion, format changes.




















        
        
            offense awakens, kenan elarton shines as arizona wins home opener vs. new mexico

after starting 0-3, arizona finally looked like the team it was projected to be in a 10-0 win over new mexico in the home opener at hi corbett field.




















        
        
            henri veesaar moves into arizona wildcats' starting lineup

after receiving the first start of his arizona career, henri veesaar helped the wildcats beat baylor to snap a two-game losing streak.




















        
        
            best of the west mbb power rankings: hot seat assessment for asu's bobby hurley (rising) and utah's craig smith (cooling)

jon wilner's best of the west mbb power rankings: hot seat assessment for asu's bobby hurley (rising) and utah's craig smith (cooling).













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            my pet world: chewing challenges — keeping a high-energy hound happily engaged

dear cathy,




















        
        
            a homecoming for ed irving: slice & ice is coming to tucson's east side

slice & ice is opening a new location, where east-siders will get the chance to indulge in ranch fries, strawberry lemonade ice and slices of pepperoni pizza.




















        
        
            these 8 local restaurants are expanding with new locations across tucson

from gastropubs to korean fried chicken, here are eight local restaurants that are opening up new locations around town!

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









provided








        
        
            4 mistakes to avoid when driving a campervan in winter in arizona

provided content. to help keep you safe out there, here is a list of mistakes to avoid when driving around arizona in the winter. 












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.












partner








        
        
            read the label: how to spot potential dangers in processed foods

get healthy. the u.s. food and drug administration requires nutrition labels on most packaged food items, and gaining a basic understanding of the information they reveal can guide you toward making healthier dietary choices.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            drug enforcement administration



                                        210 archer st, bel air, md 21014
                                    






















        
        
            tucson hispanic chamber of commerce



                                        260 south church avenue, tucson, az 85701
                                    






 website






























        
        
            seniors helping seniors



                                        5270 n northridge drive, tucson, az 85718
                                    






 website





























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram







arizona daily star store

this is tucson

saddlebag notes

tucson festival of books



sites & partners


e-edition

classifieds

events calendar

careers @ lee enterprises

careers @ gannett

online features

sponsored blogs

get healthy




services


advertise with us

register

contact us

rss feeds

newsletters

photo reprints

subscriber services

subscription faq

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        arizona daily star, po box 26887 tucson, az 85726-6887
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























