

adventure into wren's world of inspiration






























many of the pages in wrensworld.com require
      that your browser 
      be java enabled in order to be viewed properly.  for a quick link to
      recently 
      added pages, scroll down and click on the "new pages" image.   thanks...wren





       



virus
                information:
                it has come to our attention that some are receiving an e-mail
                that supposedly came from wrensworld that has a virus attached. 
                please know that we are 'virus free' and we never send
                any attachment unless it has been pre-arranged. 
                every incoming and outgoing e-mail is scanned by the most
                up-to-date norton anti-virus  program, and we also do daily
                scans of our entire system.  if you would like to know more
                about this virus, and how it can "borrow" the name of
                a uninfected sender, please visit:  
                klez: 
                don't believe from line or
mcafee security ~ klez virus  thank you... wren




 





proud to be american
wren's world free n ez greeting cards 
wren's world city nest 
wren's world harbor nest 
wren's world seasonal nest 
tributes and memorials for family and friends
quick quips and quotes
the chapel in wren's world-cast your cares upon the lord- 
jail ministry
the game room 
wren's world kids nest home page 
wren's fabulous family
wren's personal moments of "heaven on earth"
frequently asked questions
awards, gifts, and links
 
 

select from the list and click on the "go now" button

not everything in wrensworld is pretty...
please visit the "lupus in wren's world" branch.
this section of wrensworld explains what lupus is,
and how many of us are affected by this disease...thank you, wren.



note: 
              please do not link directly to my images, midi or
                wav files.to download to your hard 
              drive, right-click and choose "save as".web tv users please transload. 
                thank you for your courtesy...wren. 


   
  

wrensworld.com
 



please sign the guest book.  
thank you... wren


a tribute
the day the world cried
terrorism in america 
 

site problems or comments?email  wrensworld.com


click image to get your own guest book from htmlgear.





"his eye is on the sparrow"
 

 

wrens world,greeting
        cards,lake applet,snow applet,fade applet,java applet,java,greeting
        cards,e-cards,personalize,personalized greeting cards,love,friend,holiday,family,children,mother,father,sister,brother,grandchildren,angels,poems,original
        poem,native american,native american,student,student
        rights,midi files,kids,safe,games,tribute,memorial,fun,jokes,blonde,blond,christian,christ,jesus,lord,god,church,wren,nest,quips,quotes,seasonal,valentines,easter,july,4th,christmas,new
        years, fathers day,mothers day,thanksgiving,prayer,love,song lyrics,opportunity,wrensnest,wrenscitynest,wrensharbornest,wren's
        nest,wrensworld,tribute to mom,fonts,graphics,memorial,memorial

"his eye is on the sparrow, and i know he watches me."



heavenly greetings
city nest
harbornest
proud to be american
kid's branch
chapel
jail ministry
lupus in wrensworld


home page
contact us
what's new in wrensworld

frequently ask questions
awards-gifts-links





