










home - galesburg area chamber of commerce




























































 
 

















skip to content














 
join nowmember login





























facebook





linkedin





youtube






































menu 
homemembership membership benefits member directory join the chamber member map member loginabout us about us chamber leadership board of directors chamber team committees contact uswhat’s new member news business resources job postings deals & adsevents chamber events community events








 






















                                green generic                            













                                sponsorship menu                            














                                health insurance                            














                                welcome new board members                            














                                ribbon cuttings                            






next
previous

















welcome to the galesburg area chamber of commerce






supporting the economic vitality and development of the region by promoting the health and growth of business.

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				








					deals & ads				






















mark your calendar


















view all events

























learn more













 
membership benefits 
membership benefits include access to a vibrant network of local businesses, exclusive promotional opportunities, and valuable resources to help your business thrive.
learn more 

















 
meet the team 
pam and natalie are dedicated to the success of galesburg area chamber of commerce, and focused on working for you.
learn more 



















become a member
 
ready to join?
let’s schedule an in-person meeting by calling 309-343-1194!
you can access our online membership application below.







join today



















the


e-newsletter!








monthly e-newsletter subscription
our monthly newsletter features all the latest small business news, chamber member updates, legislative information, and lots of free member benefits! the e-newsletter will arrive in your inbox every first friday of each month.






subscribe today!





















 








2024 chamber year in review


					february 17, 2025				


check out the review of our 2024 work and results!
read more



 








harnessing tiktok’s engagement magic


					february 7, 2025				


why building a castle on the sand is not always a bad thing tiktok has been likened to the yukon—a vast wild place with enormous potential for engagement gold. but also, a potential dark side. that’s part of its allure and if you’re target market is under 40, you’re likely on it (or considering it).…
read more



 








decluttering for greater productivity 


					january 6, 2025				


the new year often brings a renewed focus on fresh starts and improved efficiency. many of us are wondering how we might earn more, be more productive, and enjoy a better work/life balance. but as you’re committing to goals for the new year, consider that what your business may need is some decluttering. it’s time to…
read more



 








4 tasks to make you a more intentional leader


					december 19, 2024				


whether you are starting your own business or reporting to someone else, you can be the leader you want to be with just a few changes to your weekly routine. all it takes is a little awareness. before we get into the routines you can incorporate into your week, it’s important to understand that it…
read more














 












© 2025 galesburg area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












helping your business succeed


























galesburg area chamber of commerce










200 e main st., suite 200, galesburg il 61401 










309.343.1194 













chamber@galesburg.org 










contact us




contact us form 










facebook





linkedin





youtube



















 © 2025 galesburg area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















