home gyms and prospot fitness, free weight equipment, commercial fitness, infrared saunas, fitness equipment
all about fitness-best prices on treadmills, home gyms, exercise equipment.you still have time to get our hottest machines "on sale".  just pick up the phone and give us a call 843-636-3833.  one of our hottest product is the prospot fitness hg 6 home gym and our infrared saunas.  our 28 years in the business will help guide you to that better body you are looking for.   treadmillsfree weight fitness equipmentexercise & indoorbikes elliptical trainerssaunas & steam rooms 843-636-3833 843-636-3833 843-636-3833 commercial fitnessrowers for fitnessbodycraft home gymsbroadcasting systems  fitness steppers remanufactured&used fitness"tell-a-friend"programequipment packagestreadmill - reviews  -ellipticalexercise bikeson sale today refund policysitemaphelpful links: jump to fitness click hereorder now/call now843-636-3833we are here (24hr/7)no taxes added to your bill from any state**.  nothing extra added to your bill everall about fitness brings wholesale prices to our customers.  what will you do with the money you saved! customer service: servicetech. assistance: supportordering: ordering cover you new purchase with one of our extended warrantiesat all about fitness we pride ourselves on knowing our fitness equipment.  some call it exercise equipment.  fitness equipment consist of  exercise items like, treadmill, elliptical trainers, exercise bikes, lifecycles, rowers, weight lifting equipment, sauna, infrared saunas, home gyms, fitness steppers, exercise balls, free weights, commercial fitness equipment and cardio theater. fitness equipment is used to better the health of an individual.  treadmills are used to walking and running.  the fitnex t60 treadmill is among the best treadmills. treadmills for walking cost a little less than those built for running. fitness equipment and exercise equipment also include home gyms like bodycraft x4, bodycraft k-1, bodycraft xpress, bodycraft galena.  fitness equipment and exercise equipment includes infrared saunas, which can be used for many different fitness needs.  infrared saunas are used for after work out cool downs.  infrared saunas are used for many different types of illness.   if you are building a health club , wellness center, apartment club ,house, condo club house, golf resort, government facility just call us 843-636-3833.  remember we also carry the nustep, scifit recumbent stepper.  the st fitness line from star trac fitness, make some of the best exercise bikes and recumbent cycles in n the fitness industry.  star trac fitness has been making elliptical trainers and recumbent elliptical trainers for the home as well.  all about fitness has the only  consumer reviews available live on the web.  click here to review them treadmill - reviews - elliptical - reviews - exercise bikes- reviews.  fitness is not responsible for any typographical or information mistakes found through this website. we will always make every attempted to correct mistakes brought to our attention.  our websites are always getting upgraded and changed.  thank you all about fitness inc. ** taxes will have to added in the state of ga since that is the state in which our business is located. home testimonials mission statement search news refund policy all about fitness, inc  treadmillselliptical trainershome gymscardio theatercommercial fitnessrowersexercise bikessaunassteppersaccessories