























home | sedalia democrat


















































   
            tuesday, february 18, 2025          



 log in

                e-edition              

                newsletter sign up              



                subscribe
              

























toggle navigation





              main menu
            


















                        news                         







city & county


business


education


arts & entertainment


election


health


community


milestones


police & crash reports


20 under 40



city & county


business


education


arts & entertainment


election


health


community


milestones


police & crash reports


20 under 40






                        sports                         







state fair community college


smith-cotton


kaysinger conference



state fair community college


smith-cotton


kaysinger conference






                        obituaries                                              









                        opinion                                              









                        e-edition                                              









                        special sections                                              









                        puzzles                                              









                        marketplace                         







shop the classifieds


place an ad


legal notices


statewide legal notices


digital marketing



shop the classifieds


place an ad


legal notices


statewide legal notices


digital marketing






                        contact us                         







about us


change of address


delivery issues


vacation stop


pay your subscription



about us


change of address


delivery issues


vacation stop


pay your subscription






                        subscribe                                              












 log in
























top stories





rough quarter dooms smith-cotton girls in loss to helias catholic













						smith-cotton girls basketball had about as good of a first quarter as it could have asked for against helias catholic on monday, feb. 17.					



shoppers on a mission to prepare for expected winter storm













						with frigid temperatures and as much as eight inches of snow predicted, family center farm & home, 1400 south limit, store manager scott applegate is prepared for customers looking to stock up for the week's frigid weather.					



weather alerts in place for cold, snowy conditions













						pettis county is under numerous weather alerts for the week, according to the national weather service in pleasant hill.					



sedalia australian shepherd receives best in breed at westminster dog show













						a sedalia australian shepherd received best of breed at the 149th annual westminster kennel club dog show, which was held feb. 8, feb. 10 and feb. 10-11, in new york city.					



state fair women earn win no. 20













						state fair community college women’s basketball picked up its 20th win of the season by defeating moberly area community college 74-49 on saturday, feb. 15, in moberly.					











 
						police reports for feb. 19					
 
					sedalia police department				






 
						crash reports for feb. 19					
 
					two transported after morgan county head-on accident				







 
						missouri house debate shows gop split over bill to protect pesticide makers					
 
					a bill to protect one of the world’s largest chemical companies from charges it didn’t warn customers that one of its most popular products causes cancer won first-round approval tuesday in the missouri house.				







 
						missouri senators propose tax credit for homeschool, private school families					
 
					missouri’s homeschool families and those enrolled in private schools could receive a tax credit for their educational expenses under legislation debated tuesday by the senate education committee.				




 
						missouri house moves forward on banning state dei programs					
 
					a bill prohibiting missouri agencies from spending money on diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives was given initial house approval monday evening.				




 








advanced search














to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video


sedalia democrat post-game show: gremlins, lady mustangs win kaysinger conference tournament championships
sacred heart boys basketball players max van leer and conner brown join host jack denebeim on the sedalia democrat post-game show to share their thoughts on the gremlins' 38-35 win over lincoln in  …










































							how to setup digital access if you’re a print subscriber						














 







 









 


tuesday, february 18, 2025


view this issue



											browse other issues
									

 






 


plainsman - feb. 12, 2025


view this issue



											more special sections
									

 






						today's weather forecast sponsored by					




















 











						local news					





























						west fifth street fire leaves victims suffering from smoke inhalation and suddenly homeless					


					just after 11 p.m. monday, feb. 18, sedalia fire department crews were dispatched to a confirmed house fire in the 900 block of west fifth st.				








						smithton students celebrate fbla district 10 leadership conference					


					smithton fbla chapter, along with chapters from 30 other school districts, attended the 2025 fbla district 10 leadership conference on thursday, february 6. over 820 students and advisers gathered at the host facility university of central missouri in warrensburg. students spent the day learning from workshop presenters, competing in competitive events and celebrating their achievements. fbla members competed in over sixty events ranging from accounting and agribusiness to social media strategies and ux design.				








						firefighter matt kowalski follows grandfather's footsteps to a career at sedalia fire department					


					sedalia firefighter matt kowalski was raised in sedalia listening to his grandfather joe kowalski's stories of being a sedalia fire department fireman for 30 years.				








						2026 fifa world cup could bring impact to region					


					warrensburg - with under 500 days until kickoff of the 2026 fifa world cup, host cities like kansas city are preparing to welcome a surge of fans and excitement only the world’s game can bring.				








						crash reports for feb. 18					


					california teen hurt in morgan county mishap				





			more news			











police reports for feb. 15




crash reports for feb. 15




missouri clinics will ‘immediately’ offer abortion across the state after judge’s ruling




missouri house bill targets republican judge in cole county over controversial rulings




missouri republicans continue push to bar state funding of diversity, equity and inclusion




gop legislator pushes tax hike on missouri farmland used for renewable energy



 






































						local sports					








facebook




















prep scoreboard: smith-cotton boys take down boonville




							smith-cotton boys basketball defeated boonville 62-44 on friday, feb. 14, at boonville high school.						







							state fair baseball splits opening games						


						state fair community college baseball opened its season with a 3-0 win over dallas college - brookhaven on friday, feb. 14, in texas.					







								lincoln boys, stover girls win kaysinger junior high tournament							







								state fair men lose fourth straight							


							state fair community college men’s basketball lost to no. 13 moberly area community college 99-62 on  …						




								smith-cotton girls wrestling trio qualifies for state; drenon, zeller clinch spots							


							three smith-cotton girls wrestlers punched their ticket to state during the class 2 district 3 tournament  …						








								sacred heart boys can’t find shots down stretch against halfway							


							there was no shortage of friction between sacred heart boys basketball and halfway on saturday,  …						




								s-c, sacred heart girls swim and dive teams compete at ilcs							


							members of the smith-cotton and sacred heart girls swim and dive teams competed in the independent  …						




								area roundup: smith-cotton girls earn win no. 15							


							smith-cotton girls basketball surpassed its win total from all of last season with its most recent  …						






				more sports				


 


















						in the community					












 









education






photos: cavanagh, ballance crowned smith-cotton courtwarming royalty









kruse earns district-level belcher scholarship
smith-cotton senior masyn kruse was selected as the recipient of the sedalia 200 district-level john t. belcher scholarship. kruse will receive $500 and moves on to the regional level of the statewide scholarship program, which is sponsored by the missouri school boards association.








scott joplin artist-in-residence adam swanson heats up the keys this week
dresden — 2025 scott joplin artist-in-residence adam swanson entertained dresden r-xii school district students monday, feb. 3, getting their toes tapping, legs jiggling and their fingers playing air piano.





			more education			






calendar of events












					tue				

					18				





					wed				

					19				





					thu				

					20				





					fri				

					21				





					sat				

					22				






 browse full calendar
		



 




business

huddle house brings all day breakfast to new temp stop diner




							a huddle house diner opened feb. 4 at the temp stop, 4575 south limit ave.						
















young sedalian's passion for fishing leads to jig tying business

							the central missouri ag expo was busy friday, feb. 7, with exhibitors showcasing equipment and products on the floor of the mathewson exhibition center.						









the prom dress store helps dreams come true

							for many high school students, prom is a magical evening—a night to dress up, dance, and create lasting memories. however, for some, the financial burden of purchasing a dress can overshadow the excitement.						









misty todd, md, receives physician specialty board certification

							dr. misty todd, a board-certified family medicine physician at bothwell regional health center, has met all requirements for additional board certification in family medicine obstetrics with surgical qualification through the board of certification in family medicine obstetrics (bcfmo), an affiliate of the american board of physician specialties (abps).						












photo: wear red for women donates two aeds to sacred heart








bothwell sleep center earns reaccreditation by aasm

							bothwell regional health center announces that bothwell sleep center has once again been accredited by the american academy of sleep medicine (aasm), a recognition of excellence that extends the center’s accreditation for another five years beginning february 2025. this milestone highlights the center’s continued dedication to delivering high-quality, patient-centered care for sleep disorders.						









photo: re/max of sedalia donates to katy trail community health








			more business news			


 










 






						from the opinion page					







columnists






						race, class and gender in 19th century sedalia					


					author’s note: much of the information in this article comes from michael cassity’s history of sedalia titled defending a way of life.				








						sea story					


					sometimes i like to go back to my navy days and write about something that happened when i was a young sailor.				








						obstructive sleep apnea: symptoms and treatments					


					as a physician living and practicing in sedalia, i am privileged to treat many patients in this city and surrounding communities. one of the areas of focus is sleep disorders. the most common sleep disorder i encounter is obstructive sleep apnea (osa), which is when the airway becomes partially or completely blocked during the night and can lead to pauses in breathing or shallow breathing.				





			more			











letters



letter: grateful for john wycliffe’s efforts




letter: veterans day events put on by smith-cotton jrotc, pettis county courthouse appreciated




letter: offering concerns about amendment 3




letter: does all of professional sports really support amendment 2?




letter: am i an enemy within?




letter: don't fall prey to misinformation




letter: democrat erred in publishing misrepresented cartoon




letter: responding to inaccurate political cartoon




offering a rebuttal to responses




forced birth is not the answer




letter: offering a response to published columns




traveling vietnam walls to visit missouri veterans home




memorial day flags are appreciated





			more letters			


 


















						special sections					


























































































































































































































































 





x











            111 w. fourth st.
            sedalia, mo
            phone: 660-826-1000
            email: news@sedaliademocrat.com














sections


                      news                    


                      sports                    


                      obituaries                    


                      opinion                    


                      e-edition                    


                      special sections                    


                      puzzles                    


                      marketplace                    


                      contact us                    


                      subscribe                    




links of interest


                      contact us                    


                      send us your news                    


                      shop the classifieds                    


                      place a classified ad                    


                      digital marketing                    


                      calendar of events                    


                      search                    


                      puzzles                    


                      sign up for newsletters                    




nearby news sites


warrensburg star-journal


bolivar herald-free press


buffalo reflex


cedar county republican


christian county headliner


the marshfield mail


west plains daily quill


harrison daily times


newton county times


the baxter bulletin


kirksville daily express


big nickel


nemo trader











          © copyright 2025 sedalia democrat
        

powered by creative circle media solutions










x
















 



