                    bob kanefsky's songworm site    bob kanefsky's web sitesearch for songs ~ essays ~ bookstore ~ c&h quizparodies ~ source songs ~ albums ~ songbooks ~ “victims”  songworm:  bob kanefsky's filk parodies  this site is a fairly complete collection of my parodies.i usually write parodies originalfilk songs by people in thefilk community, which is more fun because i can watch their reaction.occasionally i've parodied popand folk songs.this site exists primarily to make my parody lyrics and information availableto the people who are looking for them, including those who haveroundworm.use the words in the colored staves above to navigate.if you've stumbled across this site by accident, but are curious,you'll find only a few parodies here that are of songs you mightknow (although there's a button to help you find the original lyrics),but it might help to look at songs taggedwith pop and with topics that interest you.or you can listen to some of my parodies online atmp3.com/songworm.  i'm told some of them are still funny even if youdon't know the originals.how to find something on this site:you can:  look up parodies by title      if you happen to know the title.  see whether i've parodied     songs you know.  do an instant search of either of those  find out what i've parodied by      your favorite songwriter or performer.  look through tapes and cds you own      and see if they have songs that i've parodied.  use this search box (to find anything but recently added pages): loading google search box...     check the what's new page listing the most recent songs i've parodied.    many of my parodies of filk songs and have been recorded(often by the original filk songwriters) on a slick studio cd calledroundworm, which is nowfor sale online.other parodies have appeared on various tapes from conventionswhere someone sang them in a concert.the tapeworm series is out of print, but will be rereleased soon(probably during the 21st century) as a flatworm cd set.  non-music stuff    the three planetsa creation myth for grownups and kids.  (sort of a "three bears" parody).    try my calvin and hobbes non-trivia quiz.  updated june 2001.  bob kanefsky ~      