





ritecode.com – medical billing coding consultants




































 















skip to content




ritecode.com
medical billing coding consultants






menu



homeabout us
contact us
ritecode news
services
training manuals

ultimate compendium













welcome to ritecode.com 

ritecode.com is a national, medical coding, training and consulting firm. we set up our first web site in 1997! we have been in business for 34 years.
since then we have helped thousands of coders become certified and taught hundreds of classes, online, as webinars and live seminars in dozens of cities, nationwide. we are no longer selling coding prep course or individual coding exam questions (you can buy all of them below).
ritecode.com is winding down operations as the principal owner plans for retirement. he is currently working on two separate consulting projects with their associated websites. all the information if free, and while, very niche and technical, a good  glimpse into the world of coding and billing consulting and worth an hour or two of your time.
www.ioectr.com
www.lipoforlipedemareimbursement.com
our the ultimate compendium of coding, billing, and documentation advice for primary care (2020 edition) is still available. you can purchase it from us or on amazon.com [link] 
if you are interested in ritecode.com intellectual property from nearly 35 years of consulting we are offering all our sample test quiz questions (as is) (over 3,500) for $1,000
we are also selling dozens of powerpoint presentations, representing thousands of hours of work plus 35 years experience consulting for an additional $1,000.
these are non-exclusive, as-is sales. most all of the information will need to be updated. we updated the questions in 2020 but not for 2021. some are the presentations are 5-10 years old.
expect to spend several months reviewing and updating the information. for the right person, the information will turbo-charge your consulting career by several years–maybe even a decade. 
our specialty is icd-10, cpt, hcpcs outpatient (physician) coding for the cms-1500 form. since 1992, our certified coding consultants have taught hundreds of coding classes and conducted over 10,000 chart audits.
contact us at 901-517-1705 or:
ritecode at gmail.com for more information.

 











recent posts


comprehensive coding certification preparation course


recent commentsarchives

april 2019

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

ritecode.com7204 deventer cove  memphis tn 38133







					ritecode.com                

                 all rights reserved                
                










