



army of god  
















 












"...thou hast slain my children..."ezekiel 16:21
































   army of god...he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment and buy one. luke 22:36





 anyone who supports abortion has the blood of unborn babies on their hands. lamentations 2:19arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of the watches pour out thine heart like water before the face of the lord: lift up thy hands toward him for the life of thy young children jeremiah 9:1oh that my head were waters, and mine eyes a fountain of tears, that i might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people!psalm 94:16 who will rise up for me against the evildoers? or who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity?






































oh that my head were waters, and mine eyes a fountain of tears, that i might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people!  jeremiah 9:1 

























eric rudolph's new book,a time of war:is armed resistance to abortion morally justified?ecclesiastes 3:8 - a time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.eric rudolph's authorized  homepage






















"...the land is full of blood..."ezekiel 9:9
























in defense of othersa biblical analysis and apologetic on the use of force to save human lifeby cathy rameypage 1 of in defense of otherspage 2 of in defense of otherspage 3 of in defense of othersfor defense of others in pdf click here.












_________________________________american hero scott roeder















 george tiller would normally murder between 10 and 30 children each day. 


 scott roeder index pagepsalm 55:15 let death seize upon them, and let them go down quick into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them.

























how many unborn children scheduled to be murdered by george tiller were spared by the action of american hero scott roeder?a very large number.george tiller, the babykiller, reaped what he sowed.


now george tiller will never murder another child















 


american hero scott roeder click here. babykiller george tiller click here.psalm 106:37,38 yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto devils and shed innocent blood, even the blood of their sons and of their daughters ...


























racism (racism page first published april, 2001 ad and has been up non-stop since.)   wayback machine













honoring heroes who stood up for the unborn




























paul jennings hill 


the authorized paul hill homepagepaul hill links pagepaul hill's book, mix my blood with the blood of the unborn, now on lineluke 9:62 and jesus said unto him, no man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of god.


 hebrews 11:38 of whom the world was not worthy. john 12: 24 verily, verily, i say unto you, except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.












anti-abortion prisonersincarcerated for saving the lives of unborn children. 






















scott roeder homepage


 john brockhoeft's prison letters












rev michael bray homepage


anti-abortion heroes of the faithleviticus 20:1-5[1] and the lord spake unto moses, saying,[2] again, thou shalt say to the children of israel, whosoever he be of the children of israel, or of the strangers that sojourn in israel, that giveth any of his seed unto molech; he shall surely be put to death: the people of the land shall stone him with stones.[3] and i will set my face against that man, and will cut him off from among his people; because he hath given of his seed unto molech, to defile my sanctuary, and to profane my holy name.[4] and if the people of the land do any ways hide their eyes from the man, when he giveth of his seed unto molech, and kill him not:[5] then i will set my face against that man, and against his family, and will cut him off, and all that go a whoring after him, to commit whoredom with molech, from among their people.












 birth control is evilgenesis 1:28and god blessed them, and god said unto them,be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth...army of god manual jeremiah 48:10cursed be he that doeth the work of the lord deceitfully, and cursed be he that keepeth back his sword from blood.    















racism


"we do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the negro population."margaret sanger: founder of planned parenthood.psalm 139:19surely thou wilt slay the wicked, o god: depart from me therefore, ye bloody men.












 ezekiel 13:19and will ye pollute me among my people for handfuls of barley and for pieces of bread, to slay the souls that should not die, and to save the souls alive that should not live, by your lying to my people that hear your lies?department of justice persecutes anti-abortionists












what to do when officer friendly comes a callingpsalm 58:10the righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance: he shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked.revelation 21:8but the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable,and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.a message for you



































numbers 35:33 so ye shall not pollute the land wherein ye are:for blood it defileth the land: and the land cannot be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein, but by the blood of him that shed it.



































video -  the hard truth












genesis 9:6whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of god made he man.john 3:16for god so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.mark 8:36for what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?












archivesarchive of links - page 1   archive of links - page 2 archive of links - page 3archive of links - page 4












 contact informatione-mail: brotherdonaldspitz@gmail.comphone: 757-685-1566   rev. donald spitzpro-life virginia  ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin.  hebrews 12:4








