

folkmusic dot org










 








search this site only:






or the whole internet












welcome to "folkmusic.org", the most
comprehensive source for folk and acoustic music resources on the world 
wide web.
 


whether you're a songwriter, singer, fan or venue host -- we aim to provide the information you need to be better 
at what you do.  if we don't provide it on our pages here, you can travel the links provided to visit our 
friends. we offer several free discussion lists dedicated to folk music, including the ten-year-old folkmusic listener
list that has helped create the buzz about many excellent independent artists. this list was founded nearly ten years 
ago (get ready for our birthday party!) and has led to spin-off lists 
like folkbiz, 
folkvenu, 
folkdj-l; all night song circles under 
the big orange tarp;
educational programing at various festivals, conferences, and song schools;
the folktrain transcontinental rail trip in feb 2001; and more. 


live acoustic and folk music is our passion. we want to revolutionize the way people think about, experience, 
and relate to music. 


in the past this site and the discussion lists were launched, updated and maintained by the grace and generosity 
of many dedicated volunteers. while great work has been done, it can be said that we've reached a plateau of sorts. 
this year, we joined with some dedicated friends of folkmusic to make the dream live on. we obtained our non-profit 
organization status with the help of folk alliance and voila! we're here to serve. 
our mission is:


to increase the visibility and popularity of live music; 
to create and provide tools and support to help musicians hone their business, marketing, creative, and performance skills; 
and to create, expand, and enhance live performance opportunities. 


over the next few months, we'll be organizing to be better at what we do so you can be better at what you do. 
we'll be livening up the discussion lists, adding more valuable tutorials to our website and linking with new 
friends on the web. and you'll be able to help us. here's how.


so whether it's your first time here, or your trillionth, stick around for a few minutes 
and check out what we have to offer book-marked as one of your favorites. 


yours in harmony, 
alan rowoth - lead evangelist and president of the board	
fmeducates! 2002

the board and volunteers of folkmusic.org would like to extend a very special thank you
to the stone foundation for supporting this pilot project. part one of the project is to
enhance the business/education opportunities for performing songwriters by directly
partnering with the hosts of professional development conferences. in addition,
folkmusic.org is committed to expanding the number of songwriter residencies available
to children. this would build a new, younger audience for performing songwriters and
impress upon students that they can be creators, rather than just consumers, of the magic
we call music.


interested? take a look at the grant guidelines.


http://www.folkmusic.org/
last modified: monday 15 apr 2002




