





rico printing and packaging





































 gallery 









toggle navigation








home
about us
product applications
gallery
contact us






request quote











our aspiration is to be yours preferred supplier.
established in the year 1981 in nagpur (maharashtra).

about us
explore










all these years, our different services have delivered long lasting innovation.
our vision is to be among the leaders of the flexible packaging industry in india and to consistently grow our presence in the domestic and international markets.

about us
explore










all these years, our different services have delivered long lasting innovation.
our mission is to consistently supply flexible packaging solution as required by our customers and to meet up with their satisfaction.

about us
explore










adhesive lamination
2 lamination machines from m/s. expert industries option for both solvent based and solvent free lamination width up to 1320mm.

about us
explore










rotogravure printing
printing machine from expert industries (bangalore) printing up to 8 colours auto registration control web video and defect detection system turner bar to print on surface and reverse combination at a time printing width: up to 1200mm repeat width: up to 1000mm.

about us
explore










polyethylene film
4 blown film machines including 2 from rajoo engineers with an option up to 5 layers installed capacity of over 450 mt per month thickness from 18 to 180 microns auto guage controller for thickness control.

about us
explore














about us
our aspiration is to be yours preferred supplier.


established in the year 1981 in nagpur (maharashtra), the arun group of industries is family owned industrial group in india, with diverse business operations in flexible packaging, poly bags, shopping bags, shrink, stretch and speciality films, laminated and pharmaceuticals.

                                        the group combines of 3 companies, namely rico printing and packaging, polypet flexible packaging pvt. ltd and grip tight shrink films pvt. ltd. today group employs over 200 staff with a combine sale of 70 crores.   
                                    

read more







our vision & mission
all these years, our different services have delivered long lasting innovation




                                            vision
                                        

                                            our vision is to be among the leaders of the flexible packaging industry in india and to consistently grow our presence in the domestic and international markets
                                        



                                            mission
                                        

                                            our mission is to consistently supply flexible packaging solution as required by our customers and to meet up with their satisfaction.
                                        




 







                                                m/s. rico printing and packaging
                                            







it was formerly known as arun laminates, one of the leading manufacturers of laminated films materials in india, currently serving with its 70% capacity at a production of 2100 metric tons per annum.

installed capacity of 3000 mt per annum
best-in-class production facilities incorporating latest technologies
08 colour roto-gravure printing machines from expert industries (bangalore), with contemporary features like auto-registration, web-video, defect detection system and reverse station option.
solventless lamination machines from expert industries
world renowned quality testing equipment’s
a reputed clientele across all industries







m/s. polypet flexible packaging pvt. ltd.







engaged to manufacture multilayer ldpe high barrier film for lamination and pouches with or without printing of upto 08 colour. some of the products includes barrier film nylon and e.v.o.h, milk and water pouch film etc.

installed capacity of 6600 mt per annum
installed and commissioned the state-of-art multilayer co-extrusion plant, having windsor and rajoo engineers production lines.
equipped with plast control germany, to produce high quality barrier film.
capable to produce tailor made product with very low gauge variation within the limit of + 4 microns.







m/s. grip tight shrink films pvt. ltd.







having a plot area of 3000 sq. mtrs. and constructed area around 2300 sq. mtrs, centrally air-cooled plant having modern technology and machineries to produce 650 m.t. high quality pvc shrink film per annum.

installed a massive, 08 nos of pvc blown shrink film extruders
occupying 05 printing machines to serve massive demands of industry.
can produce pvc film from 20 microns to 200 microns, with a choice of 200mm to 800mm film width size












why us :



                                    we are a group combines of 3 companies, namely rico printing and packaging, polypet flexible packaging pvt. ltd and grip tight shrink films pvt. ltd. today group employs over 200 staff with a combine sale of 70 crores.
                                

                                    we provide all services and products as required. most of them are rotogravure printing, adhesive lamination, polyethylene film and pouching.
                                
read more









rotogravure printing

                                            printing machine from expert industries (bangalore)
                                            printing up to 8 colours
                                            auto registration control
                                            web video and defect detection system
                                            turner bar to print on surface and reverse combination at a time
                                            printing width: up to 1200mm
                                            repeat width: up to 1000mm
                                        







adhesive lamination

                                            2 lamination machines from m/s. expert industries
                                            option for both solvent based and solvent free lamination 
                                            width up to 1320mm
                                        








polyethylene film
4 blown film machines including 2 from rajoo engineers
                                            with an option up to 5 layers
                                            installed capacity of over 450 mt per month
                                            thickness from 18 to 180 microns
                                            auto guage controller for thickness control
                                        







pouching

                                            bag making machines
                                            types include 3 side seal, quad seal
                                            options like k seal, zipper, fin seal, tear notch, euro hole, d cut, degassing value, spout, shaped, soft corner, handle etc.
                                        







packaging solutions for various applications :





















contact


for any kind of query, contact us with the details below.


+91 7104690047


info@ricopackaging.com



                                            rico printing and packaging.
                                            address : m-2, industrial area midc, hingna road, nagpur - 440016, maharashtra, india.
                                        






request a quote



































 -- select type of product* -- 
printed laminated films
5 layer barrier / oil films
other












 please wait while we are submitting your details....







 
 







gallery :



























































































 






















