



      b&o railroad historical society-books, models, maps, photos, digital magazine
    















































				email  webmaster for questions or comments about our website.

please do not comment that the site is outdated. we know and are working on it.
				


our products


archives, research

research on b&o history


						(the) b&o modeler magazine

articles on modeling the b&o, by buying, assembling, weathering. submit your article for publication. 


annual calendar

including how to always get one


company store

books, maps, models, hats & misc merchandise, b&o historical documents - also make donations or pay membership renewal and registrations
		                	


						(the) sentinel magazine

about the b&o, history, including sample pages and delivery options


esentinel magazine

electronic version of our magazine

our society

about us

a bit of our history, our by laws, and more


our location

a map of where we are
aphoto collage of our building


our points of contact


including officers and directors 

membership

join borhs, update your  address

our application form
                			

                			join through our company store website 
							(see membership faq and follow instructions)
                			

                			change your address by email


see us on facebook

the b&o railroad historical society on facebook


b&o discussion group

information exchange on groups.io 


b&o rr employee records

possible sources


society events
					click the headings below to see the events page for more information
					


2025 society annual convention

  the annual convention was held from october 2 to 5 in martinsburg wv.  






2025 western (ohio) mini-con

the ohio mini-con will be held saturday may 3 in bellaire oh.  
							 the registration form includes details.
							
                     
                   register




2025 eastern mini-con

the eastern mini-con will be held on july 19 at our eldersburg md headquarters building. 








2025 flea market/silent auction

. this event will be held at eldersburg md, in the b&o rr historical society building, in november at a date to be anounced.





2025 model train display


this event will be held at eldersburg md, at the b&o rr historical society building, december 13 and 14 from 9:30 to 4. 







						the borhs headquarters building and archives is located at 5745 bartholow road in eldersburg (sykesville) md 21784.
						
                  	want to help?


donations to the society

help us finance our building and research needs


our research team

research on b&o history


other railroad links

other railroad sites

notify webmaster of broken links or recommended b&o site we should add




welcome to the baltimore & ohio railroad historical society









updates as of february 1, 2025 (see * below.)

message from the archives

fellow historians of the b&o:

the baltimore and ohio railroad historical society is open for researchers on most thursdays from 9:00 to 3:30 with prior notification to   with your desired date.  address: 5745 bartholow road, eldersburg, maryland 21784. another day may be considered upon approval by the president.

the archives will be open for volunteers and visitors, weather permitting, every thursday this year except for the week of the annual convention (october 2, 2025 *), thanksgiving, and the week between christmas and new year's day.


greg smith, president






for more information about the society, see about us
 the society is dedicated to the preservation of and education about the history of america’s first common carrier railroad, the baltimore & ohio. the society has members all over the world across a variety of railroad interests from modeling to research to preservation.

the society maintains a large archive of documentation from the office of the vice president of operations and engineering from the b&o railroad. we are also the custodians of numerous photographs and other items of research. we publish our findings through our company store whenever we feel it is helpful to do so. our archives area is open one weekend a month to facilitate members who wish to pursue their b&o research efforts. the society also publishes a quarterly magazine, the sentinel, which can be delivered through the mail in hard copy format or digitally downloaded from our web. members can also choose to receive both the copy through the mail as well as the digital download edition for an additional fee. each year, the society also holds a major conference and two mini-conferences. 
the b&o railroad historical society is always welcoming new members. we have two levels of individual membership—regular and sustaining. regular members get a year of our quarterly journal, the sentinel. sustaining members get a year of our journal and our annual calendar, which is mostly in color. note that you must be at the sustaining level of membership on september 30 to receive the next year's calendar free; otherwise you will be on the list for the year after. all levels of individual members enjoy discounts with our company store and the privilege to attend our annual convention and mini-conferences. become a member or check out the membership link on the left for more information. there is a web based membership application form available on the linked page. 
read about our history and a brief history of the b&o or investigate the our society area on the left. we would also suggest that you look at the wealth of baltimore and ohio railroad historical information that is available through the many articles written for our quarterly magazine, the sentinel. these magazines contain a wealth of information about the b&o and the railroad's early beginnings. the company store still has a few back issues available for sale to the public in magazine format, some going back to 1990. there are also three cd's available for sale that contain copies of virtually every sentinel magazine printed since inception of the baltimore and ohio railroad historical society through cy 2009. these magazine files are in "pdf" format.
the society is also active in the development of new models that accurately represent an item of equipment that ran on the b&o during its existence. if anyone, whether it be a commercial entity or an individual with an idea that has a clear path to production, with recommended vendor, of a b&o product, please contact our chairman, b&o modeling committee. please see our contacts button in the navigation bar above for a listing of society contacts, including the chairman, b&o modeling committee.
easy way to change your address
members can change their mailing address by email if they want to save postage and for added convenience. did you know that you can also change your email address by using the same method? keeping a current email address on file is important as it is a quick way to check with you if there is a question on a company store order, a renewal, or for any other issue that may arise. we recognize that people move, and that may also mean that your email address changes as well. so in addition to sending in your mailing address by email, please let us know if your email address will be changing as well. to send in any changes, please click on the following link and don't forget to include your member number.
 click here to let us know your new mailing and/or email address.

sentinel delivery options
we have different ways you can receive your quarterly magazine, the sentinel. you can receive your copy the traditional way by printed copy through the postal service, or you can opt for a digital copy in place of the printed one. you can also opt for both methods of delivery for an additional fee of $10.00. to find out more about your delivery options for the sentinel, go to our sentinel link. 
baltimore & ohio railroad historical society art website
the society has an agreement with the fineartamerica.com website to sell baltimore & ohio railroad artwork on a multitude of items ranging from clothing, coffee mugs, beach towels, tote bags, and many more. perfect for gifts to anyone interested in railroading, present or past. take a look at what is offered at this unique art website.

donations to our historical society are really appreciated
the baltimore and ohio railroad historical society needs your donations for programs that are beyond the budget covered by our membership dues and our company store sales. examples of programs that are made possible by your donations include archives acquisitions and entry into the catalog, building maintenance, and outreach programs to inform the public about the b&o railroad. please go to our  donations page to see the programs that need your help.



check our company store for items for sale, updates,  and other information.









  become a fan on facebook


  join the discussion on the b&o group

		on groups.io, the group name is baltimoreandohiorailroadlist
						  


























this page was last modified on: 






<>


