
























		crista ministries |
		a family of ministries	















































 

















about

who we are
our history
our impact
accountability
crista leadership
crista news


employment
get involved

volunteer


donate

where most needed
matching gifts
planned giving & securities


explore

see videos
listen live
mobile app


contact
   
 













celebrating 75 years of crista ministries
pursuing the lord’s call to serve the needs of the world with the gospel of jesus christ through the crista family of ministries
learn more





celebrating 75 years of crista ministries
pursuing the lord’s call to serve the needs of the world with the gospel of jesus christ through the crista family of ministries
learn more





                        crista camps
                    



                        crista media
                    



                        crista senior living
                    



                        king's schools
                    



                        world concern
                    























crista camps
part of the crista family since 1962
crista camps is transforming lives through joyful, character-building camp experiences.
set in the stunning forests on the west side of puget sound, crista camps brings fun and adventure to the young and young-at-heart. our award winning property at miracle ranch welcomes campers with a one-of-a-kind experience, connecting them with nature.
crista camp’s focus has been and continues to be creating an environment committed to challenging campers to grow spiritually and to build relationships with friends, counselors, and their creator in a beautiful, outdoor, adventure-filled environment.
cristacamps.org








crista media
part of the crista family since 1954
crista media is providing encouragement and hope through uplifting music and messages. they send this message of hope and encouragement through three radio stations: spirit 105.3 and 630 kcis in seattle, and praise 106.5 in bellingham. in addition, you’ll find their multi-market hd radio music services lift radio and quiet time radio.


spirit1053.com
kcisradio.com
praise1065.com


liftradio.org
purposely.com
quiettimeradio.com


allmomdoes.com










crista senior living
part of the crista family since 1949
crista senior living is bringing joy and purpose to the lives of seniors through a community like no other. providing an environment filled with genuine care is their passion and mission. they are jesus’ hands and feet to the men and women entrusted to their care.
the heart of crista senior living is the people who live there—over 600 residents in our two retirement communities in shoreline and silverdale. they offer the full spectrum of care through residential apartments and an assisted living. crista senior living provides a full range of services and activities, along with unique opportunities to volunteer in ministry and interact with the children and youth on an intergenerational campus.
cristaseniorliving.org









king's schools
part of the crista family since 1949
king’s schools serves students preschool through 12th grade, providing an inspiring and exemplary christian education in a spiritually vital, caring community. king’s schools has built a foundation of academic excellence, christian commitment, a caring community and a rich heritage on which each student can stand.
king’s schools works each school day to prepare students for college and for lives committed to excellence for christ. their rigorous academic curriculum, broad range of elective choices, student involvement in community-service projects and extracurricular activities are all designed to achieve that goal.
each teacher, each day, is inspiring hearts and equipping minds to serve god for his glory.
kingsschools.org








world concern
part of the crista family since 1970
world concern works intimately with communities in some of the most neglected regions of the world. they strive to abolish the core causes of poverty and emphasize livelihood training, literacy and education. they establish beacons of hope in these communities: clean water, food, education and disaster assistance.
world concern’s expertise lies in strengthening impoverished peoples. when the poor are given opportunities—through education, small business/agricultural training programs and microloans to start small businesses—their families flourish and the entire community regains hope and stability.
world concern wants to do more than help with food and shelter. they want to give people the tools and skills to sustain their lives—and do it all with the compassion and love of jesus christ.
worldconcern.org





 









 
join the miracle horse club






 
discover king's schools






 
listen live to a crista media station!






 
experience crista senior living






 
get involved with world concern






 
we are crista



























privacy policy


contribution disclosure



© crista ministries 2025. all rights reserved.



























