































    language liaison
  









              

 
    home



  programs



  contact












    
 





       outstanding foreign language programs for professionals. immersive. flexible. proven


   outstanding foreign language programs for professionals. immersive. flexible. proven


   outstanding foreign language programs for professionals. immersive. flexible. proven


    


  


 duns: 825854586cage code: 8nph8naics: 611630  541930  611730 capabilities statement
duns: 825854586cage code: 8nph8naics: 611630    541930    611710

capabilities statement



   why language liaison 
unparalleled experience. the most powerful programs. custom crafted to each and every client. true concierge service. proven results, time and again.  call now and create a custom crafted language program that's perfect for you 



   


 
private or small groups the two programs language liaison provides offer flexibility with excellent outcomes. each program is always customized for each client.
 


 
focused and powerful each customized program is designed for optimal effectiveness. you can have your program be as challenging as you choose, depending upon your need, speed, and availability.


   


 
unique approach we continue to be pioneers in this field. exploring new possibilities. researching, innovating, regularly adding new programs to give you the very best, most current and creative options available anywhere.
 


 
experienced professionals for over 30 years the language liaison staff are top professionals, true experts, delivering the most outstanding international language programs for fortune 100 companies and individual professionals throughout the world.


   

 

 proud supporters 
for 
over 12 years


   



   



   our programs 



   translation and interpretation 
"if you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. if you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart."   nelson mandelamilitary and government personnel have a critical need for foreign language familiarization and foreign cultural awareness. we can help! translation  - identifies, translates, and summarizes communications.transcreation - the art of successfully translating the nuance and emotion of a message.interpretation - the one chance to get the language right and convey the meaning. localization - beyond linguistic expertise - the ability to culturally adapt idioms, slang, and colloquialisms and appropriately convey in the target language.consecutive interpreting  - after each person speaks, their comment, question, or response is interpreted. simultaneous interpreting  - a most elite skill. this unique ability is shared by few.telephonic interpreting - multilingual translation over the phone.
 video remote interpreting (vri) - for professional real-time language access when on-site face to face interpreting is not possible or practical, ie. zoom, teleconferencing, sign language, and more.
    

contact us for details


 



   

 power immersion 
new 
| blended e-learning and immersionwith power immersion™, you will have an instructor assigned to you to be your personal tutor and coach. you will live with them and their family fully immersed in the language and culture of the foreign country, each day, all day. you will be totally isolated from your native tongue and completely immersed in the target language. you can enhance your program with trips, activities , lectures, and more.  blended 
power immersion makes it even even better! by adding an
e-learning to your program, you can begin your learning with the very same teacher you will be doing immersion training with before you even leave home. this provides ease & familiarity from the start. you will get comfortable with your future host/tutor’s teaching style and they with how you learn. the transition will be seamless upon arrival at your host family because you will already have been working together.upon your return home, you can continue learning with your same teacher. this will provide continuity & take your program to a new level. there is just a no more better way to learn a language. period.power immersion is offered internationally. recent graduates of
power immersion in japan were recognized and selected for the prestigious
mansfield fellowship . power immersion is perfect for the executive, military officer, or professional that requires the most effective language learning experience available delivering results like no other program available anywhere. you will experience language learning in a customized fully immersive, transformational program, that delivers outstanding and often extraordinary success.   

learn more




   professional group immersion 
new  | 
e-learningprivate or group e-learning. learn from a highly qualified teacher, getting the quality of language education you deserve from the comfort of your home (or nest). online private instruction is focused on you to bridge gaps of space and time to make sure that you can cross oceans and continents with a click of a button. learning a foreign language while experiencing another culture is one of the most exciting and rewarding things one can do for career development. our professional group immersion foreign language program delivers optimal results while also providing an inspiring once-in-a-lifetime experience. each program is customized to meet the needs of busy professionals. we recognize the need for flexibility and we provide it.let us know your specific needs and we'll provide you with creative possibilities designed for your personal success   

learn more


 



   what our clients are saying ... 



   

 
  


highly recommended! 
 “a superb, two-week, complete immersion program with an arab family in dubai. it was difficult and overwhelming. it was excellent! as an army foreign area officer, out of practice with my arabic, this immersion program was just what i needed to get back into the language and prepare for the dlpt. highly recommended!" jake d., army foreign area officer


   

 
  


the best, period. 
over the years we've worked with several foreign language programs. none of even compare with language liaison. the best programs period. ken p., toyota


   

 
  


great job.i sounded fluent! 
great job of systematically teaching grammar, listening, reading, writing, and speaking in class. additionally,  a private conversation class improved my speaking ability. the school was very good, but the homestay is what forced me to get out of my comfort zone and take risks conversationally. after my speech at the end of the program, i was approached by students who wanted to know how long i had studied there because i sounded fluent. air force captain


   

 
  


excellent results. 
with operations around the globe we need leaders and in the field experts to speak the local language and understand the local culture. the language liaison programs gave us excellent results, in language and in cultural knowledge. harold d., sr. vp, arco


    
      

    

button






    

    

button






    

    

button






    

    

button












    

mike mansfieldfellowship program
 recent achievement language liaison has programs all over the globe. one of these is a pioneering partnership with the us air force's leap initiative offering immersive language programs in asia. this year after participating in our power immersion program provided by leap, three us air force officer participants were chosen for a mansfield fellowship. we couldn't be more proud!for more information about the air force leap program click to see a brief video.


   
countries 
we offer programs in more than 30 countries. all courses are taught by certified, professional language instructors.


   

 - australia
- austria
- belgium
- brazil - canada
- chile - china - costa rica - cuba
- czech republic - denmark - egypt - finland
- france
- germany
- holland
- hungary
- ireland
 - italy - japan - malta
- monaco - new zealand
- norway
- poland- portugal - russia
- south america - spain
- sweden -
switzerland - turkey
- united arab emirates - uk - us - venezuela



   languages 
20 languages 
in more than 30 countries. what language do you want to learn?

  - english
- arabic 
- chinese - czech

 -
danish
-
dutch -
finnish -
french
 -
german -
hungarian -
italian -
japanese
 -
norwegian
-
polish -
portuguese
-
russian
 -
spanish -
swedish -
turkish


   

 founder 
language liaison® delivers for executives, officers, and professionals, the most effective foreign language programs across the globe. learning another language and understanding another culture can be one of the most valuable things you can ever do for your professional career development. language liaison® makes it possible and makes it easy with true concierge service. language liaison was founded in 1988 
by nancy forman, based on her own personal experiences 
trying to find a language immersion program. over the years nancy has consistently improved, expanded, and innovated the programs that we offer. she has become the recognized international leader in customized, immersive-style foreign language education for professionals. her reputation for delivering exceptional results are widely known, from the us army and air force, to toyota, ibm, sony and individuals from around the world.


   








      get started 
call us at310-922-7271 email us at 
info@languageliaison.com  contact us
   name

 phone

 email

 what language do you want to study?

 when?  how long?

 what country?

 what level?

 group immersion or customized power immersion

 how did you hear about us?




thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later

"nancy is an integral part of this operation and brings extensive experience to this program.  please work with her to get the best experience out of your immersion.” brian p.  - us air force     

 

 

 
























































































































  
  share by:








