







swallow creek ranch












































        
          
            swallow creek ranch
          
        
      




















































              weddings
            

            pricing 
          

            planning
          



            gallery
          

            our story 
          

            connect
          














































































weddingspricing planning





                
                  
                    swallow creek ranch
                  
                
              




galleryour story connect









scroll








 











swallow creek ranch offers a charming historic barn and stunning coastal views!special discount - save 20% off final 2025 datesbook july 19th or august 2nd & save $1400! *savings applies to weddings w/ <150 guests only









  

wedding and event spaces

 













the historic dairy barnadjacent to swallow creek sits an enchanting blue dairy barn. built in 1863 and crafted out of ancient redwood, the former heart of the dairy farm offers a great space to gather.















the sea view meadowthis cypress lined meadow, behind the dairy barn, includes sea views. it is also equipped with a stage making this creek side location a tranquil spot for a ceremony or cocktail hour.















the hilltop amphitheatrethe hilltop amphitheater presents a breathtaking natural backdrop for your ceremony with panoramic vistas that overlook the coastal terraces of estero bluffs state park. 

 






marry your best friend.






      
        book your tour today!
      
    


book your tour today!





              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email address
              
                *





              message
              
            







              preferred tour date:
              
                *




mm





dd





yyyy





              preferred event date:
              
            



mm





dd





yyyy





              approx guest count:
              
            
 25-50
 50-100
 100-150
 150-250






              how did you hear about us?
              
            

facebook
friends / family
google search
instagram
san luis obispo wedding vendors
the wedding wire
other







thank you, we’re so excited to connect and start chatting about your wedding!




    







swallow creek ranch offers a charming historic barn and stunning coastal views that provide the perfect backdrop for your celebration. 6030 ca-1, cayucos, ca, 93430, usa.
































































home



home - wedding and event spaces



home - marry your best friend



home-photos












hours




aboutconnectterms & policiesfind weddings-resources our story




©2019 swallow creek ranchthis site features many images from  preferred local vendors and  talented photographer’s, please inquire  to see our curated list!









