































ana business marketing  | ana














 













 chapter leader login



















 login
signup














toggle navigation








home
visit ana











about our local chapters
ana business marketing local chapters offer valuable networking and educational opportunities in your community. for more information see below or visit ana.net/b2b 
















				chapter list		

chicago
kansas city
new york city
philadelphia










				be connected. get involved.		
local chapters are your connection to career growth and the professional b2b community. you'll get access to critical thinking, insights into communication, managerial skills, and more. at each meeting, you will come face-to-face with top b2b marketing thinkers and practitioners.
in addition, you will have the opportunity to:

showcase your knowledge and thought leadership
give back by mentoring up-and-coming marketers
build your client base and in turn, grow your business
find job opportunities
gain insights and learn new skills














				local and national benefits		
by participating with your local chapter, you get access to a wide range of ana products from proprietary content and local events to the b2 awards (the premier b2b industry awards program) and the masters of b2b marketing conference.








upcoming events


national

chapters
webinars









jan
01





										2025 conference annual pass
										various

										12:00 am
									



 








feb
25





										2025 ana nonprofit conference
										oxon hill, md

										12:00 pm
									



 








mar
26





										2025 ana ai and technology for marketers conference
										austin, tx

										1:00 pm
									



 








mar
31





										2025 ana media conference
										orlando, fl

										1:00 pm
									



 








apr
27





										2025 ana advertising financial management conference
										carlsbad, ca

										1:00 pm
									



 





view all national events 








mar
06





										new york city chapter's - marketer of the year awards
										new york, ny

										5:30 pm
									



 






view all chapter events 







feb
19





										the blueprint for ai-powered marketing from google & bcg
										30 minutes

										1:00 pm
									



 








feb
25





										build your own clean room, and realize your second party data gold mine
										virtual

										11:00 am
									



 








feb
26





										turn representation into revenue: unlock a $31.5 trillion opportunity with seeher membership
										30 minutes

										1:00 pm
									



 








mar
05





										creator marketing trends: strategies for driving impact in 2025
										30 minutes

										1:00 pm
									



 








mar
05





										ai driven hyper personalization: the future of b2b marketing is here (b2b marketing webinar series)
										45 minutes

										3:00 pm
									



 





view all webinars 































about us

contact
membership directory
sponsorship opportunities
speaker opportunities



legal

privacy policy
terms of service
cookie settings



contact us
155 e 44th street · new york, ny 10017 tel: 212.697.5950 · email: b2b@ana.net
© 2024 ana business marketing. all rights reserved.
 


















×

					cookie preferences
				



					the ana asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. social media and advertising cookies of third parties are used to offer you social media functionalities and personalized ads. to amend your preferences you can visit "cookie settings" at the bottom of the website. to get more information about these cookies and the processing of your personal data, check our privacy and cookie policy. do you accept these cookies and the processing of personal data involved?					
				



functional
these cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. these include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or, if you request, from session to session.




performance

these cookies allow us to improve the site’s functionality by tracking usage on this website. in some cases these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you’ve selected. de-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance.




social media and advertising

social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our website through social media. advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within ana’s website(s) and on other websites and online services. in some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. for more information about this processing of personal data, check our privacy and cookie policy. de-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you or you not being able to link effectively with facebook, twitter, or other social networks and/or not allowing you to share content on social media




i understand







			the ana asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. check our privacy and cookie policy for more information.   settings ok, got it





