

cj fearnley's home page







cj fearnley's home page




saturday, 15 february 2025 est






reading dante in 2021
syntropy: cj fearnley's blog
collaborating for comprehensivism
blog:  managing foss for business
      results
jeannie moberly art







contents

voice greeting from cj fearnley (331k
         wav file).
basic biography
making the world work: the pursuit of humanity's
         option for success

integrity
the design science revolution
girls' education
the problem of security

linux

statement on the use of linux in small business
debian gnu/linux
my contributions to the linux community

buckminster fuller
open question on the events of 11 september 2001
my favorite quotes and poems
other information
contact information




basic biography
curriculum vitae of cj fearnley.


1967 i am born christopher j. fearnley in troy, ny, usa,
              on the planet earth to john albert fearnley and marilyn
              jean fearnley.
1984 i teach chess lessons to first graders
              for my first job.
1985 i graduate from bethlehem central high school, delmar, ny.
member, v.p., president math club, binghamton university, 1985-1989.
1986 voting member undergraduate curriculum
              committee, math department, binghamton university, 1986-1989.
1987 organizer, president chess club,
              binghamton university, 1987-1989.
1988 pipe dream publishes
              my perspective on "changed requirements would hurt choices"
              in the february 16, 1988 issue.
founder and organizer of the bucky fuller spaceship earth
              club, binghamton university.
i serve as a student intern: system design in
              lotus 1-2-3, new york state dot (department of
              transportation) engineering r & d bureau.
1989 i graduate from binghamton university
              with a b.a. in mathematical sciences and
              philosophy.
begin many in-between jobs: clerical & retail work,
              supervisor; prepare book displays, cashier, 1989-1991.
i volunteer as a shop teacher's aide (k-6).
1990 i serve as a substitute teacher, west philadelphia
              elementary schools.
1991 my essay reading synergetics:  some tips
              is published in trimtab.

1992 i help prepare a fda (food and drug
              administration) nda (new drug application) for
              tagamet-cr, smithkline beecham.
1993 i begin exploring linux with kernel 0.99.13 and the sls
              distribution.
bookkeeper for wpmf
              food co-op, 1993-2000.
i become the unix sig leader at
              pacs.
              i begin writing 29
              columnns on unix/linux that are published in the
              databus (1993 - 1997).
1994 i post the first version of the
              the
              r. buckminster fuller faq to
              list
              geodesic on 20 may 1994.
              i serve as promotion analysis administrator (customer
              and computer service), smithkline beecham.
1995 i work on the help desk and as a systems administrator
              for netaxs.
i secure my first linux consulting jobs.
i become a debian developer.
i initiate the
              philadelphia area linux user group (plug).
1996 my linux consulting work succeeds to the point where i
              leave netaxs to become a full-time, self-employed linux
              consultant.
1997 the first version of my essay
              integrity:
              an essay on god is published on my web site.
chief of engineering, internet21, 1997-1999.
1998 i release version 1.1
              of the buckminster fuller faq (august).
1999
i release
              version 1.2 of the buckminster fuller faq (april).
i release
              version 1.3 of the buckminster fuller faq (may).
i initiate the formation of the
              philadelphia area debian society (pads).
i help found
              linuxforce inc.
              and assume the position of executive vice president and
              chief technology officer.
extensive interview published in dome magazine (issn 1041-1607), volume 12,
              number 2, winter 1999-2000, pp. 18-25.
2000 merge internet consulting business into
              linuxforce inc.
2001
i help found adminforce
              remote llc and assume the position of president and
              chief technology officer.
2002
i help found and organize the synergetics collaborative.
i give two presentations at the october 6th synergetics
              powwow in falls church, va:
the search for an
              algebra or calculus for synergetics
synergetics and
              linux
i release version 1.4 of the
              buckminster fuller faq (november).
2003 i am named
              president and ceo of linuxforce inc.
i present a "10 minute" talk linux and synergetics
              at plug's march meeting.
i am profiled in the
                  july-august
                  2003 issue of bu alumni connect.
i start writing out my business philosophy.

2004 i publish a compilation, the triangle: a one-page primer.
jeannie moberly and i have our work
              supercircles: expanding
              buckminster fuller's foldable circle models 
              published in the peer reviewed proceedings for the
              2004 bridges:
              mathematical connections in art, music, and science
              conference.  we presented an early draft of the paper at the
              spring
              2004 snec symposium on cosmic fishing.  we prepared
              slides summarizing
              our supercircles work which we used for a seminar
              on 23 july at binghamton university and on 30 july at
              southwestern college
              (2004 bridges
              conference).
i launch my 2004
              presidential campaign notebook.
i start maintaining a web page
              buckminster fuller
              in the news.
the delaware
              valley chapter of the icca invited me to give a talk
              survey of linux
              and open source technologies and their business functions:
              an introduction to linux and open source for computer
              consultants on 9 december 2004.
2005 my article
              an
              introduction to linux and open source for
              computer consultants is published in the january issue of
              consulting
              matters.
i gave an invited presentation
              unix/linux overview
              for law enforcement personnel
(pdf) as part
              of an fbi training course "introduction to cyber crime
              investigations".
i gave a "lightning" presentation
              open source
              software for higher mathematics: an overview of available
              tools to the philly
              linux users' group (plug)
2006 i
              am named to the philadelphia business journal "40 under 40" list.
i gave a presentation to pantug (philadelphia area network technologies
              user group) entitled
              survey of
              linux and open source technologies and their business
              functions: an introduction for information technology
              professionals
2007 i
              am interviewed by cameron reilly of "g'day world"
i am interviewed
              by michael riversong of the tesla
              academy podcast interview series
2008 co-organize an ams
              special session on buckminster fuller's synergetics and
              mathematics at the courant institute of mathematical
              sciences at new york university (nyu).
              and give a presentation on explorations to define
              a theory of foldable great circle origami at it.
i gave a presentation on comprehensive
              anticipatory systems administration:  thoughts about
              eternally regenerative software administration to the
              philadelphia linux
              users group.
2009 i gave a presentation on exploring
              foldable great circle geometries to the eighth
              interdisciplinary conference of the international society of
              the arts, mathematics, and architecture (isama 2009)
              in albany, ny.  my abstract was published in the isama
              2009 conference proceedings issue of hyperseeing.

              i participated in, commented upon, and produced a video of
              a discussion from the synergetics collaborative's workshop
              at suny oswego on 12 jul 2009.


linuxforce launches a new website remote
              responder and a new blog on managing foss for
              business results.
i give two presentations at the linuxforce
              seminar "managing free and open source
              software (foss) for business results": "a
              survey of foss tools for business results" and "managing
              foss for business results".
2010 i launch a new personal blog: syntropy: cj fearnley's
              blog.
2011 i agree to lead regular meetups for
              the ben
              franklin thinking society's on science and
              technology.
i earned a statement
              of accomplishment from jennifer widom for
              completing the on-line course introduction to
              databases.
2012 i earned a statement
              of accomplishment from scott e. page
              for completing the on-line course model
              thinking.
in collaboration with jeannie
              moberly, i publish a paper on
              "harmonic perspective" in the peer-reviewed
              proceedings of the bridges 2012 conference and
              give a presentation
              on harmonic perspective as part of our joint work on harmonic
              perspective.
i deliver presentations on education
              automation now and in the future and synergetics
              and model thinking at the reviewing black
              mountain college 4:  looking forward at buckminster fuller's
              legacy conference.
i become a co-organizer for greater
              philadelphia thinking society.
i earned a statement of
              accomplishment with distinction signed by carol muller of the
              university of pennsylvania for the coursera course on listening to
              world music.
i earned a statement of
              accomplishment with distinction signed by roger d. peng of
              johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health for the coursera course on computing for
              data analysis.
i earned a statement of
              accomplishment signed by karl t. ulrich of the
              university of pennsylvania for the coursera course on design: creation
              of artifacts in society.
2013 i earned a statement
              of accomplishment signed by jeffrey leek of johns hopkins
              university for completing the on-line course data
              analysis.
i gave a
              presentation on data analysis in linux to the philadelphia area linux
              users group (plug).
i earned a statement of
              accomplishment with distinction signed by wendell porter of the
              university of florida for the coursera course on global
              sustainable energy: past, present and future.
i become a co-organizer for math counts.
i earned a statement of
              accomplishment with distinction signed by arnold weinstein of
              brown university for the coursera course on fiction of
              relationship.
i earned a statement of
              accomplishment signed by jonathan tomkin of the
              university of illinois at urbana-champaign for the coursera course on introduction to
              sustainability.
i earned a certificate
              for successfully completing for the utaustinx course 1.01x: energy
              101 on the edx platform.
2014
i earned an honor
              code certificate for the utaustinx
              course ut.9.01x
              effective thinking through mathematics on the edx platform.
i earned an certificate
              for the santa
              fe institute course introduction
              to complexity (spring, 2014) with melanie mitchell on the complexity
              explorer platform.
i am a guest on the tv program conversations with
              harold channer (part 1 and part 2). i
              write
              an addendum to the conversation to expand on several points
              discussed.
2015
i am a guest on the internet radio program science 2.0: science for the rest of us - math
              counts meetup with host joseph heard. listen
              to our 05/09/2015 podcast here.
              
in collaboration with jeannie
              moberly, i publish perspectives
              on borges' library of babel in the peer-reviewed
              proceedings of the bridges 2015 conference and
              give a presentation
              on perspectives on borges' library of babel as part of our joint work on harmonic
              perspective.
              
i earn a statement of
              accomplishment for the course modern &
              contemporary american poetry, al filreis of the university of
              pennsylvania on the coursera platform.
              
2016
i earn an honor code certificate for the course 8.mechcx:
ap® physics c: classical mechanics offerred by mitx on the
              edx platform.
              
i gave a lightning
              presentation on high-performance php on
              apache using mod proxy fcgi and php-fpm to the
              philadelphia area linux users group
              (plug).
2017
help organize philadelphia eco-district incubator.
2018
i write the essay the objective, the subjective, and the nature of design science.
current positions


president and ceo, linuxforce, inc.,
executive director, synergetics collaborative (snec)
meeting facilitator, philadelphia linux user group (plug)
co-organizer, greater philadelphia thinking society
co-organizer, math counts
co-organizer, philadelphia eco-district incubator
founder, iniatiator, collaborating for comprehensivism


memberships


philadelphia linux user group (plug)
buckminster fuller institute
geni:  global energy network initiative
the long now foundation
rocky mountain institute
the nature conservancy
the international living future institute
mission blue: sylvia earle alliance
wikimedia foundation
unmarried equality
internet archive
planned parenthood
free software foundation
natural resources defense council





making the world work: the pursuit of humanity's
       option for success


like most of my fellow earthians, i am concerned about how to make the
world work better.  there are many issues that i care about such as
democracy,
energy,
the environment,
globalization,
education, and the problem of violence to name but a few.
here i will document my thinking about what needs to be done for humanity
to achieve its option for success.



the challenge before us is tremendous.  buckminster fuller
argued that our choice is between utopia and oblivion. fuller
documented that humanity now has sufficient know-how to make good
our option to succeed:
we can substantially solve our most pressing problems.  recent
crises remind us that the option of oblivion is continually before us.
the steady stream of religiously- and politically-motivated violence,
the widespread availability of the instruments of destruction, and the
continuing deterioration of the environment give us pause and remind us
that universe is willing and able to revoke our species' "right"
to survive and may do so at any moment.

i think our survival depends and will forever depend on the integrity
of each individual human being to act "in support of eternally
regenerative universe".  the balance hangs on the choices that each
individual citizen makes to resolve or mitigate the complex of problems
(large and small) that threaten the effective operation and regeneration
of the life support systems on spaceship earth.  it is up to each of
us individually ... we have the power!  our daily
choices determine if universe will extend its grant to humanity of the
"right" of survival for one more day.  therefore, it is our
responsibility as individuals to dare to do what little we can to steer
the world closer to omni-success and away from the brink of oblivion.
we can make a difference.  we can
succeed.  we must succeed as the alternative is oblivion.
but it will be touch-and-go every day.



please consider what you can do to support eternally regenerative
universe.




whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that
you do it.
-- mahatma gandhi


my own working assumption of why we are here is that we are here as
local-universe information-gatherers and that we are given access to the
divine design principles so that we can therefrom objectively invent
instruments and tools -- e.g., the microscope and the telescope --
with which to extend all sensorial inquiring regarding the rest of
the to-the-naked-eye-invisible, micro-macro universe, because human
beings, tiny though we are, are here for all the local-universe  
information-harvesting and cosmic-principle-discovering, objective
tool-inventing, and local-environment-controlling as local universe
problem-solvers in support of the integrity of eternally regenerative
universe.
-- r. buckminster fuller


integrity

integrity is the most continually important
issue in human affairs.  we must, each of us, persevere to consider and
re-consider our values and the value of our actions.  integrity implies
honesty ... honesty with oneself and with others.  integrity implies
truth: being true to the facts of experience and true to oneself
and true to others including all humanity, our earth-ocean-air world, universe,
and god.  integrity requires consideration and
re-consideration of the whole and all of the parts and their synergetic
interrelationships.  total, complete integrity is impossible for finite
humans to fully achieve.  for human beings, integrity is a never ending
process requiring diligence, discipline, dedication, and continual
re-dedication.



the following is a list of web sites that address the issue of integrity
from a number of perspectives that seem to me to be supportive of the
success of humans in universe:


stanford encyclopedia of philosophy: integrity
transparency international:  the
         global coalition against corruption
the center for public integrity
web of love
the foundation for a better life
better business bureau
the institute of business ethics
integrity in science: a cspi project
integrity research institute
ori - office of research integrity
center for academic integrity
fairness & accuracy in reporting
alliance for bio-integrity


the design science revolution

the comprehensive anticipatory design science revolution
designates the thread in buckminster fuller's philosophy that emphasizes
the need to radically re-orient humanity's problem-solving efforts by the
employment of the practice of science in a comprehensive and anticipatory
fashion toward the design of effective solutions to better meet the needs
of 100% of humanity.  the emphasis is on the design of comprehensive
solutions ... ones that work sustainably because they have anticipated
comprehensively all factors relevant to the problem space.




the success of all humanity can be accomplished only by a terrestrially
comprehensive, technologically competent, design revolution. this revolution
must develop artifacts where energy-use efficiency not only occasions the
artifacts' spontaneous adoption by humanity, but also occasions the
inadvertent, unregretted abandonment and permanent obsolescence of socially
and economically undesirable viewpoints, customs and practices.
-- buckminster fuller

the essential message of fuller's design science is that human beings
have access to the design laws of universe, and a responsibility to use the
extraordinary phenomenon of mind to discover and apply such principles. our
function is problem-solving. synergetics, the discipline behind fuller's
more-with-less philosophy, above all encourages us to experiment. this
material is superbly suited to nurture and enhance creativity, demanding both
numerical rigor and intuitive leaps. ...

a design science revolution is imperative.
-- amy edmondson




i maintain a references and resource page
for the design science revolution.


girls' education

according to unicef's state of world's children 2004 "girls' education:
there can be no excuses.   education is the most effective tool available
to promote global development".


a list of resources on girls' education



state of 
       the world's children 2004: girls' education: there can be no
       excuses education is the most effective tool available to promote
       global development.
state of
       the world's children 1999: educating girls: changing lives for
       generations
girls global education fund
       (ggef)
fwcw
       (fourth world conference on women) platform for action the
       girl-child 
safe - help educate
       girl children in india
girl
       international resource learning organization (g.i.r.l.)
girlstart
unicef: girls'
       education
working group on girls

the problem of security (public safety)

right now, the crisis in public safety is the most critical issue
facing all earthians (the human capability to destroy is tremendous and
difficult but necessary to control).  in my view the problem with both
the "war on terror" and the terrorists themselves is that violence is
seen as an effective means to their ends.  experience since september
11th corroborates the observation, that violence generally begets more
violence.
the recent calls to war of the leaders of india, israel, the usa, and
north korea serve to further jeopardize the security of the planet
as a whole.  we need a sound, incisive, effective, comprehensively
considerate path toward security.




security is mostly a superstition.  it does not exist in nature ... life
is either a daring adventure or nothing.
-- helen keller



war is obsolete.
-- r. buckminster fuller


"there can be no political stability and no assured peace without
economic security. ... [us policy must therefore] be directed not
against any country or doctrine, but against hunger, poverty,
desperation, and chaos."
-- general george marshall 


my nascent plan for addressing the global
security problem.



here is a list of sites advocating peaceful means for improving security:




fpif's report
      a secure
      america in a secure world
amory lovins'
         incisive analysis "how to get real security"
september eleventh families for
         peaceful tomorrows
w.a.v.e.:  worldwide alternatives to
         violence
the united nations
peace is possible
peace
         action's solutions for a safer world
the random acts of kindness
         foundation
worldwide forgiveness alliance
international peace bureau
international physicians for the
         prevention of nuclear war
mediate.com
nonviolence.org
the global security institute



 linux -- an operating system for
       business and humanity

linux has tremendous stability,
power, and flexibility; it is ideal for business applications.
i knew that linux would become a winning system as early as 1994 and
worked hard to master it thoroughly.  i think linux's most important strengths
are its open source licensing
and its world-around, internet-connected, cooperative, community-based
development approach.  this vibrant community from which linux emerged and
to which it gives strength and support is unique for an industrial tool.

i have supported the philadelphia area linux community
in several ways.  first, with my stint as unix sig leader
at the philadelphia area
computer society (pacs).  then with the organization of philadelphia linux users group
(plug).  finally, with the formation of philadelphia
area debian society (pads).


the linux consulting practice which i started in 1995 has expanded
to tackle ever more ambitious projects via a pioneering company formed
in 1999 and named linuxforce
inc.  linuxforce is a leading technology services provider
specializing in the development, implementation, management and
support of linux-based systems, with a particular expertise in debian
gnu/linux and ubuntu.  in 2009, linuxforce launched a new website remote responder to explain its
services to provide systems maintenance & monitoring with support
& emergency coverage.  in conjunction with the educational effort
in support of our the remote responder services, we launched a new blog
on managing foss for business
results (where foss is the acronym for free and open source software.


statement on the use of linux in small business

i advocate using linux in enterprising small
businesses.  i contend that linux provides tools for small businesses
to build competitive advantage in their niche markets.  since linux and
it's main distributions are freely available in source form, the motivated
entrepreneur can launch her business without the overhead of evaluating
illions of commercial offerings (many of which
won't do exactly what will be required anyway).  instead one can
focus on integrating (and, if necessary, modifying) pre-existing
linux "tools" to meet needs.  this is the power of the
unix
"toolkit" approach to software: each software "tool"
is designed to work synergetically with other "tools".  once one
learns how to use software as a tool, one will be frustrated by systems
that try to do everything in one big application
(one of the more extreme ideas along this line being the web browser as
an operating system).  open source software allows the businessperson
the ability to make custom software relatively easily and relatively
inexpensively.  moreover, when one shares their improvements with the
rest of the linux community, they will get helpful feedback about how
to improve the system further in a mutually cooperative feedback loop.
for more information on unexpected occurrences of cooperation see robert axelrod's
the
evolution of cooperation.


  the
  debian project
debian is a linux distribution,
i.e., a collection of software based around the linux kernel
pre-configured for ease of installation, administration, and use.
i have found debian to be relatively easy to configure and upgrade
(upgradeability is the biggest strength of debian over other linux
distributions including red hat which is imo much inferior in this
regard).  hence debian has become the cornerstone of my linux use.
debian
is a volunteer run project (there are presently some 1000 people working
on debian).  debian's open development make it very valuable to small
business.  first, since all of the debian software comes with full source
code, one can relatively easily fix any bugs that are important to your
business (no need to wait around for the vendor to fix them!).  secondly,
if a package is crucial to your business and the current maintainer is
too busy to fix a bug, someone on staff can volunteer to make an interim
release or perhaps take over maintenance of said package.  in this way
all of the important software gradually gravitates to developers whose
business depends on the reliability of that software.  i think this
process of gravitation to the competent, concerned developers is one of
the reasons debian has become so stable.  finally, one can monitor the
progress of development and contribute to the direction of the system
by participating in some of debian's numerous mailing lists.  in sum,
debian gives small businesses the software leverage they need to be
extra competitive.


my contributions to the linux community

my company, linuxforce maintains
  a time
  line of debian milestones and noteworthy news, and an explanation as to why
  debian is so significant.
in 1999, i started the philadelphia area debian
    society which supports debian in the philadelphia area.
    pads meets on the third wednesday of the month.
i continue to work closely with the
    philadelphia linux users
    group (plug) since i helped organize it in 1995.  we usually get
    good turnouts with at least 15 people attending.  plug meets on the
    first wednesday of each month.  afterward we usually adjourn to a
    local eatery to socialize.
i wrote an awk script script
    to process the logs for the livingston, merit and cistron
    implementations of remote authentication dial-in user service
    (radius) specified in
    rfc
    2138 and radius accounting in
    rfc
    2139.  several similar scripts are available, but most of them
    have several shortcomings.  thanks to edward s. marshall for his
    major improvements to my original version!
until early in the 2000s, the most flexible smtp (mail) transport
    software available was sendmail.
    sendmail used to have frequent security holes.  back in the
    mid-1990s, i found a way to configure
    sendmail that avoids many security problems.  note:  i
    no longer use this approach since it is not followed by the debian
    sendmail package and because sendmail is better maintained now
    there is no need for these measures like there were in 1996.
for three years (from december 1993 through december 1996) i was the
    unix sig leader at the philadelphia
    area computer society (pacs).  in that capacity i wrote
    29 articles for their monthly newsletter.  i prepared
    an annotated index of my 29
    articles in the databus.
when i worked for net access,
    a local internet service provider, i wrote a document entitled connecting to net access with linux which i
    no longer maintain.  it may still be useful to linux users trying to
    establish a slip or ppp account to an isp.  the general linux isp-hookup
    howto may be of equal or greater use.
i once maintained a number of packages for debian gnu/linux.
    i continue to submit bug reports and offer help and encouragement
    as much as possible.
i have a very old list of linux links at https://www.cjfearnley.com/lynx_bookmarks.html#linux.


  buckminster
fuller -- an inspirational voice in my life!
i have read almost everything bucky ever published as well as
much that has been written about him in the late 1980s and early
1990s.  i have built many geometrical models to investigate his
synergetics
(a mathematical/physical/philosophical system about the shape of thinking
and the nature of universe).  fuller's philosophy and values have strongly
influenced my own.  fundamentally, i think one needs to puzzle things
out for oneself.  so i mostly stopped reading the fuller literature
in the mid-1990s.  instead, i've immersed myself in the complexity of
life's problems:  how to make the world better?  how to eat?  and so on.
"philosophy if not mechanically applied is worthless" -- to
rephrase something i remember fuller once wrote.
i maintain the buckminster fuller faq
which i started compiling in the early 1990s.  the
source is written in sgml and has
been converted to plain text,
pdf, latex,
postscript, and lyx
by the sgml-tools package.
the following older versions of the faq are available in sgml source
format only: v.1.1, 1 august 1998,
v.1.2, 1 april 1999, and
v.1.3.0, 10 may 1999.


i maintain a list of buckminster fuller
resources on the internet that are relevant to his work.
in 2002, i begin work to form the synergetics collaborative
a new organization to build the synergetics field of study as developed
by r. buckminster fuller.


on 5 march 2003, i presented a "10 minute" talk
linux and synergetics at the
plug meeting.


on 6 october 2002, i presented these two papers to a gathering
on synergetics in falls church, va.

synergetics and linux
the search for an algebra or
         calculus for synergetics



in 1994, i generated the following images of basic
polyhedra  using pov-ray:

tetrahedron,
octahedron,
icosahedron (vertex view),
icosahedron (face view),
cube or hexahedron,
cube tetrahedron,
cube in rhombic dodecahedron,
icosahedron in cube,
rhombic dodecahedron,
star tetrahedron,
octahedron in a tetrahedron,
truncated ocatahedra,
vector equilibrium.



in 1995, i make these geodesic spheres using
dome.



in 1991, my essay reading
synergetics:  some tips was published in
trimtab.



open question on the events of 11 september 2001

i've been thinking about how 19 human beings could so severely hate that
they would so coldly give their lives.  an american, nathan hale, said "i
regret that i have but one life to give to my country." the 19 attackers
of september 11th were so convinced of their case against the usa that
they took hale's patriotic sentiment to a new and ghastly level.  why?



why do they hate the usa so much?  this question pains me more than any other.



as conscientious citizens of spaceship earth
we need to address the deeper issues of hatred,
violence
and its causes, because the level of hatred on display in new york and
washington on september 11th will not go away with military and police
actions alone.



what will it take to rid the world of the type of hatred that from
time-to-time leads to abhorrent violence?



 
my favorite quotes and poems

it is not for me to change you.  the question is, how can i be of service to
you without diminishing your degrees of freedom?
-- buckminster fuller



to
  search my favorite quotes and poems by keyword,
  enter a keyword into the following box:



click
  here to see all of my favorite quotes and poems.


 other information

collection of digital photographs of me on-line (in
      approximately historical order):
    1,
    2,
    3,
    3,
    4,
    5,
    6,
    7,
    8,
    9,
    10,

28,
    29,
    30,
    31,
    32,
    33,
    34,
    35,
    36,
    37,
    38,
    40.
  here are some pictures of my girlfriend, jeannie moberly:
     1,
     2,
     3 (she is the one on the right),
     4 (she is the second from the right),
     5,
     6,
     7,
     8,
     9,
     10,
     11,
     12,
     13,
     14,
     15,
     16,
     17,
     18,
     19,
     20,
     21,
     22,
     23,
     24,
     25,
     26,
     27,
     28,
     29,
     30,
     31,
     32,
     33,
     34,
     35,
     36,
     37,
     38,
     39,
     40,
     41,
     42,
     43,
     44,
     45,
     46,
     47,
     48,
     49.
  i recorded a recitation of robert
           burn's poem "to a mouse": (2.4mb wav file) (text for
           "to a mouse").
  gov. howard dean's speech
    the
    great american restoration provides an incisive vision for
    the type of restoration that we all intuitively know america needs.
    dean's fast growing support is the result of his powerful vision, his
    energy and dedication to restoring american values, and his talent
    in expressing his salient message clearly, strongly and succinctly.
    my tendency is to be apolitical: to focus on what we can do to
    make the world better and not about convincing others about how
    to make our government better.  but i feel strongly enough about
    restoring the american values of financial strength through fiscal
    responsibility, health care that no one can take away, responsible
    stewardship of our land and natural resources, leading in the world
    community and not becoming a new rome, and making the american
    flag stand for freedom and justice for all, all around the world.
    dean's principled, pragmatic, unique voice is already changing the
    tenor of debate in this country to stand for these important values.
    his message resonates very strongly.  for these reasons i am endorsing
    the howard dean for america campaign.

  several famous people share the day of
    anniversary of their birth with me including
    joan baez, simone
    de beauvoir and
    richard
    nixon.

  these apples were made based on code written
    by john kirk.

  my favorite edgar allan poe story is mellonta
    tauta.  i like poe's argument that the way of intuition is
    the true path to knowledge unlike "the one of creeping and the
    one of crawling".  poe's argument that "a perfect consistency
    must be an absolute truth" reminds me of fuller's definition
    of universe and his definition of god as
    the intellectual integrity operative in universe.

  i like hiking the
    horse-shoe trail.

  i use lynx to browse the
    web (for the most part).  i like lynx because (except when i'm
    looking at geometry, architecture or some other inherently visual
    material), i simply want information and i want it fast.  and lynx
    is fast.  but i'm also using it to help maintain my web pages and
    to experiment with http and html.  good web designers develop
    their sites so that they are accessible to all users.
    there are two other pages that advocate this theme further:
    the dehanced for lynx page at
    http://world.std.com/~adamg/dehanced.html
    and the campaign for a non browser specific www page at
    http://www.anybrowser.org/campaign/.
    finally, here are my lynx
    bookmark
    references (poorly organized, sorry).

  a webalizer
    report of my web site activity is at
    https://www.cjfearnley.com/stats/webalizer.

  the alternatives to marriage
    project expresses my view that legal documents do not make for
    successful life partnerships.  for many, it is liberating to be
    unmarried and proud of it.

  the problem of feral cats requires vigilence.  a report on
       trap/alter/release programs shows that the most humane
       solution is to trap feral cats, "fix" them and re-release
       them into the "wild".  in general i am impressed by the feral cat coalition's humane
       approach to the problem of feral cats.  save the songbirds!

  when i was an isp consultant i wrote a web page about community-oriented internet service providers.

 i currently live in pa-senate,
       26, pa-7,
       pa-164.

  my 1998 résumé is available in four formats:
    latex, tex dvi,
    postscript, and text.

  my old .plan tells a bit more about my
    general life plan and projects circa 1997.

  do enjoy!



 contact information

cj fearnley
cjf@cjfearnley.com
https://www.cjfearnley.com/
240 copley rd
        upper darby pa 19082-4016
home: (610)352-7086
office: (610)734-1900
emergency-only cell phone (please try home & office unless you
        know that i'm travelling): (610)931-4529
latitude 39.956061 north, longitude 75.262670 west of prime meridian.
openstreetmap has a map of 240 copley road,
google
      has one,
google
      has a satellite image too.
      maps at msn also provides a map
      (39°
      57' 23.58" north 75° 15' 52.99" west.).
      mapquest provides another map
      of 240 copley road.

follow cj fearnley on twitter
cj fearnley at facebook
cj fearnley at linkedin
my gpg
         key (for sending me encrypted e-mail or to verify
         an electronic signature):

-----begin pgp public key block-----
version: gnupg v1.0.0 (gnu/linux)
comment: for info see http://www.gnupg.org
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==
=sbdm
-----end pgp public key block-----

to send me e-mail use this address:
    cjf@cjfearnley.com.


return to the table of contents.

