
harmonica, blues harp links- "everything harmonica on the web"- bluesharp, diatonic, chromatic harmonicas, harmonica instruction, harmonica tab sites

























home|instruction|players|companies|free newsletter|submit a link














browse pages:

harmonica instruction
midi/audio files
information
harmonica clubs
repairs & modifications
harmonica publications
miscellaneous

players:

diatonic players:
pioneers in blues
blues players
rock / pop
country/bluegrass
jazz players
cross category
women players
chromatic players
harmonica groups & trios

more stuff:

harmonica companies
harmonica vendors
newsletter signup

store:

harmonica store:
harmonicas
song/tab books
music cds
instruction books
microphones/amps















everything harmonica online



















over 500 harmonica links. . .
and growing!


if you are a harmonica player or a harmonica fan, you've come to the right place.

submit a link
if you have a website and would like it listed here, please click here to email us with the pertinent information.

bad link?
please let us know if you find a bad link.
buy a harmonica
great quality, great price.
learn to play harmonica
visit harmonica lessons.com -- free instruction & members area -- 600 pages of lessons, tips, tabs & songs.









featured harmonica video
(sons of harmonica teacher dave gage)






"fun blues harmonica jam" 
here are dave gage's sons, brody and alex, now called the brothers gage, back when they were 10 and 12 year old kids. this video shot in 2015, is an unedited take playing an improvised blues and country based jam and having a bunch of fun. 
one plays rhythm beatbox harmonica while the other takes a solo. they are both playing a standard key of "c" 10-hole diatonic in 2nd position (which is also known as "crossharp"). they both learned to play harmonica around age 5 and now also sing, play guitar, bass, drums, and keyboards. the key to getting good is consistency. they still practice every single day.


watch more of their videos at the
- brothers gage website -






sample video:  harmonica instruction for beginners


tip- "move harmonica, not head"a simple playing tip to speed up your movement and add accuracy in single notes.
beginner harmonica chordsdave gives a general overview of what you can obtain from both diatonic and chromatic harmonicas in regards to harmonica chords.
advantage of 2nd position over 1st, bluesy bendsin this excerpt, dave discusses some of the reasons for playing in either 1st position or 2nd position.



 - over 45 hours of video lessons -
 attend live classes for instant feedback & questions


get started now for only $19.95
click to visit harmonicalessons.com
learn more about member benefitsmonthly | quarterly | yearly*specials*


 * dave gage - 35 year teaching pro



sample video:  advanced harmonica instruction



breathing tip- "follow thru with airflow"dave explains how the concept of "follow through", as found in many sports, also applies directly to your breathing and airflow.
blues scale sectionsdave explains the value of not just learning a scale up and down, but dividing it into smaller "bite-size" chunks, which can then be used as blues riffs.
tonguing technique- chicken calldave demonstrates how you can use the "tonguing" technique to create interesting sounds such as the "chicken call".



featured harmonica video
(sons of harmonica teacher dave gage)






"fun blues harmonica jam" 
here are dave gage's sons, brody and alex, now called the brothers gage, back when they were 10 and 12 year old kids. this video shot in 2015, is an unedited take playing an improvised blues and country based jam and having a bunch of fun. 
one plays rhythm beatbox harmonica while the other takes a solo. they are both playing a standard key of "c" 10-hole diatonic in 2nd position (which is also known as "crossharp"). they both learned to play harmonica around age 5 and now also sing, play guitar, bass, drums, and keyboards. the key to getting good is consistency. they still practice every single day.


watch more of their videos at the
- brothers gage website -







tip of the day




""
harmonica lessons.comtips














follow @harmonicagage









harmonica storesales!

lee oskar major diatonic





beginner harmonicainstruction





hohner #270chromatic harmonica






package dealsharmonica + book combos





lee oskar popular keyspackage (6 keys/soft case)





beginner harmonicainstruction





lee oskar harmonica holder















home | harmonica store | terms of use | contact us | newsletter signup | submit a link

copyright © 1999-2020 aym music. all rights reserved. harmonica links.comtm  is a trademark of aym music.


