








elisabeth kübler-ross foundation -








































 


























 











elisabeth kübler-ross
foundation

about the ekr foundation
board of directors
advisory council
international
collaborations
friends of ekr
ekrf global ambassadors
contact


about ekr

elisabeth kübler-ross biography
quotes
books, chapters and papers
photo gallery
awards and honors
education and work


5 stages of grief®

5 stages of grief®
“5 stages of grief®” in popular media
on death and dying
kübler-ross change curve®


education

education series
past education series
ekr global humanitarian colloquium
online classes


grief support

guidance to grief
resources
videos
speaking engagements


blog/news

newsletters archive
stanford university acquires kübler-ross archives
blog


donate

store
































elisabeth kübler-ross foundation 



is a non-profit organization inspired by the life of psychiatrist, humanitarian, and hospice pioneer dr. elisabeth kübler-ross. 







donate










 



 









 





healing through grief 



alternative, holistic & creative approaches series. 



“we need time to move through the pain of loss. we need to step into it, really to get to know it, in order to learn.”“grief is not just a series of events, stages, or timelines. our society places enormous pressure on us to get over loss, to get through grief. but how long do you grieve for a husband of fifty years, a teenager killed in a car accident, a four-year-old child: a year? five years? forever? the loss happens in time, in fact in a moment, but its aftermath lasts a lifetime.”– dr. elisabeth kübler-ross 






more about education series













grief support  



information on collaborative partners and resources we support. 



 





support our work: 



become a friend of ekr 



 









latest projects 






 



ekr singapore / southeast asia 



the ekr foundation is excited to announce our latest international chapter in singapore (se asia)ekr south east asia has already initiated two fellowship programs to teach medical professionals essential end of life training in these countries: the philippines; assam & kerala, india; nepal; indonesia; bangladesh; timor leste; and lebannonin february 2023 and 2024, green pastures hospital in conjunction with ekr southeast asia held a 2-day palliative care conferences in pokhara, nepal. 





 



ekr france 



they run ongoing mutual support groups for many different types of bereavement, such as those who’ve lost someone to suicide, those who have lost a spouse or a child, and children who have dealt with lossthey hosted three conferences, in 2018, 2019, and 2022 on all types of grief, such as loss of a spouse, loss of a child, and morethey run an ongoing group for people in mourning: mourning coffeethey run coloring workshops for anyone of any age who’s grievingthey offer support to business who have had employees who have passed 





 



ekr guatemala 



they are addressing systemic hunger by distributing manna packs and infant formulathey give safe birth delivery kits to expectant mothersthey donate prenatal vitamins and infant formula to new momsthey’re building an ekr foundation respite center in guatemala city, literally from the ground upthey donated reading glasses to 125 seniors in rio dulcethey donated a modern dental patient exam chair with accompanying dental instruments to a local hospitalthey donated monthly vitamins to birth doulas (as much as 60 pounds of vitamins per month) 









more about international chapters







the elisabeth kübler-ross foundation — global 






 









the five stages of grief ® 



alongside the well-known stages of denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance, kübler-ross detailed other “stages” such as shock, partial denial, preparatory grief (also known as anticipatory grief), hope, and decathexis. she also acknowledged other emotional responses including guilt, anxiety, numbness & other emotions. 






more about the 5 stages of grief












 




							identify 						


						the first step in the journey through grief is identifying the emotions and experiences you are facing. by recognizing and naming these stages—denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance—you gain clarity and a sense of direction in your healing process.					









 




							creativity						


						grief often opens the door to creativity as a form of expression and release. whether through writing, art, music, or another creative outlet, you can transform your emotions into something meaningful, giving voice to the feelings that words alone cannot capture.					











 




							feeling						


						allow yourself to feel each stage fully. grief is not a linear path; it's a deeply personal experience. embracing your emotions, without judgment, enables you to process the pain and move toward healing.					









 




							innovation						


						from the depths of grief, innovation can emerge. this stage involves reimagining your life and creating new ways to honor the past while moving forward. it’s about finding strength in your journey, inspiring change, and contributing to the world in new and profound ways.
					

















 





 





 







 





 





 











meet the board of directors 



board of directors 





ken ross – founder and presidentken ross, son of dr. elisabeth kübler-ross, is the founder of the ekr foundation (2006) and president (2006-2013 & 2018-present). 




joan marston – board member/vice presidentjoan marston is based in south africa and is presently an international children’s palliative care consultant with pacchi – palliative care for children a humanitarian imperative; also icpcn global ambassador for children’s palliative care and director of education and development for sunflower children’s hospice in south africa. 



m. r. rajagopal, md – board memberdr. m.r. rajagopal is an anaesthesiologist-turned-palliative care physician from kerala, india. he is currently chairman of pallium india and director of trivandrum institute of palliative sciences (tips) which is a who collaborating centre for training and policy on access to pain relief. the organization works at the national level in india and has its headquarters in trivandrum in the state of kerala in south india. 





stephen connor, phd – board member/treasurerstephen r. connor, ph.d., is the executive director of the london, uk-based charity, the worldwide hospice palliative care alliance (whpca), an alliance of over 400 national and regional hospice and palliative care organizations in over 100 countries worldwide. dr. connor has worked continuously in the hospice/palliative care movement since 1975 and has been the ceo of four us hospice programs. 



mary spada – board memberms. spada brings over two decades of knowledge, thought leadership, and experience to address corporate challenges with collegial creativity, exceptional insight, and razor-sharp intellect. ms. spada is a highly valued catalyst for change that visionary leadership relies upon again and again for out-of-the-box thinking to benefit future planning, complex project management, transaction structuring, and business transformation. 





barbara rothweiler, ph.d, abpp – board member/board secretarydr. rothweiler, daughter of elisabeth kübler-ross md, is a licensed psychologist, with board certification in neuropsychology and rehabilitation psychology. in addition to conducting neuropsychological evaluations, she provides consultation liaison services, specializing in medical rehabilitation, but also hospital wide, including palliative care and hospice. 












more than just give 



we envision a world where all people and their families can have a dignified life even when approaching death and are supported with compassion while dying — by family, friends, the community, and healthcare providers who embrace all of life including death. 






donate now





















 your contribution directly supports the ekr foundation’s goal of improving access to quality end of life care and grief resources globally.
click here donate

 the elisabeth kübler-ross foundation is 501(c)(3) non-profit organization inspired by the life of psychiatrist, humanitarian and hospice pioneer dr. elisabeth kübler-ross.
contact us…

 international chapters
learn more about the chapters here


 



englishespañoldeutschfrançaispolski

 the five stages of grief®
as originally outlined in dr. ross’ book on death and dying, the five stages insight helps us gain understanding and insight into the emotional and social experience of dying or the death of a loved one.
learn more here
 
 













copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · ekr family limited partnership ·  terms of use ·  privacy policy ·  cookie policy · site design: lentinidesign.com 




facebook
youtube
instagram
pinterest
friends of ekr








 




manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
preferences
save preferences
preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 


 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website



















































































