




harper urology



































































skip to content















pay my bill
contact us
 



facebook
instagram
youtube


















home
about usexpand


our team


health information
patient resourcesexpand


make an appointment
billing and insuranceexpand


pay your bill
participating insurance
financial policy


prescription refills
medical records


wish
 



patient portal



search





























toggle menu
























making life a little bit better
we continuously strives to provide our patients with the most dependable current procedures and diagnostic techniques in urological care.

make your appointment









we are urology center of columbus


utilizing the latest advances in medicine and surgical techniques, the providers at urology center of columbus are committed to providing comprehensive and superior adult urological healthcare to the columbus, ga community.

learn more





supporting your path to wellness




patient portal
view your chart, look up your next appointment, prescription refills and more.



patient resources
urology center of columbus continuously strives to make our patient’s experience a positive one



pay your bill
pay your bill and review our billing and insurance information









specializing in areas that matter most


we are thrilled to introduce new services aimed at enhancing your overall quality of life. hormonal imbalance affects your well-being, along with issues such as weight gain, sexual health, aging, and fatigue. our goal is to assist you in addressing these concerns comprehensively.
we are eager to collaborate with you to help you regain vitality and feel rejuvenated.

view our services









kind words from our patients






“i had a recent visit to this medical center for a minor procedure, and the entire experience was great. the facility is clean and modern, and the nurses and doctors were so attentive and explained everything clearly. i felt like i was in good hands.”patient 


“i was a bit nervous about my first visit, but the medical center staff put me at ease right away. the front desk team was welcoming, and my doctor was incredibly compassionate. they took the time to listen to my concerns and provided excellent care.“patient
























 







our office
1021 talbotton road columbus, ga 31904
phone: 706-324-7700
fax: 706-596-5810
billing services: 706-243-3661
contact@harperurology.com

 







staff login
 
































home
about ustoggle child menuexpand


our team


health information
patient resourcestoggle child menuexpand


make an appointment
billing and insurancetoggle child menuexpand


pay your bill
participating insurance
financial policy


prescription refills
medical records


wish
 

















toggle menu close
 




search for:



search
 






