





home | flexdex surgical





























this website uses cookies to collect and analyze information regarding your visit. consult our cookie statement for more information.



                accept all cookies
            

                set preferences
            



types of cookies


necessary cookies

                        always turned on
                    


analytical cookies



marketing cookies





                save and accept
            



necessary cookies

necessary cookies ensure that all components of this website function properly. it concerns cookies for the security of the website, cookies for load balancing (e.g. the distribution of requests to a web server over a number of computers) and cookies for the adjustment of the user interface (especially the choice of language and the display of search results). we may install these cookies without your consent. by using the website, you accept these necessary cookies.



                back to overview
            



analytical cookies

analytical cookies collect general information about the way our website is used. based on this information, we can make a statistical analysis regarding the use of our website. this analysis enables us to make the structure, navigation and content of our website more user-friendly and to improve it.



                back to overview
            



marketing cookies

you need to activate marketing cookies on the website to play videos and to share articles with others via third parties such as facebook, twitter and linkedin.marketing cookies also enable the personalization of online advertising offer. based on a profile, drawn up on the basis of you click and surfing behavior on our website, we (and third parties) gain insight into campaign performance.



                back to overview
            
















                        company
                    



                        technology
                    



                        resources
                    



                        contact us
                    







            contact our us sales team
        




































 next level laparoscopic suturing: unlocked 
 advancing laparoscopy through intuitive wristed dexterity 




            discover all the features
        
















the surgeon’s solution to complex   laparoscopic suturingthe axius™ needle driver offers enhanced dexterity and needle driving precision, enabling complex laparoscopic suturing in challenging angles.







a sustainable, multi-use deviceour device is designed to maximize cost efficiency and minimize waste, providing a sustainable solution for every or.







commercially available in the usa 🇺🇸axius™ is designed and manufactured in-house  at our facilities in michigan, usa and is fda registered.

















 fingertip precisionaxius™ enhances suturing quality1 through precise needle positioning and adjustments controlled by the surgeon’s fingertips. our patented infinity dial eliminates forearm rotation, maintaining a neutral position and improving surgeon ergonomics. 
















 optimal needle driving motioncombining fingertip rotation with adjustable articulation, axius™ precisely drives the needle along its curve, allowing the user to treat the tissue gently even at extreme angles. 





















            discover all axius™ features and benefits
        













 hear from our users 





“the angles required for ipom mesh fixation are essentially impossible laparoscopically. the axius is thus enabling technology”











dr. danny sherwinter
mount sinai brooklyn, ny





"it’s leaps and bounds better than anything that’s available right now. and it allows an expansion of the services that you would otherwise have challenges providing laparoscopically for patients"











dr. peter janu
fox valley surgical specialists, wi





“the axius needle driver gives my patients access to the most modern hernia techniques without having to travel to remote referral centers”











dr. michael mcallister
up health portage, mi





“in the future no surgeon is going to consider having a laparoscopic tool kit that doesn’t include fully wristed laparoscopy with an infinity spin like axius”











dr. kent bowden
munson cadillac hospital, mi












 news and events 


























                                    flexdex celebrates 10 year milestone
                                    
                                        | surgical robotics technology interview
                                    
                                
 josef de pfeiffer, surgical robotics technology, speaks with dr. jim geiger, ceo of flexdex surgical, to discuss the company’s 10 year journey. 



                                    news
                                


                                        posted on
                                    

                                        november 19, 2024
                                    



















                                    flexdex sponsors the acs hands-on surgical ergonomics clinic
                                    
                                        | san francisco, october 2024
                                    
                                
 attend the hands-on surgical ergonomics clinic at the american college of surgeons clinical congress to learn how axius enhances surgeon ergonomics. 



                                    event
                                


                                        posted on
                                    

                                        october 9, 2024
                                    



















                                    flexdex is growing in the us!
                                    
                                
 flexdex announces us sales team expansion with around 30 dedicated sales personnel representing axius across the country. 



                                    news
                                


                                        posted on
                                    

                                        september 30, 2024
                                    



















                                    get your hands on axius at the american hernia society
                                    
                                        | chicago, september 2024
                                    
                                
 meet our team in chicago and discover how  axius enables complex suturing in laparoscopic hernia repair. 



                                    event
                                


                                        posted on
                                    

                                        august 6, 2024
                                    

















 our companysince 2014, our michigan-based flexdex surgical team has been developing groundbreaking laparoscopic technology with the aim to simplify the most complex surgical tasks. already over 4000 patients have been treated with flexdex technology – and our journey is just beginning!through a close collaboration with surgeons, our in-house r&d team is developing a full suite of axius™ instruments that will enable more minimally invasive procedures to be performed, benefiting more patients around the world.axius™ is designed, manufactured and commercially available in the usa. 



            learn more about flexdex surgical
        
























references


axius pilot launch data, 2023 – surgeon feedback, compared to traditional laparoscopic needle drivers























                                    company
                                



                                                about us
                                            



                                                contact us
                                            





                                    technology
                                



                                                axius needle driver
                                            



                                                products in the pipeline
                                            





                                    resources
                                



                                                instructions for use
                                            



                                                procedure resources
                                            



                                                clinical publications
                                            



                                                training portal
                                            





                                    customer support
                                



                                                customer feedback
                                            





                                    legal
                                



                                                patents & trademarks
                                            



                                                privacy policy
                                            








                        follow us on social media
                    








































