

fruit trees- rare and traditional varieties grown and supplied by bernwode 
fruit trees









 

 


  




 




 
 

 




 






our 
                        opening times have changed. please see the new opening 
                        times at the bottom of this page.
our 
                        delivery service will be suspended indefinitely from the 
                        end of 2023 and trees will need to be collected. the cost 
                        of materials, couriers and packing time have become excessive 
                        and we need to devote more time to conserving our collection.




 

 





 







 







 







 







 



 
 

 
find us from the maps 
              page 



 






news
the 
                new much enlarged 8th edition printed catalogue has now arrived! 
                at 206 pages, an increase of 36 from the 7th edition, it now includes 
                several important variety additions. before ordering, please be 
                aware that our delivery service has now been indefinitely suspended 
                and trees would need to be collected. please click on 'get printed 
                catalogue' above, left.
february 
                - please let us know in the next few weeks what you might want 
                in the early autumn. the earlier we know, the better and more 
                fully grown the tree will be.
important 
                changes at bernwode fruit trees
grafting 
                to order – we continue to make available old varieties, 
                to ensure their survival in the wider world, but the number we 
                now list makes it impossible to carry a wider stock for ready 
                availability, especially on a range of different rootstocks. regrettably, 
                the rare varieties attract less attention, despite their worthiness, 
                and remain unsold for longer than is good for them, in pots. though 
                we still have plenty of choices available at the nursery for instant 
                planting, we must increasingly move over towards a system 
                where we graft specific requests to order. we graft from 
                january to early march and new trees are then available for planting 
                in september. please let us know what varieties (on what rootstocks) 
                you want early in the year and be prepared to wait until september, 
                if we do not have them in stock currently. if your wants are flexible 
                then we should be able to find plenty of options from current 
                stock. stocks are at their highest levels in september and october, 
                the ideal time for planting, in a normal year, when the ground 
                is not drought affected and is not rock hard! container grown 
                trees continue to grow their roots, even when going dormant above 
                ground.
changing 
                opening times – travel to the nursery enables us 
                to give good advice and get to meet our customers, but motoring 
                is no longer the pleasure it once was, and we have been open for 
                much longer times than the number of customers warrant. we 
                have therefore changed our opening times and days. please see 
                the new opening arrangement at the bottom of this web page before 
                making a trip. when we are formally closed, we are usually 
                at the nursery anyway, so we will continue to be open by appointment 
                outside opening times. all we ask is that you let us know what 
                day you would like to visit or collect trees and an approximate 
                time – and we will be here for your visit. there is no need 
                for an appointment during our opening times.

































 
if 
                your email client sends emails to us at bernwode@xln.co.uk, please 
                amend it to send to ask@bernwodefruittrees.co.uk. the former email 
                address has now been retired and your emails will not come through 
                and be answered. thank you.






 
we 
                collect, conserve, grow and sell trees of traditional british 
                fruit varieties, or foreign trees that have long made their home 
                in these isles. they are container grown, can be planted at any 
                time of year and can be collected from the nursery throughout 
                the year. please see opening times below. 
there 
                is no online ordering of trees for collection, given the range 
                and quickly changing availability. our trees are rare and living 
                things, which cannot be ordered up out of a warehouse. customers 
                are welcome to advice at the nursery and to order or ask questions 
                on the telephone.


our 
              range includes several hundred varieties, covering apples, pears, 
              plums, gages, cherries, vines, medlars, quinces, and some soft fruit. 
              we also graft new trees from customers' own treasured old ones. 
              our trees are grafted on a range of rootstocks and customers can 
              choose whichever is most suitable for the shape and size of tree, 
              bush or restricted form they want.
 
 






 
much 
                  of our work involves research and conservation of old varieties, 
                  ancient trees and orchards. if you have any knowledge of these, 
                  which you think would be of interest to us, please let us know. 
                  they are fast disappearing and time is pressing. often, we advise 
                  private owners of trees and orchards on an informal basis, but 
                  we also undertake more formal consultancy on a fee-paying basis 
                  for larger and longer term projects. please telephone for details.




 



opening 
                  times
friday, saturday 
                  and sunday, 10.00 to 17.00, every month except 
                  june and july, when closed. 
closed 
                  christmas 
                  eve to new year's day, inclusive.
when 
                  closed, customers are still welcome to visit, provided we have 
                  been informed, in advance, of the day and approximate time that 
                  the customer wishes to come. we are usually here, anyway, so 
                  it is not an inconvenience to us.



 

contact 
                - telephone: 01844 237415 email: ask@bernwodefruittrees.co.uk 
                
                bernwode fruit trees, kingswood lane, ludgershall, buckinghamshire, 
                hp18 9rb


 


 
 
 

