       
	prsa | public relations society of america | prsa
            




  menu        



welcome .
logout



login







  



            myprsa
        



            find a firm
        



            jobs
        



            join
        


 







   



go
  


membership


join or renew


member benefits


membership types


group membership


student membership




professional development


learning opportunities


prsa certificate programs


accreditation in public relations (apr)


resources & toolkits


diverse dialogues


storytellers


american management association courses


search professional development




career


career development


recruit talent


veterans program


mentor connect




conferences & awards


conferences


awards


2025 anvil awards


icon 2025




get involved


member mondays


professional interest sections


chapters & districts


affinity groups


speakers bureau 


college of fellows


for students




publications & news


strategies & tactics


prsay


issues & trends


newsroom


strategies & tactics plus




about


national leadership 


prsa code of ethics


prsa foundation 


diversity, equity & inclusion


sponsorship & advertising


about public relations


past presidents/chairs


prsa milestones




    












we are the leading professional organization serving the public relations and communications community. prsa provides networking opportunities, helps you stay on top of evolving trends, and unites our members through our code of ethics. explore member benefits      join us for member mondays








new & noteworthy





black history month





final entry deadline is feb. 18





super saver rateends mar. 1






saver rate extended to feb. 20






linkedin live feb. 20 1pm et
















currently accepting proposals from vendors for a design thinking based research project.download rfp














prsa named the global public relations association of the year by the global allianceread more ->








prsa offers benefits and resources for every stage of your career journey.



early career











 embark on a path of professional growth!for those in the early phase of their professional journey, prsa membership sets the stage for growth and impact. start your journey!








mid-level career











 continue your journey of growth and influence!as a mid-level pr and communications professional, you are focused on refining your expertise, building leadership skills, and contributing to the evolution of your profession. at prsa, we're here to walk alongside you on this transformative path, offering
    an array of benefits that empower your advancement. learn more!








senior-level career











 evolve your expertise and lead the way for others!as the field of public relations and communications continues to evolve, stay current with timely resources and professional development designed around emerging trends, while also giving back to your profession and embracing the many mentorship, leadership,
    and ethical guidance opportunities offered by prsa. find out more!










jobcenter



latest and featured job postingsview all listings
 















sign up for emails from prsa






















learn





explore professional development






get accredited in public relations






search upcoming webinars






complete a certificate course







connect





attend conferences & events





participate in professional interest sections 




find your local chapter





join our online community






discover





resources & toolkits





on-demand learning programs





anvil awards






member exclusive benefits











learn how to become a prsa member






publications & news







strategies & tactics







make ai your writing ally without losing your human touch
learn more






newsroom







our position on dei for prsa and prssa members
learn more






prsay



the voice of public relations








  







every advancement i made throughout my career had a connection with prsa.
tom veenstra, apr — vice president of administration, central career center




i cherish my prsa membership for the invaluable networking opportunities, professional development and collaborative environment that continually enrich my skills and passion for the field.
alisa crider — director, investor & public relations, hampton roads alliance




throughout my 15+ years with prsa, i've learned so much from my peers. i could not have begun to imagine how much i truly enjoy and look forward to connecting with members from all over the country! thank you prsa for continuing to broaden my horizons!
rene petties-jones — president, the national federation for just communities of wny, inc.




i love prsa. i enjoy meeting our many chapter members across the country, gaining insights about pr and communication industry trends, and having the opportunity to help shape the profession and prsa.
thomas bennett — senior vice president, fleishmanhillard




through prsa, i have met so many wonderful people. they have become my friends, my mentors, my go-to people. i have also had the opportunity to mentor others. the networking opportunities afforded to members are phenomenal. get involved. you won’t regret it.
janet kacskos, apr, fellow prsa — director of communications, millersville university
































member of the
 












     



   
public relations society of america inc.
120 wall street, 21st fl.
new york, ny 10005-4024







    

trending


whether you're looking for a new position or a new employee, start your search on the prsa jobcenter.
   


contact us


privacy policy


terms of use


member directory


newsroom


sitemap


careers


find a firm


sponsorship & advertising



© 2025 public relations society of america inc.
  
   














  
