homepage | the graduate schoolskip to mainmenucloseaction menuutility menuprimary navigationloading...homepageapply nowstart heregrad programsexplorefind fundingsearchquick linksprospective studentsprospective students guide
programs and degrees
application: instructions | deadlines
cost of attendance
financial support: ph.d. | master's
data on admissions, degree completion, graduates' careers 
advice on choosing and applying to graduate schoolcurrent studentscurrent students guide
funding opportunities
graduate bulletin
graduation deadlines
policies and forms
resources: mentoring | teaching | writing
rcr requirements, programming, and credits
student records and registration
theses and dissertations guidelines and templates
tuition, fees, and stipendsfaculty and stafffaculty and staff guide
dgs manual
dgsa manual
list of dgss and dgsas
resources for dgss and dgsas
policies and forms
graduate bulletincontactgraduate school staff
directors of graduate studies and assistants
not sure whom you should reach out to? our contact page lists contacts for common questions/topics. you can also fill out the form on that page and we will direct your inquiry to the right person or office.
for questions about this website, email grad-web@duke.edu.why duke

image
 



world-class faculty
duke's graduate programs are designed so that students work closely with top experts in their fields. | see our 1,300+ graduate faculty

image
 



strong student support
you will find numerous resources and services to support your academic, financial, social, physical, and mental wellbeing. | see student resources

image
 



great place to call home
duke's home city of durham and the wider triangle area are perennially listed among the best places to live in america. | discover durham

image
 



robust professional development
we actively help you explore all your career options and prepare yourself for success no matter which path you choose. | check out our offerings

image
 



vibrant student life
no matter your background or interests, you will be able to find your community at duke. | our support for student groups

image
 



global alumni connections
you will have access to a 160,000-strong alumni network that includes leaders and innovators in every field. | duke alumni networkspotlightsthere are no story items to show.more spotlightshighlights of the graduate school's workloading...building a more diverse dukeour university center of exemplary mentoring recruits and supports ph.d. students from underrepresented minorities in the physical sciences and engineering.duke ucem siteloading...teaching you how to teachfrom one-off ta workshops to an in-depth college teaching certificate, our resources and programming help graduate students hone their teaching skills and strengthen their cvs. college teaching supportloading...helping you find communitywe work hard to create a welcoming and supportive environment for all our graduate students. hear from a few of them on the moments when they found their place at duke.watch the videosloading...cultivating good mentoringgood mentoring is critical to success in graduate school, so we spend significant time working with faculty and students to cultivate a strong culture of mentoring at duke.mentoring resourcesloading...providing language supportour english for international students program offers courses, consultations, and other resources to ensure students have the english language support they need to succeed.more about eisloading...creating a safe environmentour graduate students are entitled to learning environments free from harassment, discrimination, and sexual misconducts. see their options for addressing such concerns.resources & contactsmore on what we donewsthere are no news items to show.more newsalumni profilesthere are no blog items to show.more profiles the graduate schoolthe graduate school2127 campus drivedurham, nc 27708(919) 681-3257contact usmake a giftcopyright © 2025 duke universityaccessibilityprivacy statement

