















      vannatta forestry, logging machinery, log skidders, timber
      museum
    











          click most photos on this site for larger view
        



van natta forestry and logging
      with native birds, plants and animals


      welcome to the vannatta logging and forestry site. in the
      pages that follow you will find information including
      extensive text and a parallel photographic history of the
      van natta family whose ancestors have been logging in
      columbia county oregon for more than a century spread over
      5 generations.
    


      there are over 500 pages on this site organized into
      topical catagories and the list of catagories in in a
      yellow box on the bottom of every page. each category will
      have a list on the left of pages relevant to that category.
      there is also a sitemap that
          displays a list of the 500+ pages in alphabetical
          order. photos with blue borders are thumbnails and
          something is behind the photo. on this page it is
          generally the related topical area shown in the photo,
          but everywhere else it is a larger photo of the photo
          you are seeing. the navigation area at the bottom of
          the page looks like this:
    





      the earliest known family logging picture was taken near
      st. helens around 1885, and shows a bull team pulling logs
      which were harvested near where the st. helens high school
      now stands. from this paul bunyon style logging you will
      find threads all the way to the 21st century logging
      technology. almost every page features one or more photos.
      to keep the whole process tolerably bandwidth friendly,
      thumbnails are generally imbedded in the text which may be
      expanded to a viewable size by using an appropriate
      hypertext link activator (click on it!). the exception is
      this page where the thumbnails take you to major site
      indices. the list below will take you to major chapters
      which in some cases have numerous pages. major chapters are
      also listed at the bottom of most pages. frames are used
      often but some alternate viewing areas are provided for
      frames challenged browsers.
    











logging history






            in the beginning you will find text and photographs
            from the early days. many of these photographs
            feature members of the wikstrom family. this
            writer's paternal grandmother was a wikstrom,
            daughter of i. g. wikstrom, an old country swede who
            settled in the st. helens area in about 1885.
            featured here is old family logging information as
            well as materials on columbia
            county logging railroads. the logging history
            area is also augmented with gracious donations from
            others including the irvin
            logging photos. we have quite a wide collection
            of old photos and well as some articles and links to
            other historical logging and railroad sites. the
            collection is not complete but does present a good
            variety.
          







early skidders






            the log skidder
            development section will provide you a history of
            the development of the rubber tired log skidder from
            the mid 1950's when they were first introduced up
            to the present time. this page features a historic
            wagner prototype skidder
            and a more contemporary (last 20 years) cat 528 skidder. machines of this
            type have handled ground logging for 30 years. to be
            sure, tracked vehicles have continued to be used, but
            where feasible, these rubber tired vehicles operate
            much less expensively than tracked vehicles. this
            page follows the skidders from the 1950's
            forward, and is followed by several pages devoted to
            current models. the machines have evolved fairly
            slowly but have never the less changed. the concept
            was more or less invented as a cottage industry and
            then taken over by the major manufacturers. the
            market is now dominated by cat, john deere, and
            timberjack, though neither cat nor john deere were in
            the business early on. 













new skidders






            the new morgan silva
            track features information on a new technology
            skidder with many new features designed to make it
            ecologically friendly. among the largest rubber tired
            skidders ever produced in the world, the morgan silva
            track combines steerable axles with an articulated
            frame and hydrostatic drive to make a machine capable
            of tremendous capacity. a logic box (and in recent
            models a computer) in the hydraulic drive assures
            that all wheels will spin and at the same time
            provides for the flexibility so the machine can turn
            without dragging its wheels as is characteristic of
            the mechanical drive/posi-traction skidders. two
            completely isolated hydraulic systems are provided,
            one for the drive and the other for the traditional
            hydraulic functions. speed is controlled via variable
            displacement pumps. 













log loaders






            the log loader page features various log loaders
            including the drott 80r. read here about the problems
            with rubber tired log loaders as well and their
            benefits as compared to a tracked loader. the
            narrative is extensive but there are pictures as
            well. there are a variety of other loaders in the iron museum also
            along with a numerous other machines including a
            dico loader on rubber
            tires, an american 35a on
            tracks and a classic combination yarder-loader, the
            washington tl-6. nothing like it has ever been made
            before or is likely to be made again. hydraulic
            machines displaced the cable machines in the
            1960's. some models are specifically designed as
            log loaders but for the most part they are excavators
            with a modification package, usually consisting of a
            special boom (usually a straight one) and an elevated
            cab. prior to that time, the heel boom with either
            tongs or a grapple was the standard. loaders are
            still often called 'shovels' dating to the
            days that modified 'steam shovels' were used.
            if tongs were used loading a truck was a 3 man job.
            besides the machine operator, ther would be one man
            to set the tongs, and the truck driver would usually
            stand on a platform above the truck cab and climb out
            on the load to release the tongs. the grapple which
            worked better in larger wood required only the shovel
            operator of course it wasn't really a shovel as
            the shovel front was replaced with the heel boom,
            although occasionally someone just took the bucket
            off of a shovel and placed a grapple there. this
            configuration was called a 'scissors boom'. 
            













trucks






the truck museum features
            various trucks of the vannatta family beginning with
            a 1938 international, and also featuring the
            "l" and "r" series harvesters,
            along with an off highway monster called the
            payhauler as well as an army m123a1c 10 ton tractor and
            including with a classic dodge
            power wagon. there are thumbnail pictures all the
            way through which will expand. more than 20 trucks
            are to be found in the truck museum, mostly, but not
            all 4 wheel or 6 wheel drive. trucks, of course, to
            many things other than work in the woods, but this
            collection of trucks is focused in that way. many are
            vannatta trucks, but the collection has been
            augmented with other trucks of interest. while many
            of the trucks shown here are of an international
            harvester heritage, this isn't to imply that they
            are the only kind of trucks in the woods. actually,
            nearly every kind of truck has been used in the woods
            and some such as kenworth, peterbilt, and pacific
            have a heritage from the pacific northwestt timber
            industry. we have ih trucks because the first truck
            we bought was an ih and we learned what was good and
            bad about them. 













bulldozers






            loggers aren't loggers unless they have bulldozers and you won't be
            disappointed, because we have lots of them along with
            a few pictures of the neighbors dozers. in addition
            to the featured fiat allis 31, we have an ac hd21a,
            and a caterpillar d-9, d-6c, and our d-4 cat . of
            these the 2 cats are other people's cats. of
            these dozers, the fa 31 is clearly the largest at 425
            hp. followed by the d9g at about 350, and the hd21 at
            270 hp. these are all rock cats. the d-6c is an
            intermediate sized dozer equipped in this photo with
            an integral arch for logging. dozers are the classic
            all purpose machine. one used to never see a logging
            side without one, but in recent years their
            popularity has declined. between road building
            excavators and rubber tired skidders, who needs one?
            similarly, logging has become increasingly
            specialized. the roads which are often the reason for
            having a dozer around are often built some years
            ahead of the logging. 













logging iron






            the iron museum page features
            yarders, excavators, road graders, rock loaders and
            related machinery as well as still more log loaders
            and bulldozers. find on this page a wide variety of
            machines and a rich selection of photographs. the
            text is considerable with pictures throughout so stay
            with it to the end even if you want to see only the
            pictures. featured here is achampion 760 grader and a fiatallis 745 front end loader along
            with rock drilling
            equipment. for the index of
            over 20 machines push the thumbnail photo on the
            left. you can find all kinds of iron here. old, new
            and other. we aren't selling iron, but what you
            will see here is a good sampling of what has been
            around over the last 50 years to provide a logger
            with the help that he needed to get the job done. 
            














shop tools






shop
               tools now have their own section. this
               includes machine tools, lathes, hand tools and
               welding equipment. of special interest to loggers
               are field service trucks, welding rigs and the
               like. we maintain a well stocked machine shop for
               making those parts that you can't find
               elsewhere and also doing such things has hydraulic
               service that require some machine tools. the
               machine tools are out of a different century for a
               couple of reasons. they are inexpensive, and they
               are suited to the task. modern electronic control
               machinery is not what you need for making one of a
               kind repair parts. update: the lathes
               have been moved to a new section. 













hand tools






            logger's use small tools
            also. featured here are both new and old tools
            including chain saws, hand saws, wedges, axes and a
            variety of hand tools. more than 25 saws and hand
            tools both old an new are to be found here. 
            













places





          this is a growing section which includes pages on
          west oregon communities as
          well as original photos of the mount st. helens
          eruption, and various photos of places, plants, animals
          birds of interest grouped asnifty pictures, camera equipment, native plant guide, animals, and birds. 















          the silvaculture links page
          features links in the classic vannatta narrative style
          to silvacultural sites throughout the world. there are
          forestry related links from around the world here and
          lots of them.
          






      environmental management
    

      there are those among our number to periodically advocate
      that timber not be harvested. not everyone has figured out
      that our forests are a renewable resource which like any
      crop will spoil if not tended to. the fact is that much of
      our western timber land is now being harvested for the
      second or third time since european settlers first moved
      west a little over 150 years ago. it has not occurred to
      them, that trees like any other crop this is not harvested
      ultimately spoils anyway. the ultimate destiny of
      unharvested western forests is a wildfire.
    









      - - updated 11/15/2015
    

      - - updated 06/12/2015
    

      - - updated 04/23/2010
    

      - - updated 06/26/2008
    

      - - updated 7/09/2006
    

      - - updated 3/20/2008
    


