









air duct cleaning houston tx, & commercial air duct cleaning austin tx











































 















home
about
services

commercial

commercial air duct cleaning
commercial air duct sealing
coil cleaning
commercial air handler cleaning


industrial
government
marine cleaning
residential

residential air duct cleaning
air duct mold removal
post construction air duct cleanup


bid room estimates


faqs
reviews
service areas
contact
 
				  menu				  



request a quote (713) 645-4611







we provide
air duct cleaning in texas
since 1991
request a quote(713) 645-4611
we provide
air duct cleaning in texas
since 1991
request a quote(713) 645-4611
we provide
air duct cleaning in texas
since 1991
request a quote(713) 645-4611
we provide
air duct cleaning in texas
since 1991
request a quote(713) 645-4611
we provide
air duct cleaning in texas
since 1991
request a quote(713) 645-4611
 
 










residential, commercial & industrial air duct cleaning, air vent cleaning, commercial air handler cleaning & air duct mold remediation in houston, cypress, pearland, the woodlands, sugar land, austin, tx, & surrounding areas




air duct cleaning houston, texas
do you need air duct cleaning in your home or office?
if you are looking for commercial, government, and marine air duct cleaning and hvac system cleaning services in houston, dallas, fort worth, austin, and san antonio, texas, then power vac america is the company for you. for our residential customers, call us for your home air duct cleaning in houston.


helping you for over 30 years
since 1991, we have been cleaning your air ducts and hvac systems. we are now one of the largest air duct cleaning companies in texas! we are also a certified member of the national air duct cleaners association (nadca).
about us



30+
years of service and dedication






we clean air ducts
you want the right tool for the job, which is why power vac america invests in state-of-the-art equipment designed specifically for use in duct cleaning. read more about our duct cleaning tools.
request a quote   713-645-4611



our professional affiliations
to better serve you, we have partnered with these organizations to review and verify
the quality of work that power vac america performs and to insure your customer satisfaction:



learn more



commercial and residential air duct cleaning houston
if you want to significantly improve your indoor air quality (iaq) in your home or office, then cleaning to the nadca standards is critical. you will find that we are committed to the highest level of professional quality, maintaining and developing industry standards, and continuing technical and safety training. our air duct cleaning houston practices and equipment are state-of-the-art to better solve your problems.
request a quote   713-645-4611


best air duct cleaning in texas
for commercial offices, government buildings, industrial plants, and luxury homes



 commercial commercial 
if you are looking to control fungus, bacteria, particulates, dirt, debris, odors and health concerns in your hvac system and air ducts, call power vac america today for your commercial air duct cleaning services. our commercial air duct cleaning department serves all of texas, including austin, san antonio, dallas, fort worth, and all areas in between.
read more


 industrial plants industrial plants 
if you are experiencing indoor air quality problems at your industrial plant, chemical plant or warehouse facility, you need solutions with safety as the highest priority. with our extensive experience working in refinery plants and other industrial complexes, we have a solution that will fit your facility. call us today and to find our a+ rating for safety on isnetworld.
read more


 government buildings government buildings 
as a local, state or federal government agency, you need to find the highest quality for duct cleaning in the most efficient procurement process possible. to meet this need, we have a variety of interlocal procurement contracts already in place. we want to make your job for finding an air duct and hvac systems cleaner easier with the contracts that we hold.
read more


 residential homes residential homes 
if you are experiencing indoor allergies, excess dust, odors, black stuff blowing out or mold on your ceiling registers, you need to call power vac america today for our residential air duct cleaning service in houston, texas. serving houston and the surrounding area, we will clean your system in accordance with the nadca standards.
read more


 marine cleaning marine cleaning 
your crew on your ship, yacht, tug boat, cruise ship or docked oil rig will benefit from having the hvac system and air ducts cleaned by a professional marine air duct cleaning specialist. if you are in houston and the surrounding gulf coast area, give us a call and let us rid your hvac system of the stuff that is making everyone sick.
read more


 bid room estimates bid room estimates 
do you have a public or private construction job that is asking for a bid on duct cleaning? we have an air duct cleaning bid room that is capable of providing you an estimate on your projects that specify air duct cleaning. we can provide you with a written proposal for your post-construction or post-renovation project, whether you are a mechanical, general, or a specialty contractor.
read more




industries we serve



local government
state government
federal government
industrial facilities
chemical plants
institutional




hospital/healthcare facilities
laboratories
schools and universities
ships, boats, and marine
manufacturing and warehouse facilities
retail shops and malls




hotels, restaurants, and grocers
mid and high-rise buildings
residences, homes and townhouses
condominiums and apartments
new construction & renovations






frequently asked questions
about air duct cleaning

why should i have my air ducts cleaned

if you are experiencing excess dust, black stuff blowing out, mold or fungus on your vent covers/registers, odors, allergies, health concerns, or people complaining, you should have your entire air conditioning system and air ducts cleaned.
in some cases, people that are moving into a home or building that was previously occupied, simple what to get the systems cleaned to remove the dirt, debris, dust and dander left behind by the others.
after a construction project, it is critical to have your hvac system cleaned. for both residential and commercial, the general contractor will be running the air conditioning system for both temperature and humidity control. with the systems running, the construction dust is pulled into the return air system and circulates throughout the system. when the systems are not running, the dust simply settles inside of the supply ductwork.
how to tell when your air ducts need cleaning
how can hvac duct cleaning improve my energy efficiency

are there any health benefits that come from hvac system air duct cleaning?

heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (hvac) systems have been shown to act as collection sources for a variety of contaminants that have the potential to affect health, such as mold, fungi, bacteria, and very small particles of dust. when you remove these contaminants from the hvac system , you improve your overall indoor air quality. in areas of high humidity like we experience in houston, the positive results from air duct cleaning houston, tx are especially noticeable.

what criteria should i use when selecting an hvac system air duct cleaner?

to narrow down your pool of potential air duct cleaning contractors, use the following pre-qualifications:

make sure the company is a member in good standing of the national air duct cleaners association (nadca).
make sure that the company has an air conditioning contractor’s license. in the state of texas, the air duct cleaning contractor has to have an ac license to properly clean all components of your system and to use any anti-microbial products.
see if the air duct cleaning company has been in business long enough to have adequate experience.
get proof that the company is properly licensed and adequately insured.
verify that the air duct cleaning houston company is certified by nadca to perform hvac system cleaning.
make sure that the company is going to clean and visually inspect all of the air ducts and related system components.
avoid advertisements for “$99 whole house specials” and other sales gimmicks.
ask if the company has the right equipment to effectively perform air duct cleaning, and if the company has done work in homes or apartments similar to yours. get references from neighbors if possible or check the company’s bbb rating.

there are many companies offering air duct cleaning houston, tx, but unfortunately many of them are not certified or licensed. protect your home and your loved ones by choosing a licensed and certified air duct cleaner in houston, tx.

will hvac system cleaning reduce our home energy bills?

research by the u.s. epa has demonstrated that hvac system air duct cleaning may allow systems to run more efficiently by removing debris from sensitive mechanical components. clean, efficient systems are less likely to break down, have a longer life span, and generally operate more effectively than dirty systems.



read more faqs



customer reviews
your guys were absolutely awesome.
they went out of their way to make sure i was completely satisfied, and they did a great job. very ...home ownerwendy f. i will use them again for sure.
i am very pleased with the service that i received from powervac america. not only is my system working more ...home ownerstacey c.definitely would recommend.
our duct and vent cleaning was done very thoroughly and both men communicated everything they did plus provided pictures to ...home ownerrachana p.thank you for sending the very professional crew.
please let them know that we appreciate their hard work and professional attitude.project: supply ductworkbuilding: church in wharton, txcommercial customerhenry b.awesome dryer vent cleaning services!
just wanted you to know that power vac america, the company you sent to do the dryer vent cleaning were ...project: 10 dryer vent risersbuilding: eight-story mid-risecommercial customerj.r.excellent job performing air duct cleaning for our office.
power vac’s work crew did a great job in cleaning our office’s air ducts and air handlers. they performed the ...project: air handler unit cleaning, coil cleaning, and supply ductwork cleaningbuilding: commercial office buildingcommercial customercandy k. we plan to continue to keep power vac as a preferred vendor.
the team at power vac have been cleaning our duct work for the past 5 years. the guys work with ...project: air handler unit cleaning, supply and return ductwork cleaningbuilding: garrison isd school buildingscommercial customerdavid c.timely quality and can do attitude!
servpro’s extreme response team in houston, tx has utilized power vac america for hvac air handler and duct cleaning, deodorization ...project: multiple projects including air handler unit cleaning and duct cleaningbuilding: retail and commercial buildingscommercial customergary s.i highly recommend their air duct cleaning services.
i have been dealing with powervac america for over two years and have never had a bad experience. the owner ...commercial customerrichard w.
read more reviews



request a free quote

 


























select service neededcommercialindustrialgovernmentresidentialmarine cleaningbid room estimateother






















 







air duct cleaning servicescommercial
industrial
government
residential
marine cleaning
bid room estimates
dirty duct hall of fame
our duct cleaning equipment
our companyabout us
meet our team
our affiliations
customer reviews
locations served
air duct cleaning faqs
contact us
blog
sitemap
 




6613 springer street
houston, tx 77087
713-645-4611



stay connected: 

view all service locations

 




 © copyright 2022. power vac america, inc. license #: tacla28012e. all rights reserved. 

























