



cheese related news articles



















the best website ever 

  
    
	cheese related news articles
	
  

 my home page ~   my pictures ~   radio ~   cheese related news articles ~   chemistry ~   neuroscience notes tomato info 







saturday, june 09, 2007




preservation group gears up for garden tourthe daily astorian, or - may 30, 2007wine and cheese will be served at the last garden. raffle tickets will be sold for $1 each or 15 for $10 on the day of the tour, or may be purchased in advance in the lcps booth at the sunday market a few weeks prior to the tour.quick recipes for junehanson, whitman & east bridgewater express, ma - may 30, 2007spread about 1/2 cup cheese  mixture on each lasagna noodle, roll up. pour a half a cup of pasta sauce into the bottom of a 9 by 13 inch baking dish.a tribute to jeon do-yeonohmynews international, south korea - may 30, 2007what i said exactly was that i would eat cheese and drink wine instead of soybean paste and soju for a year if "old boy" won the grand prix, by which i really meant the palm d'or, and i have at least kept the promise on the wine part, even though the ...~ readings, etc. ~la city beat, ca - may 30, 2007cheese and wine tasting. the cheese store of beverly hills hosts a tasting event for spanish cheeses and wines. sharky’s patio, 435 n beverly dr, beverly hills, (310) 278-2855.restaurant review: ta verns doesn't live up to its choice locationfort pierce tribune (subscription), fl - may 30, 2007unfortunately, the gorgonzola cheese was extremely salty, the mushrooms came from a can and the roasted peppers were limp and flavorless.a tribute to jeon do-yeon오마이뉴스, south korea - may 30, 2007what i said exactly was that i would eat cheese and drink wine instead of soybean paste and soju for a year if "old boy" won the grand prix, by which i really meant the palm d'or, and i have at least kept the promise on the wine part, even though the ...more morsels: trio of chocolate bars delight palatesan jose mercury news,  usa - may 30, 2007enjoy sipping it all on its own, or paired with spicy asian food or luscious blue cheese. the cider, $10 for a 750ml bottle, is available at www.bhs grad on a mission in fijibrookline tab, ma - may 30, 2007“i miss cottage cheese,” nolan said. “nobody has a clue what that is here.” although english is the national language, nolan said she mostly speaks fijian hindi with her indian clients at ra naari parishad, a nongovernmental organization aiding local ...hunt: egg carton catches foreman grill drippingskane county chronicle, il - may 30, 2007i use it to make quesadillas and grilled-cheese sandwiches. i prepare both as if i were going to fix them in a skillet, lay them on the waffle iron and close the lid.hunt: egg carton catches foreman grill drippingsnorthwest herald, il - may 30, 2007i use it to make quesadillas and grilled-cheese sandwiches. i prepare both as if i were going to fix them in a skillet, lay them on the waffle iron and close the lid.milk moustache the myths of milkdentalplans.com, fl - may 30, 2007we love milk and consume it constantly as a beverage, cheese, ice cream, yogurt, etc. how can something  so "natural" be bad for us?cheese the new  cure for smokingdentalplans.com, fl - may 30, 2007many people believe that cheese is bad for your health. the rising concerns regarding fat intake and cholesterol levels have turned people against cheese. the truth is, one serving of cheese contains 200 to 300 mg of calcium and is a wonderful source ...local speller will go onst. louis post-dispatch,  united states - may 30, 2007asked 14-year-old michael yeh of kokomo, ind., exercising his right to ask for a definition before correctly spelling the popular kids' food often served with cheese. the multiple choice test (worth 25 points) and the preliminary oral round (worth ...so what do the contents of your fridge say about you?scotsman, united kingdom - may 30, 2007craig millar, director and executive chef at the seafood restaurant in st andrews, said: "i'd suggest a few other things, like goats' cheese, some pancetta, crème fraîche, some smoked fish, fennel - and a nice bottle of champagne.six flags signs up starburstmilwaukee business journal, wi - may 30, 2007since winning control of six flags in a board room fight in 2005, dan snyder and his team have cut losses, increased park attendance and sales and struck several marketing and promotional deals, including ones with kraft macaroni and cheese and ...carbon labels to help shoppers save planetguardian unlimited, uk - may 30, 2007walkers cheese and onion crisps now bear a label warning buyers that their carbon footprint is 75g a packet. "we've already been approached by more than 120 companies from a range of sectors," said euan murray, strategy manager at the carbon trust.warm beer/lousyfood — not!pasadena weekly, ca - may 30, 2007i preferred the flaky pasty, but our visitors loved the mash-and-cheese topping on the "pie." we'd ordered curry with trepidation, knowing how lukewarm brits are toward over-spicing.elbow deepthe portland mercury, or - may 30, 2007this week, dishwasher pete, as he's best known, returns to his former hometown of portland, not to get his hands dirty in the dishpit, but to read from dishwasher and to show off his "impressive collection of mac 'n' cheese boxes and dishwasher ...a tamis (rhymes with 'whammy') lets you create velvety bisques ...los angeles times, ca - may 30, 2007cimarusti says all of providence's fruit and vegetable purées are passed through a tamis, as is grated parmesan cheese. grated cheese? "try it yourself," cimarusti says. "make a simple pasta and toss it with cheese grated the normal way.blueberry hazelnut tiramisutaste.com.au, australia - may 30, 2007look for it in bottle shops. you could replace it with another liqueur, or with orange juice, if you prefer. note: mascarpone cheese is an italian cream cheese. look for it in the refrigerated cheese section of your supermarket.return of saturn49abcnews.com, ks - may 30, 2007so we took comfort in the stadium snacks...like these tasty chili cheese fries. spicy, hot meat and melted cheese topping crunchy fries.feeling hot, hot, hotcincinnati citybeat, oh - may 30, 2007the sunday morning roll ($6.50) was sliced on an angle, containing salmon and cream cheese and, though not referenced in the printed description, garnished with a hot, fruity, peppery thai sriracha sauce that rendered it inedible to my daughter's ...storefronting: no mo' home depotcurbed, ny - may 30, 2007froma is set to open mid june and is looking for sales staff, esp the kind who is "passionate about cheese, charcuterie, grocery, and wine.carbon labels to help shoppersguardian unlimited, uk - may 30, 2007walkers cheese and onion crisps now bear a label warning buyers that their carbon footprint is 75g a packet. "we've already been approached by more than 120 companies from a range of sectors," said euan murray, strategy manager at the carbon trust.european vacation: trip to auschwitzcstv.com, ny - may 30, 2007we had pancakes filled with cheese and topped with strawberries and cream, very similar to crepes. we also had a vegetable salad that tasted like a potato salad beforehand, but everyone loved the pancakes!big flavor in a small localeatlanta journal constitution (subscription),  usa - may 30, 2007the list of appetizers includes mexican-fare favorites like guacamole and cheese dips. the spinach and cheese dip was salty and a bit tough to eat - spinach leaves are mixed in with the melted cheese. they kept falling off our chips.dairy prices rising this summerfirst coast news, fl - may 30, 2007(ap) -- liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy aisle in a grocery store ...tom drops in to food festivalsouthport visiter, uk - may 30, 2007he hosted the final day of the event, taking centre stage to serve up a feast using local ingredients such as formby asparagus, ainsdale’s samphire sea plant, lancashire cheese and southport potted shrimps. the marquee was buzzing with exciting ...her research? chocolate consumptionorange county register, ca - may 30, 2007she starts each day with cottage cheese topped with blueberries, pecans and chocolate nibs, one of the purest forms of chocolate.treasure islandvariety - may 30, 2007... black dog and authoritative captain smollet; charles krohn as ill-fated billy bones; mark shanahan as cutthroat george merry; noble shropshire as the cheese-famished ben gunn; and melissa pritchett as jack's anxious mom and a saucy pirate lass.fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failwaikato times, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.fonterra calls for law change in court losstarankai daily news, new zealand - may 30, 2007"both open country cheese and tatua have access to their own milk supply," the fonterra spokesman said. "they can get as much milk as they need without using the regulations.fonterra calls for law change in court lossthe press west coast, new zealand - may 30, 2007"both open country cheese and tatua have access to their own milk supply," the fonterra spokesman said. "they can get as much milk as they need without using the regulations.fonterra calls for law change in court lossthe press, new zealand - may 30, 2007"both open country cheese and tatua have access to their own milk supply," the fonterra spokesman said. "they can get as much milk as they need without using the regulations.what to do in the great outdoorsbirminham weekly mixed media, al - may 30, 2007moderate hike to hawk’s view overlook as the sun sets, sip wine and sample cheese, then return in the late twilight. 1.5 miles.national spelling bee youngsters advancesarasota herald-tribune, fl - may 30, 2007asked 14-year-old michael yeh of kokomo, ind., exercising his right to ask for a definition before correctly spelling the popular kids' food often served with cheese. the multiple choice test (worth 25 points) and the preliminary oral round (worth ...fonterra calls for law change in court lossindependent community newspaper, new zealand - may 30, 2007"both open country cheese and tatua have access to their own milk supply," the fonterra spokesman said. "they can get as much milk as they need without using the regulations.let's drink to venicenews.com.au, australia - may 30, 2007usually olives, dips, crostini, bruschetta, even small slices of pizza, cheese or salami are customary. it's the antithesis of the overpriced touristy restaurants in the streets surrounding venice's impressive main square, piazza san marco.fonterra calls for law change in court lossnorthland independent community, new zealand - may 30, 2007"both open country cheese and tatua have access to their own milk supply," the fonterra spokesman said. "they can get as much milk as they need without using the regulations.porridge cubedfwweekly, tx - may 30, 2007the lunch box’s ultra-mini-dagwood was packed with slices of savory corned beef, swiss cheese, a thin layer of sauerkraut, and a “special sauce” that seemed to involve mustard.patt morrison: $3-a-day food budget is recipe for troubleminneapolis star tribune (subscription), mn - may 30, 2007hormel single-serving mac  and cheese, 25 percent saturated fat and 820 milligrams of sodium. cup noodles, 12 for $4, but nearly half a day's sodium allotment in one serving.is there room for two farmers markets in michiana?fox 28, in - may 30, 2007"right here, get your oatmeal raisin cinnamon dough with cream cheese baked inside," shouts baker keith marcinkowski.happy hour, twistedthestranger.com, wa - may 30, 2007... spring rolls and pot stickers of grocery-store-freezer-case caliber; mass-produced hard taco shells filled with barely seasoned, dry "chipotole" ground beef, pre-shredded yellow and orange cheese, and tiny cubes of tasteless tomato.this week's new releasesthestranger.com, wa - may 30, 2007the object is an enormous wheel of cheese. it plays no role other than to look creamy. it's a red herring—except, you know, pale yellow.forget worries about $4 gas ... now it’s $4 milkmsnbc - may 30, 2007charles rex arbogast / ap champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it.fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failthe southland times, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters saythe southern, il - may 30, 2007by david mercer champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy ...dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters saynwitimes.com, in - may 30, 2007by david mercer champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy ...dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters sayjournal gazette and times-courier, il - may 30, 2007by david mercer champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy ...six flags signs up starburstbizjournals.com, nc - may 30, 2007since winning control of six flags in a board room fight in 2005, dan snyder and his team have cut losses, increased park attendance and sales and struck several marketing and promotional deals, including ones with kraft macaroni and cheese and ...nascar team owner jeff milburn might never win a race, but there's ...dallas observer, tx - may 30, 2007the floor-to-ceiling wine room is embedded with still more leds fermenting great gooey curds of light show cheese: bouncing balls, waves of blue, fluttering bats (we think) and star spangles.paradise lustriverfront times, mo - may 30, 2007these delicate morsels, adrift in a sauce of melted, mildly tangy caciotta (a tuscan cheese made mostly from sheep's milk), were very good, but the true object of my lust was the black truffle that had been grated atop the dish, its aroma and flavor as ...fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failthe nelson mail, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failauckland stuff.co.nz, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters saykatc, la - may 30, 2007champaign, ill. -- liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy aisle in a ...fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failmarlborough express, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failthe dominion post, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.school menuscameron citizen-observer (subscription), mo - may 30, 2007thursday, june 7 - mini corn dog, macaroni and cheese, mixed vegetables, fruit, turnover and milk. friday, june 8 - toasted cheese sandwich, tater tots, vegetable sticks with dip, brownie and milk. monday, june 4 - chicken nuggets, mashed potatoes, ...paradise losttimes online, uk - may 30, 2007john stockwell’s horror thriller paradise lost falls neatly between the chalk  and cheese of meyers and roth. a bus containing a group of backpackers tumbles off a cliff in brazil.fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failstuff.co.nz, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failmanawatu standard, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.fonterra challenge to protection for tiny rivals may failthe timaru herald, new zealand - may 30, 2007it said a supreme court decision yesterday upholding commerce commission rulings against fonterra on technical issues over the way it priced raw milk meant its "farmers are unfairly subsidising other processors such as open country cheese and tatua.i love picklesyourhub.com, co - may 30, 2007one of my favorite sandwiches at subway is their turkey and cheese sub. i require a mere four ingredients on my sub: bread, turkey, cheese and, you  guessed it - pickles. i don't need or want any other ingredients. but, i don't want just a few pickles.security cameras to track dumping scofflawschesterton tribune,  united states - may 30, 2007or if you’re dumping  construction materials or other unauthorized items there–just say cheese and smile. street commissioner john schnadenberg told the town council at its meeting tuesday night that he’s bitten the bullet and used $4549 from his budget ...dairy prices up and heading higherforbes, ny - may 30, 2007by david mercer 05.30.07, 4:45 pm et liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...a quick look at what's happening in the national post blogosphere ...national post, canada - may 30, 2007and on high cheese, post baseball reporter john lott recounts blue jay aaron hill's thrilling straight steal of home plate against yankees pitcher andy pettitte tuesday night.county june dairy breakfast saturdaychetek alert,  united states - may 30, 2007the menu for the breakfast includes pancakes, maple syrup, omelets, applesauce, cheese, ice cream sundaes, and beverages. tours, exhibits, a petting zoo, a hay ride and r country gals are all part of the festivities.dairy prices up and heading higherbusinessweek - may 30, 2007by david mercer liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy aisle in a ...dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters saywave, ky - may 30, 2007(champaign, ill.) -- liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it'' and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy aisle in a ...this week's quick hitsappleton post crescent,  usa - may 30, 2007the first of the fox valley’s food festivals takes place friday through sunday with the great wisconsin cheese festival. the event will be held in doyle park in little chute.throw-down-goliath nacho hot dogslaist, ca - may 30, 2007usually, he loses, cause i mean come on: can anybody really make a cheese steak better than a philly native? what about fish n' chips from some grotty bar in the east end?dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters saysan diego union tribune, united states - may 30, 2007by david mercer ap champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. “ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it” and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...man vs. cake – a recipe for disasterchristian science monitor, ma - may 30, 2007martha stewart i am not, and outside the realm of a peanut butter sandwich or boxed macaroni and cheese, things can get dicey when the preparation of food is involved.project green leader looks toward career after graduationscad chronicle, ga - may 30, 2007“it’sa goat dairy, so i’ll be milking goats and making cheese and that sort of thing. at the same time, i hope to work for a timber-framing group in the area to develop my craft skills.coupon clipper - hamburgergothamist, ny - may 30, 2007as for toppings, we like some grilled onions, ketchup, mustard, and some cheese to seal the deal. lots of cheeses will work, but honestly, american melts best.venetian bistro & pastry shophouston press, tx - may 30, 2007by robb walsh the delicate crust on the cheese pastry at venetian bistro & pastry shop on bellaire shatters into tender, buttery flakes as soon as i take a bite.a popular art car gets bootedhouston press, tx - may 30, 2007mark shanahan snarls and roars appropriately as mutinous wannabe george merry, and noble shropshire gleefully prances about as mad ben gunn, chuckling over the delectable thought of roasted cheese. while the production  is much too bright and without ...dairy prices up and heading higherhemscott, uk - may 30, 2007champaign, ill. (ap) - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. 'ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it' and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy aisle in a ...dairy prices up and heading higher in fla., elsewhere, forecasters saysun-sentinel.com, fl - may 30, 2007by david mercer ap champaign, ill. -- liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it'' and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters saychicago daily southtown, il - may 30, 2007by david mercer liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed today as she browsed the dairy aisle in a ...national spelling bee youngsters advancethe columbian, wa - may 30, 2007asked 14-year-old michael yeh of kokomo, ind., exercising his right to ask for a definition before correctly spelling the popular kids' food often served with cheese. the multiple choice test (worth 25 points) and the preliminary oral round (worth ...dairy prices up and heading higherhemscott, uk - may 30, 2007champaign, ill. (ap) - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. 'ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it' and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy aisle in a ...dairy prices up and heading highermsn money - may 30, 2007champaign, ill. (ap) - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy aisle in a ...dairy prices up and heading higherabcmoney.co.uk, uk - may 30, 2007by : agencies champaign, ill. (ap) - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. 'ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it' and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...not just for violet beauregardecommon ground, ca - may 30, 2007for many a smoker, coffee and cigarettes are the most savory combo since pb & j or mac ‘n’ cheese. but for those trying to quit, swapping out the joe for a tall glass of milk might make for a smart strategy.compiled by cyndi gollaz and jim matthews, outdoor news servicethe log newspaper, ca - may 30, 2007bait fishermen are successful on chunky cheese berkeley gulp or inflated nightcrawlers. most fish are 12 to 16 ft. down. lure fishing not as good as bait, and not too much trolling action has been reported.dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters saysan diego union tribune, united states - may 30, 2007by david mercer ap champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. “ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it” and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...sharp rise in dairy prices predictedcolumbus dispatch, oh - may 30, 2007by david mercer ap champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. “ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it” and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters sayabc7chicago.com,  usa - may 30, 2007may 30, 2007 (champaign, ill.) - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy ...dairy prices up and heading higher, forecasters sayminneapolis star tribune (subscription), mn - may 30, 2007by david mercer, ap champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...dairy prices up and heading higherforbes, ny - may 30, 2007by david mercer 05.30.07, 4:25 pm et liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...celine and her ... son?!tmz.com, ca - may 30, 2007let's hope with celine's cheese-tastic run at caesars palace in vegas finally coming to an end this year, that she'll soon have the time to get adorable lil' rene his much needed haircut.five catalan stars, with small plates and long menusnew york times, united states - may 30, 2007there are tomato salad with fresh salt cod; jabugo ham; sliced confited tuna belly; and an extraordinarily  creamy cheese (torta cañarejal) that will destroy any notion of spain being anything less than the equal of france.calendar may 31-june 6mount vernon gazette, va - may 30, 2007the alexandria choral society hosts an evening of wine, cheese, art and entertainment. all proceeds to benefit the alexandria choral society.'bewusstseinslage' and more: national spelling bee beginsabc13.com, tx - may 30, 2007asked 14-year-old michael yeh of kokomo, ind., exercising his right to ask for a definition before correctly spelling the popular kids' food often served with cheese. the multiple choice test (worth 25 points) and the preliminary oral round (worth ...where to go: mt. desert island, maineconcierge, ny - may 30, 2007a cheese blintz souffle with blackberry and  mango coulis, one of the rotating breakfast entrees served at the kingsleigh inn.celine and her ... son?!tmz.com, ca - may 30, 2007let's hope with celine's cheese-tastic run at caesars palace in vegas finally coming to an end this year, that she'll soon have the time to get lil' rene his much needed haircut.klondike gold rush on website of unsolved mysterieswaterloo chronicle,  canada - may 30, 2007at first they didn't believe george carmack, when in august 1896, he burst into a saloon in fortymile loudly proclaiming that he had found gold lying "thick as cheese" further up the yukon river. then he tipped a spent shotgun shell and out poured the ...family favorite donna ramirez inherited her mother's passion for ...salemnews.com,  usa - may 30, 2007she prefers imported cheese - whether is a pecorino romano for her pizza or a provolone for her sausage. no matter what her schedule, ramirez always cooks.edward’s endnew york times, united states - may 30, 2007they also brought sherry trifle and cheddar cheese and mint chocolates, which they arranged on a sideboard. after mumbling about the summoning bell by the fireplace - it must be pressed hard and held down - the lads withdrew, closing the door behind ...connecting with the cosmosappeal-democrat, ca - may 30, 2007eighth-grader baljinder sandher came out last week to look through the smaller of two telescopes and noted that the edge of the moon looked like “bubbly cheese.” fellow eighth-grader sumit kumar agreed, saying he had seen it before, but through a ...say cheesebrattleboro reformer,  united states - may 30, 2007by bob audette, reformer staff brattleboro -- you don't have to be a turophile to know one basic fact about cheese -- it's addictive.no quiet outing this timenews & observer, nc - may 30, 2007my friend gene huntsman was wrapping hot, homemade biscuits stuffed with sausage and cheese in foil before enclosing them in a thick, insulating towel.parents can help kids get fitnews & observer, nc - may 30, 2007a good dinner  can be a toasted tomato sandwich on whole wheat, a cantaloupe half with a scoop of nonfat cottage cheese, a bean burrito or a bowl of whole grain cereal with nonfat milk.cucina cooking classes start soon at mercatoarabianbusiness.com, united arab emirates - may 30, 2007learn how to make spanish potato salad, goats' cheese loaf, duck rillettes, chicken makhdouse, spinach & ricotta cannelloni, tiramisu, panacota with raspberry sauce and many other recipes.cucina cooking classes start soon at mercatoarabianbusiness.com (press release), united arab emirates - may 30, 2007learn how to make spanish potato salad, goats' cheese loaf, duck rillettes, chicken makhdouse, spinach & ricotta cannelloni, tiramisu, panacota with raspberry sauce and many other recipes.big cheese finds its nichedandenong star, australia - may 30, 2007by shaun inguanzo a cheesy grin: miriam tadros with a few of the varieties of cheeses  on offer at amalia europe cheese, recently opened in dandenong.young poets share work with family, friendsleavenworth times, ks - may 30, 2007the poetry cafe, held on thursday, at bradley elementary, was an all-day event in which students from every class in the school could enjoy a half-hour break while eating crackers and cheese and listening to poetry.  “it is a good idea because it ...top war tech #7: hot chowwired news - may 30, 2007mac and cheese. peace of mind. but don't take it from me. take it from one soldier at a base in baghdad this march: "believe me, it makes a big difference," he said.locals and beyond enjoy a night of dogs and hogssuffolk news-herald, va - may 30, 2007with nothing more than a donation can in front, the brewers set up tables and chairs, provide chili, hot dogs, chips, cheese and all the necessary fixings for a hearty meal, and they open up the space for vendors or causes that are looking for some ...empanada entrepreneurs open a plant in lindondeseret news, ut - may 30, 2007offering traditional beef, chicken, spicy cheese and corn, as well as a dessert empanada oozing with apples and dulce de leche, the company hopes to woo the institutional market, said marketing guru adrian escalante.surely one can find something at shore housedaily pilot, ca - may 30, 2007the calzone is on the same page with the vast arrays of pizzas they serve, including the white house, which is alfredo sauce, chicken breast sauteed with fresh spinach and feta cheese - something i will get the courage to order one day.savour flavours and a touch of grace at the casual gabbanavue weekly, canada - may 30, 2007cut into four pieces and served with a sun-dried tomato paste and complemented with goat cheese, the green onion cakes were delightful in their texture and tastiness.my life is spent without directionthe wichita eagle, ks - may 30, 2007last week in this column, i asked for stories of crazy mom-made snack inventions -- like carmela soprano's lincoln log sandwiches made with cream-cheese stuffed hot dogs. i've received several and now realize that i've never truly appreciated the ...high dairy costs on the horizondetnews.com, mi - may 30, 2007see full image champaign, ill. -- liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy ...isabella’s taverna & tapas barfrederick news post (subscription), md - may 30, 2007so the last tapa we ordered was the portobello a la parrilla con espinacas y pimientos ($6.25), which is a garlic grilled portobello mushroom with wilted spinach, roasted red pepper and melted cheese. the item is literally a whole portobello mushroom, ...pizza -- baked to perfectiondetnews.com, mi - may 30, 2007sprinkle with cheese. top with tomato slices, parmesan, dash of salt, pepper and basil. bake pizza until crust is browned and cheese is bubbling, about 15 minutes. have adult remove pizza from oven and slice into wedges. per serving: 385 calories; ...rochester oyster bar complements its sister spotdetnews.com, mi - may 30, 2007the fish tacos, for example -- served either california style with flash-fried grouper, salsa, shredded cabbage and grated cheese, or the house style of grilled florida grouper with  caribbean spices, lime, guacamole and sour cream, each in a flour ...grilling meats? throw veggies on the grate, toodetnews.com, mi - may 30, 2007for instance, portobello mushroom caps, grilled and topped with a crumble of goat cheese and chopped roasted red pepper, is a perfect meal starter, and grilled asparagus brushed with a little olive oil and lemon makes a great side dish.summer salad: it's all in the toppingsdetnews.com, mi - may 30, 2007i try to mix the toppings so my salads have some variety -- sometimes, i'll stick to the common cucumbers, carrots and blue cheese. other times, i'll get jazzy and add peppers, raisins, boiled eggs, feta cheese and a raspberry marinade -- when i'm not ...dairy prices on risecolorado springs gazette, co - may 30, 2007by david mercer ap champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. “ten dollars a brick, i’d still buy it” and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker said as she browsed the dairy ...not my mother’s spring saladfive towns jewish times online, ny - may 30, 2007cottage cheese cannot, by any stretch of the imagination, be considered an exciting topic. it’s not even an exciting food.just say 'cheese'andalusia star-news, al - may 30, 2007building a barn, breeding a line of goats for particular characteristics, or making cheese, it makes no difference to her; if she doesn't know how to do something, she finds out.seafood classics reinterpretedhouston chronicle, united states - may 30, 2007the valentino's version, cooked in their shells on a charcoal grill and doused with a garlicky chive butter, are even simpler than gilhooley's, because they lack the gilding of parmesan cheese. both dishes are great, but at valentino's there are  ...north jersey media groupnorthjersey.com, nj - may 30, 2007the plain old hamburger  is much harder to find these days at kings super markets, amid a kaleidoscope of beef and blue cheese and turkey and tequila flavors. at the butcher counter, the selection can include jalape񯠰epper and chipotle burgers, ...table talk: trip to no offers food, fun, parking meter demo2theadvocate, la - may 30, 2007in the soup and salad section, we found the gumbo roux too dark and bitter, but enjoyed the salad of shaved zucchini & squash with pecan vinaigrette and goat cheese $7. in the entrees and wood-burning oven category, we tried the louisiana cochon with ...deadly heroin mix spreads in dallasaustin american-statesman (subscription), tx - may 30, 2007by jamie stengle ap dallas - olga sanchez thought her 15-year-old  son had stopped using "cheese," a heroin mixture making its way across the dallas area.family mourns double  lossst. petersburg times, fl - may 30, 2007until she took ill,  she baked a mean  lemon meringue pie and cheese biscuits that cook savored. she had lost some of her vision, but her mind was sharp to the end.food: no power? no problemflorida today, fl - may 30, 2007the company's foodstuffs include powdered eggs, milk and cheese; pudding, syrup and honey; and canned meats including whole chickens, canned cheese and canned bread. but three quarters of its sales come from canned butter.modify egg carton as grease receptaclecommercialappeal.com (subscription), tn - may 30, 2007i use it to make quesadillas and grilled-cheese sandwiches. i prepare both as if i were going to fix them in a skillet, lay them on the waffle iron and close the lid.national spelling bee advances to quarterfinals with 107 ...brownsville herald, tx united states - may 30, 2007asked 14-year-old michael yeh of kokomo, ind., exercising his right to ask for a definition be-fore correctly spelling the popular kids’ food often served with cheese. the multiple choice test (worth 25 points) and the preliminary oral round (worth ...>> colonial beach restaurant offers a casual dining experience on ...the free lance-star, va - may 30, 2007scott guided us to the high tides appetizer sampler ($12.99), which included a meal highlight--the crab, shrimp and three-cheese dip. it was creamy, and the cheese underscored, rather than overpowered, the seafood. the wings were plump and nicely fried ...orange rewarded with group aa bidthe free lance-star, va - may 30, 2007it was kind of like throwing a marble through a swiss-cheese hole from 10 yards away, but  it worked. the shot found space and also found the net.>> bar makes a splash with tropical colors, cool drinks and ...the free lance-star, va - may 30, 2007i wasn't too hungry, so i ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and fries from the kid's menu. and i couldn't go to wings on the water and not have wings on the water--so i ordered a handful of buffalo wings.type o negative loves chicago, reallylumino magazine, il - may 30, 2007i’m sure he tells milwaukee he loves their cheese and women, but at least that’sa start. by the show’s end, his bandmates looked like they could have gone on for another hour, especially hickey, so maybe he was right to conserve his energy.peanut butter pancakes and cheetos sandwichesyork news times (subscription), ne - may 30, 2007and look at our associate sports editor at the newspaper -- he has to crush up a package of cheese/peanut butter crackers in his chicken-flavored ramon noodles.gourmet grieko in marion offers fabulous food in informal settingsouthcoasttoday.com, ma - may 30, 2007we also tried to order prosciutto-wrapped asparagus with asiago cheese ($5.99), but learned they were unavailable that night.what can a 'bills' do?jamaica gleaner, jamaica - may 30, 2007at the end it said "a chicken patty, which was $65, now costs $75; while a cheese patty costs $80, up from $65". and i thought that the $100 barrier was being tested.the sugar mill restaurant - montego bay's finest, with fine style ...jamaica gleaner, jamaica - may 30, 2007the main course included: island spiced rubbed angus beef tenderloin with rum mango, glazed cranberry and ginger, barbeque shrimp, jasmine rice and goat cheese crouquette washed down with a glassof brampton cabernet stellenbosch south africa.softball constellation swings for state glorywaco tribune herald, tx - may 30, 2007as hard as ege brings  the cheese from the pitcher’s circle, where she is 27-3 on the season, she pounds it back even harder.dairy prices expected to jump this summerarizona republic, az - may 30, 2007ap champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy aisle in a ...think globe and eat locallynow toronto, canada - may 30, 2007sure, it's a great strip for an informal, al fresco family night out, but the boulevard of broken plates is more likely to offer spanokopita and flaming cheese than sweetbreads  and foie gras flambé. the well-orchestrated launch of globe bistro last ...six flags signs up starburstcharlotte business journal, nc - may 30, 2007since winning control of six flags in a board room fight in 2005, dan snyder and his team have cut losses, increased park attendance and sales and struck several marketing and promotional deals, including ones with kraft macaroni and cheese and ...factors collide in dairy case to boost milk, cheese pricespress-enterprise (subscription), ca - may 30, 2007california consumers can expect the prices they pay for milk and cheese to increase in june, when the state department of food and agriculture will raise the price that milk processors must pay producers to $1.72 a gallon from the current $1.50.4.nc spellers advance in national contestcharlotte observer, nc - may 30, 2007another italian food, a cheese called ricotta, was the downfall of david ojo, a seventh-grader from fayetteville, who spelled it "ricatta.the thursday small-for-all news report: 05.31.07411mania.com, tx - may 30, 2007maybe she got beer spilled on her. maybe sandman's kendo sticked rubbed against her the wrong way. both of these assumptions happen all the time at hooters and you don't see those waitresses trying to make some extra cheese.actress victoria rowell joins lactaid(r) milk to encourage african ...pr newswire (press release), ny - may 30, 2007good food sources of calcium include fat free or lowfat milk, cheese, yogurt and other dairy products. products like lactaid(r) milk and lactaid(r) fast act dietary supplements offer an important solution to lactose intolerant sufferers.cke restaurants, inc. reports period four and positive first ...pr newswire (press release), ny - may 30, 2007"hardee's introduced the distinctive breakfast club sandwich(tm) at the start of period four, made with ham, bacon, turkey, cheese and eggs on grilled sourdough bread. the brand also introduced the patty melt thickburger(tm) during the last week of ...wyndham hotels and resorts uncorks the mystery of french wine with ...pr newswire (press release), ny - may 30, 2007the 1/2-pound, 100 percent black angus beef burger includes a unique spice recipe that gives it a robust and zesty flavor and is topped with white cheddar cheese, shredded lettuce, hearty tomatoes, red onions and toasted cross bun.'eat-a-dish for make-a-wish(r)' begins at maggiano's little italy(r)pr newswire (press release), ny - may 30, 2007diners can choose from four different items including goat cheese and olive bruschetta, herb crusted rack of lamb, shrimp and scallops with orzo, and fresh berry tiramisu.walking in a summer wonderlandxpress, united arab emirates - may 30, 2007visit fashionable cities, towns and villages and  eat cheese fondue in a cafe on a traditional cobbled street. listen to the sounds of silence as you visit a spring water wellness spa.the 22nd annual buffalo international jewish film festivalartvoice, ny - may 30, 2007(some photographers prefer “cheese,” some “whisky.”) some audiences may need to take this as advice from the filmmakers: as grim as it may appear through much of its running time, this is indeed a comedy, albeit one drier than an arizona rest home.church brew works continues to impresspittsburgh tribune-review, pa - may 30, 2007the pizzas are all 14-inches -- enough for about four people -- and among the best are the chicken and sun dried tomato pizza ($14.95) and the pittsburgh pierogie pizza ($12.95) with potato puree, sauteed onions and cheddar cheese.acappella hits right notesrichmond times dispatch, va - may 30, 2007the pork, also quite tender, was topped with an engaging combination of apples, sautéed onions and a mountain of blue cheese crumbles. each bite seesawed between sweet  and pungent, keeping us oohing and aahing until the last forkful.side tracksboston herald, united states - may 30, 2007the part-owner of la verdad, the “mexican street food” eatery on lansdowne street, has his eyes on a big, fat hot dog, grilled corn with cotija cheese and a juicy hamburgesa. burp. that famed new york times [nyt] sports columnist george vecsey will yap ...local farmers marketsthe state, sc - may 30, 2007fresh fruits, vegetables, free-range meats, flowers/plants, baked goods, honey, organics, farm-fresh eggs, cheese and more.dairy prices up; likely to head even higherknoxville news sentinel (subscription), tn - may 30, 2007by david mercer, ap champaign, ill. - liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...summer in a sandwichpatriot-news, pa - may 30, 2007the vegetables are then topped with provolone cheese. then there is the bread, an important component to any quintessential sandwich.teen speller misses ‘ricotta’fayobserver.com, fayetteville nc - may 30, 2007the fayetteville academy seventh-grader misspelled the word “ricotta,” which is a soft italian cheese. he spelled it “ricatta.joseph’s pizzeriathe phoenix, ma - may 30, 2007while many go for the classic, a slice of cheese pizza ($1.75), some prefer the extravagant fugazza pizza ($9), loaded with onions, chewy cheese, fresh garlic, and oregano on a crispy pan-tossed crust. add a side of buttery garlic bread ($2) to  ...dining, folly make us feel like 'boy,' againcharleston post courier (subscription), sc - may 30, 2007the nachos ($9.95) are huge platters of beans, cheese, salsa and guacamole and are for hungry senors or large groups. a trio of salsas with chips ($2.95) is refreshing, salty and just what the body needs after a day at the beach.charlie's delicharleston post courier (subscription), sc - may 30, 2007likewise, the turkey sub is served with cheese and mayo, a solid selection. most sandwiches come on 6-inch hoagie rolls from saffron, another smart move.picnic season: time to dine in the great outdoorspittsburgh post gazette, pa - may 30, 2007downtown shoppers can take a swing by the strip district and pick up a cold salad at penn avenue fish co.; or double park at stamoolis and grab ready-to-eat spinach pies, a block of feta cheese and sesame cookies; or do a drive-by at il piccolo forno ...munch goes to mojo bistropittsburgh post gazette, pa - may 30, 2007there's a spicy thai steak salad (filet mignon medallions dressed in wonton strips and chow mein noodles in a peanut dressing for $9.50), shrimp and grits ($18), spicy thai catfish in a tempura batter ($20), creole-baked goat cheese bruschetta ($7), ...fresh find: 'where we like to eat n' at'pittsburgh post gazette, pa - may 30, 2007but what i love most is they also tell me about finds i've never found, including boston waterfront, and tidbits such as how banksville's my brick oven used to be a coal mine entrance, plus tips such as where to get the region's best cheese sticks ...never fear, arts festival food will be herepittsburgh post gazette, pa - may 30, 2007festival spokeswoman lindsay clark says that though there are 25 percent fewer booths, they'll cover all festival favorites: gyros, chinese, fajitas, french fries, italian sausage, funnel cakes, potato pancakes, philly cheese steaks, chicken on pita, ...scott burnsdallas morning news (subscription), tx - may 30, 2007answer: picking individual stocks is, as some like to say, "a long tunnel with no cheese."  it isn't rewarding for the vast majority of novice investors.price wars hurt profitswall street journal - may 30, 2007we're seeing huge drops in prices of fresh, prepared foods," such as cheese, cold cuts and deli produce, in particular, he said.cheap eatsroanoke times, va - may 30, 2007during soup season, you can get a bowl of soup and a grilled cheese sandwich for less than $5. aesy's is at 505 campbell ave.mike pound: just tell your stomach it’s for  a good causejoplin globe, mo - may 30, 2007... to do is eat another slab of red meat on a bun, topped with cheese, tomatoes and pickles and a side of potato salad, since you promised yourself that this week you really were going to drop a few pounds - by saying, “hey, this burger isn’t for me.actress victoria rowell joins lactaid milk to encourage african ...food ingredients first (press release), netherlands - may 30, 2007good food sources of calcium include fat free or lowfat milk, cheese, yogurt and other dairy products. products like lactaid milk and lactaid fast act dietary supplements offer an important solution to lactose intolerant sufferers.not to the usacatanduanes tribune, philippines - may 30, 2007no matter how hard the filipinos try to produce dairy products like cheese and condensed milk, they can do so only by using ingredients imported from countries like the usa, canada or australia.the sixth sensecatanduanes tribune, philippines - may 30, 2007no matter how hard the filipinos try to produce dairy products like cheese and condensed milk, they can do so only by using ingredients imported from countries like the usa, canada or australia.discovering danks streetsydney star observer, australia - may 30, 2007depot’s bar menu lists my favourite, a traditional toasted ruben sandwich - corned beef, sauerkraut, and tilsit cheese - for $12.what’s up to $4 a gallon and rising? it’s milkbloomington pantagraph,  usa - may 30, 2007by david mercer ap champaign -- liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. “ten dollars a brick, i’d still buy it’’ and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the dairy ...mayhaw jelly brings out laughter, memoriesmoultrie observer, ga - may 30, 2007he also gave them some cheese cloth to use in the straining process. kathy baker, administrator of green terrace, said that she contacted debbie purvis at the extension office about how to keep the berries until they had a chance to use them.may 31 down the yearscricinfo.com, uk - may 30, 2007on his debut, paul wiseman outbowled muttiah muralitharan in the battle of the offies, taking 7 for 143 in the match as against murali's 9 for 227.throwing downhillbaseball toaster, ca - may 30, 2007what had been an uphill struggle for four innings, suddenly reached its peak and started racing effortlessly along like the cake of gloucestershire cheese in today's scoreboard highlight of choice. a five-pitch inning was followed by a seven-pitch ...arcade collectors stock up on pac-man, asteroidwilmington news journal, oh, oh - may 30, 2007the effect, buoyed by reflective silver barn siding on the walls and a 3-foot stuffed mario, isn't unlike that of the game room at an old-school chuck e. cheese's. 'there are just no real arcades anymore,' said scott seemueller, 40.mission accomplished: non-traditional students thrive at highland ...freeport journal-standard, il - may 30, 2007“just the fact that she was going to school and i was still working at the cheese plant. that motivated me to do something as far as education.delicat: comfort food, chill out zonejakarta post, indonesia - may 30, 2007"i think it's the low wine prices and the cheese brings the people. not only that, the big tables force people to talk to each other.tonight: to bee or not to bekansas city star, mo - may 30, 2007asked michael yeh, 14, of kokomo, ind., exercising his right to ask for a definition before correctly spelling the popular kids’ food often served with cheese. the multiple choice test (worth 25 points) and the preliminary oral round (worth three ...mexican grill getting it rightbakersfield californian (subscription), ca - may 30, 2007many of the dishes are made with roasted peppers and manchego cheese. manchego is a sheep's milk cheese from spain that's creamy, slightly salty and, in most  cases, pretty mild.excerpt from 'divisadero'usa today - may 30, 2007most mornings we used to come into the dark kitchen and silently cut thick slices of cheese for ourselves. my father drinks a cup of red wine.on the net: web sites to travel byphillyburbs.com, pa - may 30, 2007it offers guided tours to digital, video-game realms. but if you do manage a summer trip, http://www.cheeseontour.com/ hopes you will take a moment to photograph a good chunk of cheese along your way. after all, even brie deserves a break.is kobe bryant the new  terrell owens?aol sports, ny - may 30, 2007if the lakers don't improve, then you know what you can do - walk two seasons from now. you'll be 31, and still have 3-4 good years left.next stop | goteborg where the world meets sweden, and vice  versanew york times, united states - may 30, 2007a recent meal there began with a selection of crusty, seed-flecked dark breads that arrived with a decadent butter sampler - butter with flakes of sea salt, butter whipped with yogurt and olive oil, and cream cheese topped with toasted olive oil.movie review: pirates of the caribbean - at world's endblogcritics.org, oh - may 30, 2007on your plate is the great american dream meal: fried chicken, mashed potatoes (with brown gravy), green bean casserole, mac and cheese, a pasta salad thing, jell-o (red), a bit of salad with ranch dressing, something with kidney beans, and a dollop of ...dairy prices to go higher, forecasters saycharlottesville daily progress, va - may 30, 2007but university of illinois dairy specialist michael hutjens forecasts further increases of up to 40 cents a gallon for milk in the next few months, and up to 60 cents for a pound of cheese. that would drive the cost of a gallon of whole milk around the ...good golly, miss caulistuff.co.nz, new zealand - may 30, 2007it is astonishing how many people do not like cauliflower, considering it is the main ingredient in that great comfort dish, cauliflower cheese. then there are the cauliflower soup, and cauliflower salad where the raw stalks are thinly sliced, ...sharply higher dairy prices likelyhartford courant, united states - may 30, 2007by david mercer, ap champaign, ill. -- liz kooy loves sharp cheddar cheese and is willing to pay almost any price for it. "ten dollars a brick, i'd still buy it" and cut back on other purchases, the 36-year-old social worker laughed as she browsed the ...nwa workers protest execs' payminneapolis star tribune (subscription), mn - may 30, 2007a sign around the rat's neck read: "nwa executives, stealin' more than cheese." the rally was held just hours after northwest flight attendants became the last major work group to ratify a concessionary contract, with the pact passing by a 104 votes.celine and her ... son?!tmz.com, ca - may 30, 2007let's hope with celine's cheese-tastic run at caesars palace in vegas finally coming to an end this year, that she'll soon have the time to get adorable lil' rene his much needed haircut.competition narrows to 59 after first day of national spelling beemonitor, tx - may 30, 2007asked 14-year-old michael yeh of kokomo, ind., exercising his right to ask for a definition before correctly spelling the popular kids’ food often served with cheese. the multiple-choice test (worth 25 points) and the preliminary oral round (worth ...palladium posts june music scheduletampa bay newspapers, fl - may 30, 2007audience members may join the artists in the post-performance wine-and-cheese reception downstairs in the stavros great room.restaurant spotlight: mie n yufalls church news press, va - may 30, 2007the salmon in the bruschetta, highlighting the ability of chef elliott to transcend the cultural spectrum, is rubbed with pastrami and complimented with feta cheese, peppers and tomatoes. along with the wide-ranging menu, mie n yu has an impressively ...quick guidecnn - may 30, 2007is it really made of cheese? but there have been times in the past where any moon -- full, half or crescent -- has taken on a blue hue.bacon-wrapped chicken on chive mashtaste.com.au, australia - may 30, 2007place the grated cheese on a plate. add the chicken and turn to coat. place 2 slices of garlic on top of each chicken breast.beer garden of edencleveland free times, oh - may 30, 2007a bowl of spicy tomato soup ($3) is capped with a mound of crumbled blue cheese, adding a welcome dose of sophistication to this after-school staple.police storyvoice of san diego, ca - may 30, 2007you scammers should work for kraft foods and serve that baloney with cheese and bread....last time i checked we still had the 1st amendment in full force and effect, and i will continue to speak my mind about the pension scam/scammers..... cannot shut ...



posted by aaron e-j at 6/09/2007 10:18:00 pm
4 comments














links

blog
pictures
radio
tongue twisters
neuroscience notes
chemistry

previous posts

preservation group gears up for garden tourthe dai...
ready! set! spell! bee beginsnbc 10.com, pa - may ...
sort by relevance   sort by date   sorted by date ...
they could dance all night – with the proper foodt...
wine buy of the weekcleveland plain dealer, oh - m...
healthy on-the-go diningwnbc, ny - may 29, 2007ord...
digital billboards bring tv-like ads to loop 202ar...
save the date: jewish group schedules meetingcherr...
selecting a european cruisewhite plains journal ne...
bears are back; time for some extra cautionsalt la...

archives

08/17/05
08/18/05
08/19/05
08/22/05
08/23/05
09/05/05
09/12/05
09/16/05
09/17/05
09/18/05
09/21/05
09/22/05
09/24/05
09/25/05
09/29/05
10/05/05
10/18/05
10/19/05
10/20/05
10/22/05
10/26/05
11/02/05
11/04/05
11/05/05
11/12/05
11/13/05
11/14/05
11/16/05
11/18/05
01/20/06
01/27/06
01/28/06
01/29/06
01/31/06
02/01/06
02/02/06
03/02/06
03/03/06
03/04/06
03/05/06
03/17/06
03/18/06
03/22/06
03/23/06
03/24/06
03/25/06
04/12/06
04/13/06
04/16/06
04/17/06
04/18/06
04/19/06
04/28/06
04/29/06
05/05/06
05/06/06
05/14/06
05/15/06
06/06/06
07/15/06
07/16/06
08/02/06
08/03/06
05/01/07
05/07/07
06/06/07
06/09/07








 





 
view my stats



bigfoot directories




