




oak cove resort


























 





oak cove resort
accommodations
map/ directions
rates
 




welcome to oak cove resort!
“we welcome small family reunions”
check-in: 3:00 pm est
check-out: 11:00 am est
call 269-674-8228 for rates

hi to all potential and returning guests, welcome !

we are offering you the wide-open spaces of oak cove resort’s 16 wooded acres with a mile of trails and places open and grassy for baseball, volley ball, shuffle board, row boats, canoes, paddle boats, kayaks, and paddle boards for your use. plenty of space to roam and be safely spaced from others. swimming’s great in lake and heated pool, fabulous fishing (we cook what you clean) seven piers, free golf every day.











 free: 18 holes of golf each and every day!
click on golf to go to lake cora hills golf club page for more info
free wifi
 just a stone’s throw from south haven
spend your next


 summer family vacation at: 



oak cove resort offers historic main lodge rooms and free-standing cottages and homes for lodging.
located on 16 wooded acres overlooking beautiful, sparkling clear 300 acre lake cora, oak cove resort in southwest michigan has remained a fantastic and relaxing vacation destination for individuals, couples and families alike.
oak cove resort was selected as one of the top 25 cottage resorts by midwest living magazine; “preserving the past, embracing the future” -2012 presented by south haven/van buren co. convention and visitor’s bureau
 
more
included in our rates are historic lodge rooms, cottages, and houses.you will have unlimited use of rowboats, canoes, paddle boats and kayaks, a heated in-ground pool, 500′ of lake frontage, volleyball, badminton, shuffleboard, horseshoes, paddle boards, bicycles, and nature trails. free golf every day!
plentiful area attractions include some great antiquing, an absolutely huge weekend flea market nearby, great area shopping, paw paw wineries tasting and tours, u-pick fruit farms, go-karts, area power boat and jet ski rentals, miniature golf, and much more. for a day trip, beautiful lake michigan beaches are 35 minutes away.


oak cove resort is open during the michigan summer season, from early june through labor day. although most of our guests stay for the week, weekends or other shorter duration stays as circumstances allow. we also specialize in family reunions and can accommodate up to 80 people at a time. space for these types of gatherings does fill up quickly, so please inquire well in advance of your desired dates.
there’s much more we would like to tell you, so please read on..

thank you for investing your valuable vacation time with us – 
our goal is to make your time restful and memorable.

view from the lodge
to make your reservation or to obtain additional information, contact:oak cove resort58881 46th street lawrence, mi 49064 269-674-8228
susan@oakcove.com


go on over to the accommodations and look inside!


oak cove resort
oak cove resort 







©2025 oak cove resort 














