




















the brothers four: left to right: mike mccoy, karl olsen, mark pearson, bob flick
























		the brothers four	

















homeaboutabout the groupmark pearsonmike mccoykarl olsenbob flickin memoriam: john painemusicthe brothers four renewalbeautiful world of the brothers fourin the name of brotherhoodmerry christmas expanded editiongolden anniversarysilver anniversary concertgreenfields & other goldthis land is your landthe tokyo tapesall musicbuy nowtour datespress kitcontact 









the brothers four 
        close



homeaboutabout the groupmark pearsonmike mccoykarl olsenbob flickin memoriam: john painemusicthe brothers four renewalbeautiful world of the brothers fourin the name of brotherhoodmerry christmas expanded editiongolden anniversarysilver anniversary concertgreenfields & other goldthis land is your landthe tokyo tapesall musicbuy nowtour datespress kitcontact





















the brothers four®
the sound of america singing


bob flick, mark pearson, mike mccoy, karl olsen ...
great friends making great music — that's the living legacy of the brothers four.

legendary, pioneering voices from the "great american folk-revival," the brothers four have become one of the longest-performing and best-selling musical groups in history. with original voices still on board, their fresh natural sound and instantly recognized harmonies continue to entertain audiences of all ages. their grammy and oscar-nominated greatest hits will make you smile, and sing along and remember, and perhaps even revisit a dream or two.
over 60 years ... and counting! starting with their command performance at the jfk inauguration, they've sung for four u.s. presidents at the white house. they've been featured on pbs specials, played thousands of college concerts, appeared at countless community concerts, performed with chorales and symphony orchestras and have traveled the globe, teaching the world to sing. they are truly "america's musical ambassadors to the world."

	million sellers for the brothers four include such classic folk standards as "greenfields," "this land is your land," "try to remember," "yellow bird," "where have all the flowers gone," "shenandoah" and, "500 miles." their global hit recording of "the green leaves of summer" from the motion picture "the alamo" was nominated for an academy award and they performed the song on the oscar awards international telecast.
the brothers four were there from the beginning, forever defining the sound and spirit that became the "folk era." today their all-acoustic presentation continues with the sounds of guitars, banjo, upright bass, and of course the trademark rich blend of their four voices. an evening with this quartet is an unforgettable time of pure, timeless music, warm memories and joyful entertainment.





remembering john paine

l to r:  mike kirkland, dick foley, john paine, bob flick


as the brothers four now prepare for a new season of touring, 
we are taking this time, these moments to remember and share thoughts of our original member john paine who passed away peacefully in november of last year.
he will be greatly missed, but forever in our hearts.
john leaves behind countless friends and world-wide fans who will always remember his kindness, puns, great stories, music and loving smile, along with his signature vocal performances like this, captured live on stage in tokyo in 1996:  

john paine /"early morning rain": 



  your browser does not support the audio element.



play_arrow


pause






in memoriam:
we proudly dedicate our 2025 "greenfields forever" global tour to founding member john paine.
please click 
 here for our thoughts and memories of john, along with those of his sons. 


with many thanks,
the brothers four
bob, mark, mike and karl
		
the brothers four: on tour in 2025

we have our first shows of 2025 coming up next month (feb 18), with two performances — afternoon and evening — in green valley, az. see the details in our in our 
 
  tour schedule. 

with many thanks,
the brothers four
bob, mark, mike and karl
		

left to right: mike mccoy, bob flick, mark pearson, karl olson
		
             
                 











available in our storea special limited editionin the name of brotherhood




the brothers four in the name of brotherhood (1992)

enjoy a live video
the brothers four perform "i hear america singing" live in tokyo june 7, 2014 









 
    






          © 2018 - 2025 by bf productions        



privacy policy












