









child abuse prevention association - capa

































































safety exit

skip to content















donate


































 



homeabout us who we are partners career opportunitieswhat we do counseling family support education additional resourcesget involved donate volunteer eventsnewscontact career opportunities internship opportunities










 


















we are committed



to preventing and treating all forms of child abuse and neglect in the community. 































counseling




life’s hardships can be difficult to overcome. capa staff is here so you don’t have to face these challenges alone. 

 




















family support




parenthood isn’t always easy, and capa understands that sometimes parents need a helping hand. 

 




















education




every child deserves to be in a safe environment. capa promotes awareness and provides tools to help make this possible. 

 













































learn more about capa's mission and programs. (english)









(en español)









 


























capa is committed to preventing and treating all forms of child abuse and neglect by creating changes in individuals, families and society that strengthen relationships and promote healing.

















503 east 23rd street
independence, missouri 64055
phone: (816) 252-8388


































about us
additional resources
events
donate
news










email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe toweb sign-ups example: yes, i would like to receive emails from capa. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact
















© 2025 capa. all rights reserved. privacy policy









 




















