



homepage - society of chemical manufacturers & affiliates | society of chemical manufacturers & affiliates















































































														hello, 													


login
logout
my profile
 





search











socma full colsocmasolutions for specialties








about

about socma
board of governors

board materials


our team
affiliated orgs

bio-process systems alliance
color pigments manufacturers association
flexible vinyl alliance
institute for polyacrylate absorbents

ipa sap webinar series






membership

socma membership
membership list

affiliates


member benefits
membership matters
committees and peer groups
manage account


products and services

chemops training
commercial services

lead sheet

active lead sheets


member services directory
outlook report
critical chemicals
strategic partnership program


operations / manufacturing

chemstewards
safety recognition program
summer of safety


policy

cfats
hazard communication standard
strengthening us competitiveness in the specialty chemical industry
epa’s risk management program (rmp) rule


center for specialty chemical science


resource center

news and blogs
career center
member services directory
specialty chemistry


events

socma show
socma summit
chemspec europe
event photo gallery


sponsorship

media kit


 



























learn more














learn more














learn more














socma advances the specialty & batch chemical industry
about socma






















how can i find business partners and be in the know on industry intelligence?
socma’s commercial network helps you find the right connections to develop partnerships with contract manufacturers and customers. we are your bridge to finding suppliers and customers through our lead sheet services, and we are your source of intelligence for end-market insights and product applications. our chemsectors network provides the industry intelligence to make key business growth decisions.
grow your business









what resources will help me strengthen my operations, train my employees and improve safety?
our compliance and stewardship programs promote and guide the implementation of safe, sustainable and environmentally responsible operations across the supply chain.
discover your resources









where can i get intel on the latest regulations and policy specifically impacting specialties?
we are a powerful industry advocate. our regulatory and legislative programs ensure you are always at the forefront of any issues or policies that may impact the way you do specialty chemistry. 
find policy solutions









where can i gain targeted access to the specialty chemical industry for my talent pool?
socma’s career center is the only one-stop shop for talent management and career resources for the chemical industry. by using the career center, your available positions are advertised to a segmented audience in the chemistry space, delivering better candidates and results.
build your workforce







 


discover our community
socma provides invaluable access to key decision makers from hundreds of specialty chemistry companies. let us help you achieve your business objectives faster and more efficiently.
become a member










in the news


 

february 2, 2025

socma urges trade policies that balance domestic protection with access to critical materials 

the trump administration announcement imposing a 25% tariff on imports from canada and mexico and an additional 10% on goods from china is a significant shift in u.s. trade policy and poses serious challenges for the specialty chemical sector, disrupting well-established supply chains and increasing operational costs for manufacturers.
read more




january 28, 2025

pilot chemical company announces exclusive partnership with kao corporation to bring bio ios® surfactant technology to the north american market

pilot chemical company today announced an exclusive partnership with kao corporation to bring a new sustainable surfactant technology, bio ios® biobased internal olefin sulfonates, to the north american market. bio ios® technology will enable customers to meet sustainability goals without compromising performance in a range of household, industrial and institutional (i&i), personal care (pc), and other applications.
read more




january 24, 2025

pilot chemical company announces plans to significantly expand anionic surfactant production capacity

pilot chemical company announced today its plan to significantly expand its north american production of high-quality anionic surfactants at its middletown, ohio manufacturing site. the expansion will enable the company to more than double the volume of alpha olefin sulfonate (aos) that it supplies to the household, industrial and institutional (i&i) and personal care markets.
read more








upcoming events















socma show


 february 19-21
 jw marriott nashville

register








 




socma esg workshop


 april 1-2, 2025
 indianapolis, in

register















about
commercial
policy
operations / manufacturing
membership
news and resources
events

socma show


affiliated organizations
careers at socma
 









                    society of chemical manufacturers & affiliates | 1400 crystal drive, suite 630, arlington, va 22202									




contact us | (571) 348-5100 | fax: (571) 348-5138 | 









					© 2025 society of chemical manufacturers & affiliates. all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms of use




















 

