








energy services – community action agency of butte county, inc.














































skip to content









search















contact us |
find help |
donate

    








menu


home
about us

vision & mission
history
board of directors
executive team
reports


energy services

utility assistance
weatherization
testimonials


north state food bank

distribution calendar
fresh choice pantry
north state food bank expansion
partner with nsfb


esplanade house

our track record
our history
our facility
eh success stories
ways to partner
apply here


butte cares

sign up for butte cares


other services

530 food rescue coalition
affordable housing
north point apartments
vita tax preparation program


events and fundraisers

swing for change


 










in this section

energy servicesutility assistancewater assistanceweatherizationtestimonials













energy & environmental services






nobody should have to choose between paying their energy bill or purchasing food, and yet for some that is a very real scenario. at butte caa we are committed to reducing the number of people having to make that choice in our county. check out the program to see if you or someone you know might qualify. if you're interested in helping, please donate!






energy or food? 








this isn’t a choice most of us ever have to face, but the truth is that the consistently rising costs of energy are threatening families in underserved communities to choose between staying cool in the summer/warm in the winter, and having enough food, or purchasing their prescriptions or other needs.
seniors on fixed incomes are one of the most vulnerable populations facing this challenge every month.
while other programs within butte county caa help provide food assistance, the environmental and energy program works to reduce the costs of heating and air conditioning, allowing families to utilize their income more effectively.
underserved communities, on average, spend 16.3% of their total income on energy costs.
simply stated, reducing energy costs means these families have more money to spend on food, medicine and other essentials.
click here to learn more about weatherization
click here to learn more about utility assistance






eligibility






check out the income qualifications here.
if your income exceeds the amount in the above chart but you receive calfresh or calworks benefits, you are still eligible for utility bill/weatherization services.











fraud, waste and abuse is a crime and must be reported. if you suspect a crime is being committed by a program or program beneficiary, please contact the u.s. department of health and human services office of inspector general’s fraud hotline 1-800-hhs-tips (1-800-447-8477).






























 













	 





 	
 







community action agency of butte county, inc.
181 e. shasta avenue, chico, ca 95973 phone: (530) 712-2600
fax: (530) 895-1848p.o. box 6369, chico, ca  95927-6369
© 2021 community action agency of butte county, inc. all rights reserved.
for tty services, call a communications assistant at 711
or call 1-800-735-2922 (english)
1-800-855-3000 (spanish)





 

 
 

 
stay in touch







careers | privacy policy | site map
 






























