



welcome to georgia outdoors.com






































 welcome to georgia outdoors.com.  


hunting club openings
hunting club in crawford county has multiple membership openings. located between macon and roberta a few miles north of us-80, the club has 400 acres with hardwood bottoms, planted pines and recently harvested (2016) open spaces. plenty of game. for details send an email to albert@georgiaoutdoors.com.


first time camper program still available

the first-time camper program is a great way to get out in nature and enjoy our fantastic state parks in addition to being a bargain weekend getaway.  for around $50, park  guests spend two nights in a modern campground, trying out gear from rei --  including a six-man tent, sleeping pads, chairs, camp stove and more.   park staff will greet campers upon arrival, help them set up their tent and  make a campfire, and even give a camping 101 lesson.  at the end of their  two nights away from home, campers return the gear to the park office, but they  go home with coupons for their next adventure and memories to last forever.

author richard louv’s  book last child in the woods shined a light on america’s growing disconnect  with nature – coining it “nature deficit disorder.”  park officials hope  that projects such as first-time camper will give families an incentive to  explore and appreciate the natural world around them.

“part of the fun of  sleeping in a tent is guessing about the noises you hear at night,” said  reittinger.  “what might sound scary at first could be an armadillo  scurrying through leaves or a raccoon climbing a tree.  people often get a  big laugh when they peek outside and see what it is, and kids love the  excitement.”

six of georgia’s  state parks offer the pilot program: a.h. stephens state park in crawfordville,  fort yargo state park in winder, james h. floyd state park near rome, reed  bingham state park in adel, skidaway island state park in savannah and victoria  bryant state park near lavonia.  parks were chosen for their variety of  outdoor recreation, proximity to larger cities and camp-loving staff.

groups  of up to 20 people can also try the first-time camper program at two northern georgia state parks, fort mountain and victoria bryant.  multiple families  or groups of friends can camp for one night, with all the benefits of the  regular program, plus even more help from park rangers.  rates vary by the  size of the group.  dates for the group campouts are april 21 and august  18 at fort mountain state park, and june 9 at victoria bryant state park. 

anyone  who has never camped in a georgia state park may participate.  while dogs  are normally welcome in campgrounds, they are not allowed  in the program since camping gear is shared among participants.  once  settled in, park guests can enjoy hiking, biking, fishing, boating, geocaching,  mini-golf, animal programs and many other activities.  reservations are  required and can be made by calling the individual parks or the program  coordinator, cindy reittinger, at 404-657-0029.  park telephone numbers  are posted on www.georgiastateparks.org/firsttimecamper.




 
























amicalola falls state park





 


 amicalola, a cherokee indian word meaning " tumbling waters", is an appropriate name for these 729-foot falls, which are the highest in georgia. an 8-mile approach trail leads from amicalola falls to springer mountain, the southern end of the 2,150-mile appalachian trail, which runs from georgia to maine. with plenty of hiking trails, this park offers a great way to see one of the picturesque wonders of nature. a beautiful lodge within the park is available to guests who prefer hotel-type comforts over cottages and camping. ...click 
                    here to learn more. 
 

 























 





  


                    


 

























 
     			
 






 






site created and maintained by compunet, inc.
















