











race car transport & long distance shipping, moving, & storage


















































home
welcome to cedar falls raceway
history
drivers
contact us
 


 



latest posts


what auto insurance do you need for your vehicle?

cfr
02/16/2018
0 comments




minimum insurance policy for an automotive is compulsory in most states in the us. driving without an insurance cover in almost every county is illegal. you can find out your state minimum automotive insurance requirements on the state insurance commissioner’s website.
there are a few states where insurance is not compulsory, but you are financially liable. in this case, you will compensate anyone you injure or pay any property you damage as a result of your driving. however, it is advisable to have insurance on your car. it is to avoid losing your assets in cases where the damage caused by your driving is enormous than what you can afford.
minimum automotive insurance policy by a typical state
different states differ in their minimum insurance requirements for car owners. however, there are fundamental insurance policies that most states require its citizens to have before driving.

body injury liability
the body injury liability insurance covers injuries that you as a policyholder, cause to another motorist. the policy includes medical and funeral expenses among others. the minimum state insurance requirements may not always be enough to pay the damage caused by your driving. hence it is advisable to buy a cover above the minimum state requirement to prevent assent loss.
uninsured or under-insured motorist protection
the insurance cover compensates you, your family or your drivers if they get in an accident with under-insure or uninsured motorists. the insurance also covers you if you are hit by an uninsured or under-insured car as a pedestrian and if you are a hit and run accident victim.
property damage liability
this insurance coverage pays damages for property caused by you or someone driving your car with your authority. the property includes other vehicles, buildings structures or any other property your motor vehicle may damage in an accident.
personal injury protection
the policy covers medical bills, funeral costs, wages lost and sometimes the cost of replacing the services performed by the passengers or driver injured in the insured automotive.
it is good to note that the above are minimum typical state insurance policy requirements. the coverage of the peril depends on the agreement between you and your insurance provider.
how to determine how much car insurance you need
according to one car insurance company in greenville, sc (site here), in addition to your state laws, there are a few things to consider when selecting an auto policy:
1. the type of car your drive
some vehicles are susceptible to damages than other. it is good to do a background check on your car information to know how much you should pay above the required minimum.
2. distance from how frequent you drive
the more and the far you drive your car, the higher the chance of getting involved in an accident. hence, your premium increases with mileage.
3. your age and driving record
the two factors mostly go hand in hand. when you are a bit old, you tend to cause more accidents than when you are younger. also if you are prone to accidents, your premiums will be higher compared to when you are accident-free.




auto insurance
auto insurance, coverage, insurance, liability, protection

 
what you need to know about transporting your hotrod

cfr
09/20/2016
0 comments




so, you need to find transportation for your hotrod, but what do you need to know about hiring a company to haul a large, expensive item like a vehicle? let’s take a look at the important aspects of making this important decision. first, you need to decide what type of transport is best for your hotrod and whether you prefer door-to-door or terminal-to-terminal service.
open air vs. closed car shipping
closed car transport, or enclosed transport, offers the most protection for your vehicle from weather, highway debris, and other possible mishaps that may occur on the road. think of this service as a special delivery for your hotrod; with a white glove service like this, there is definitely added cost. while more expensive, enclosed transport may be the most appropriate option if your car is expensive or an antique.
open car transport is a cheaper alternative to enclosed transport and is the most common vehicle shipping method. your hotrod will likely be transported on a trailer, and may be hauled alone, but is most frequently shipped with several other vehicles. moving.com recommends open air shipping for the eco-conscious consumer, as this method burns less fuel, plus it makes it easier for the driver to keep tabs on the vehicle during transport.
door-to-door vs. terminal-to-terminal service
door-to-door shipping services are more personal, but can be more expensive as it involves the company picking up the vehicle as close to your door as possible and delivering it to as close to your destination as possible. if your transporter cannot easily access your pick-up or delivery location, you may need to meet in a parking lot or other location.
terminal-to-terminal transporting is often used by a transporter hauling multiple vehicles at one time so it may be a cheaper option. it involves a transporter picking up from and delivering to a terminal location, which often is a storage facility or towing company lot. if you choose terminal-to-terminal for shipping a vehicle, make sure to ask the transporter about the various terminal locations to ensure that your hotrod will be fenced in and secure at all times.
licensing and insurance coverage
before handing your keys over, you’ll want to verify that the transportation service you choose has an up-to-date registration with the department of transportation, which is required of all auto transporters. car shipping companies are also required to carry liability and cargo insurance to cover damage that may result during transport. do not accept verbal confirmation of this coverage. you should ask for written proof of insurance to confirm sufficient coverage in case of an accident. coverage can also be easily verified by referring to the dot website and looking up the company by name or dot number.
prepare your hotrod for transport
before turning your hotrod over to a third-party, make sure it is ready for transport. follow these preparation tips from great guys car transport to get your vehicle ready to load:

document damage and make note of the odometer reading. this condition report should be signed before loading and upon delivery of your hotrod by both you and the transporter.
remove personal belongings and expensive items as well as car tags, toll tags and parking passes that could get stolen.
to aid in loading and unloading your hotrod, and protect against potential damage, secure or remove items like ground effects and spoilers. turn off the vehicle alarm or make sure your transporter has written instructions on how to turn it off.

safe travels to your next show or race!
 



hot rods
auto, hot rod, shipping, transport, vehicle

 
top 6 hot rod tracks for camping

cfr
09/13/2016
0 comments




the rev of the engine. the squeal of the tires. the roar of the crowd. it’s time for the races, so pack your bags, load up the kids and head down the road to check out our list of top six race tracks across the u.s. that offer campsites for…read more



best race tracks
camping, motorhome, nhra, racing, rv, tracks, weekend

 
brief history of the american hot rod

cfr
08/31/2016
0 comments




many people all over the world love hot rod racing. this is especially true for many americans since the sport first started in the states. here is a brief history of american hot rod racing and how it has evolved within our society today. hot rod racing humble beginning hot rod…read more



history
history of hot rod racing, hot rods

 
most famous hot rod racers

cfr
08/30/2016
0 comments




hot rod racing has been around for nearly a century. this sport has captured many generations of competitors, fans and spectators. here is a look at the most famous hot rod racers who had ever driven across a track. donald glenn garlits “big daddy” donald garlits had been driving hot…read more



drivers
hot rod racing, most famous hot rod racers

 
 

 connect with us 

facebook
twitter
wordpress
tumblr


 coming races
february 2025


s
m
t
w
t
f
s




 1


2345678


9101112131415


16171819202122


232425262728
 



« feb
 
 





latest articles


what auto insurance do you need for your vehicle?


what you need to know about transporting your hotrod


top 6 hot rod tracks for camping


brief history of the american hot rod


most famous hot rod racers


 sponsors 
 

  hot rod magazine   
 

 copyright ©  cedar falls raceway. all rights reserved.privacy policy
 
 
 











