


starship modeler - your complete information source for science fiction, fantasy and real space scale modeling































starship modeler is the complete information resource for the science fiction, factual space, fantasy, mecha and anime scale model builder.








updated without warning  - 2 february 2025 edition  
what's new here?


   
help keep this site online with your donation












latest updates: 
february wallpaper
crusher joe's minerva
new galleries
ink & future tutorial
lighting ds9

   







 new in the store   - click here to see all the latest hobby products, gathered from around the world, and available now in the starship modeler store.












1 / 4

latest wallpaper


2 / 4

new in the store


3 / 4

crusher joe's minerva


4 / 4

ink & future tutorial


❮
❯






















reader gallery -  a collection of models built by you, the readers, to inspire and amaze.
discussion forums -  got a  question?  opinion?  modeling tip? dial up the frequency for our discussion forum and talk to modelers on your wavelength.
facebook group - interact with modelers from around the world.
on the bench - see what fellow modelers are working on.
perspective - one wife's perspective on the benefits of our hobby.

















tech library -  informational articles, features, tips and techniques on a variety of sf modeling subjects.
hardware references -  images and other information detailing "actual" vehicles we model - be they studio models, cgi or real spacecraft.
reference library - a listing of books and other reference material for the imaginitive scale modeler.
instructions library - complete instructions for many kits.
frequently asked questions - look here for answers to the basic scale modeling questions.
 tip of the day



















star trek
star wars
babylon 5
2001/2010
other sf spacecraft
mecha
robots and vehicles
non-fiction space
















site map -  like the universe, this site is ever expanding.  here's a map.
feedback - tell us what you think! what do you  like? what else would you like see?
contributor's guidelines - your submissions help make our coverage lively and varied!
about this site - why we do this, and the people who keep it going. 





















subscribe to our newsletter
* indicates required

your email address  *




email format 
html
text
mobile





 








want to host a starship modeler link? you're always welcome! we value and greatly appreciate every link we get. check out our library of link buttons for your use.












links








we're following






















 starship modeler™  is the complete information resource for the science fiction, factual space, fantasy, mecha and anime scale model builder.  the site is  maintained by john lester, a  wholesome, all-american,  starship-modeling kinda guy.  except where noted, all copyrights are retained by the authors. portions may be reproduced for non-commercial use only  (such as club newsletters, etc) with written permission of the authors. we do not maintain this site for commercial gain, but rather to share information on a hobby we find engrossing and exciting. our reviews represent our honest  personal assessments of the individual authors and should not be construed as commercial endorsements by them, or us.
copyright notices.
 these pages are intended strictly for personal use of those who appreciate the hard work,  intelligence, artistry, and effort that go into making real and fictional spacecraft. this  site is not intended to infringe on the intellectual properties of any copyright holders.  please address concerns, questions, and any notices we may have inadvertently missed to  site administration for resolution.	   
read our privacy policy


go back up /  half in the bag

copyright © 1996-2022 starship modeler. all rights reserved.  the "starship modeler" name and the circle and spaceship sm logo are trademarks of starship modeler. 



welcome to our fine print! there's nothing much down here, so why don't you cruise the site and find something more engrossing to look at? and if you're all looked out, go build a model, for heaven's sake!


"wrongs set right. damsels rescued. dragons slain. no reasonable request denied...unless the dragon's real big..." 








home

forums

store

site map

search

contact











this page copyright © starship modeler™. 
 last updated on 1 august 2024.








 
home



forums



store



site map



search



contact us









this page copyright © starship modeler™.  last updated on 1 august 2024.











