





betty ford center: drug rehab in rancho mirage, california
















































skip to main content












  
  








search
















graduate school







thought for the day







donate







careers







patient login









1-866-831-5700










professional resources






			move back
		









					professional resources
						



referring a patient
						



professional relations team
						



consulting and training solutions
						



professional development courses
						



mental health internships
						



butler center for research
						



events and training
						

















getting started






			move back
		









					getting started
						



contact us​
						



take a self-test​
						



check your insurance​
						



our admissions process​
						



refer a patient​
						

















programs & services






			move back
		







teen & young adult treatment tracks






learn about our acclaimed national behavioral health center, with specialized care for patients ages 12-18 and ages 18-25.






contact our referral team 






our referent relations team is ready to assist you! our team can answer your questions and streamline the intake process.


call now
online referral














					our services​
						



inpatient
						



outpatient
						



virtual
						



mental health
						



youth/young adult
						



family & children's services
						



recovery coaching and monitoring
						



detox
						



 admissions process​
						








					learn about addiction
						



how to do an intervention​
						



what is addiction?​
						



types of addiction​
						



addiction signs & symptoms​
						



adderall signs & symptoms​
						



alcohol signs & symptoms​
						



benzos signs & symptoms​
						



cocaine signs & symptoms
						



marijuana signs & symptoms​
						



meth signs & symptoms​
						



opioids signs & symptoms
						








					learn about mental health
						



types of mental health disorders
						



depression signs & symptoms
						



anxiety signs & symptoms
						



bpd signs & symptoms
						



seasonal affective disorder signs & symptoms
						









faq










our locations






			move back
		







our locations






in spring 2025, hazelden betty ford foundation will be opening an outpatient center in hudson, wi specializing in mental health and addiction. 






our center for teens & young adults






welcome to the #1 adolescent treatment center, with specialized care for patients ages 12-18 and ages 18-25.


learn more














					california
						



los angeles
						




rancho mirage (betty ford center)
						




san diego
						




online virtual services
						




					colorado
						




greenwood village (children's program)
						





					florida
						



naples
						




online virtual services
						




					illinois
						



chicago
						




online virtual services
						








					minnesota
						



center city
						




chaska
						




maple grove
						




plymouth (ages 12-18)
						




plymouth (ages 18-25)
						




st. paul
						




online virtual services
						




					new york
						



new york
						




online virtual services
						








					oregon
						



beaverton
						




newberg
						




online virtual services
						




					washington
						



bellevue
						




online virtual services
						




					wisconsin
						



hudson
						




online virtual services
						











learn more






			move back
		







join our team!






learn about our culture and benefits. search our job openings at multiple locations.












not ready to apply? join our talent community for new job updates.


learn more














 about us​
						




faq
						



treatment success rates​
						



our leadership team​
						



contact us​
						



our admissions process​
						



check your insurance​
						








resources
						




events​
						



webinars​
						



articles​
						



alumni services
						











explore our other services














 







search










trending searches







alcoholism




family




signs of addiction











back to navigation




















alcohol and drug treatment in california



39407 vista del sol
rancho mirage,  ca  92270




get directions




contact us






















california's #1 addiction treatment center







call 24 hours:
1-866-831-5700





















        addiction treatment programs
    


learn about our integrated behavioral health services including residential and outpatient treatment options.



























        mental health services
    


the interplay between mental health conditions and substance use issues can be complex. learn how we synchronize all aspects of your care.



























        help for families
    


connect your whole family with care and support—so you can heal and grow, together.

































how at-risk are you?

wondering if your alcohol or drug use is becoming a problem? here’s a quick self-assessment you can take to get a better idea of your situation.




get started














accepted health insurance

figuring out your insurance coverage and benefits for substance use treatment can be challenging. our experienced staff is skilled at working with all types of insurance plans and can guide you in accessing the maximum benefits available.




check your insurance















about the betty ford center

        at the forefront of treatment
    
here at the betty ford center, we have one goal in mind for you and your family—to provide the expert addiction and mental health care you need and deserve. this was the healing mission of first lady and addiction recovery trailblazer, betty ford, who co-founded our world-renown drug and alcohol treatment center in california in 1982.

now part of the nonprofit hazelden betty ford treatment centers—ranked #1 nationally by newsweek—the betty ford center specializes in comprehensive addiction rehab, integrated care for co-occurring mental health conditions, recovery support and coaching, and parallel services for family members.
specialized programs and services

bio-psycho-social assessments
diagnosis
medical detox
ongoing medical care
inpatient (residential treatment) and outpatient substance abuse treatment
integrated mental health services
nearby homes where you can stay while attending outpatient treatment
wellness support dog programming
education and support for families and children
post-rehab continuing care treatment groups





tour our campus




meet our staff























































betty ford center

        treatment options
    















outpatient and inpatient drug rehab

        drug and alcohol treatment
    
addiction is a complex condition, and the most-effective care—whether residential or outpatient treatment—centers on a comprehensive approach. our multidisciplinary teams synchronize therapies and treatment for all aspects of substance use and co-occurring mental health disorders, so you receive complete care for all issues and complexities.
unlike most other inpatient drug rehabs in california, the betty ford center has psychiatrists, medical staff, therapists and counselors on site, providing you with continuous care and addressing needs and concerns as they arise.






















        inpatient drug and alcohol rehab 
    


learn what's involved in residential treatment and why it could be the best fit for you.



















        outpatient drug and alcohol rehab
    


outpatient treatment comes in several different forms. here's a quick q&a to help you explore options.




















do i even need treatment?





are the consequences of substance use catching up with you? hurting your relationships? causing negative situations? impacting your physical health?
learn about the most common signs and symptoms that you (or someone you love) could be at risk of developing alcohol or other drug addiction. and learn how the betty ford center's care navigators can expertly assess your situation and determine the most helpful next steps for you today.







what's involved in detox?





withdrawal from alcohol, opioids or other drugs is typically the first stage in treatment for a substance use disorder. detox refers to the process of safely and comfortably flushing those substances from your body.
withdrawal can be unpredictable and complex—depending on your specific use history, general health and other factors. that's why detox care at the betty ford center is provided by highly trained medical staff who know how to safely and comfortably monitor, manage and ease withdrawal symptoms and relieve cravings. 







why are opioids so addictive?





whether unregulated, prescription or illicit, all opioids have serious potential for misuse and addiction. there are complex physical and psychological processes involved, and dependence on opioids can be so incremental that it's not recognized as addiction until you're in crisis.
the strength of heroin, fentanyl and other unregulated or illicit opioids can unpredictable because other substances are sometimes added to increase volume or enhance potency. learn about the symptoms of opioid addiction and the most-effective treatment approaches. at the betty ford center, our specialized treatment for opioid use disorder is designed to ease the discomfort of withdrawal, reduce cravings, and help you engage successfully in treatment. 







does telehealth work for addiction treatment?





thanks to advances in virtual healthcare technologies, the betty ford center's outpatient addiction treatment programs and mental health services are more accessible than ever. for many of our patients, online addiction treatment options have resulted in better participation rates because the need to travel is eliminated—making regular attendance more convenient and likely. virtual sessions are an ideal option if you have mobility/accessibility challenges or if you're not located near our rancho mirage campus.
learn more about how our online addiction treatment programs incorporate the same evidence-based practices as our in-person services.
















outpatient care

        mental health services
    
depression. anxiety. trauma. whether you've already been diagnosed with a mental health condition or you're looking for help to cope with challenges or difficulties, our mental health professionals are here for you.

















specialized care for co-occurring disorders





substance use issues and other mental health challenges often show up together—as one complex condition. the interplay of symptoms can make diagnosis and treatment challenging. for example, the symptoms of anxiety, depression or ptsd can become more severe with drug use. likewise, substance use issues can intensify as anxiety, depression or ptsd symptoms worsen.
clinicians at the betty ford center specialize in dual diagnosis and treatment of co-occurring disorders. our services are provided by addiction psychiatrists, clinical psychologists, therapists and addiction counselors who center your care on an individualized approach and evidence-based therapies.







outpatient and online services





virtual and in-person mental health services at the betty ford center are available to the general public on an outpatient basis.
our psychiatrists, psychologists and other licensed mental health professionals provide:

mental health assessments
individual counseling
special-focus group therapy
couples and family counseling
medication coordination












in-person and virtual services

        help and healing for families
    
addiction can severely harm our relationships—especially the relationships that matter most. that's why our uniquely designed family programs, support groups and counseling services provide education and support to everyone in the family.
many of our family offerings are free, and most are available virtually so you and your family can access help and support from anywhere in california.
family services

family workshop (education and support)
children's education and support program
phone and web-based family coaching
spanish-language family session
native american family session
weekly family support groups
healthy relationship series
individual, couples and family therapy
mental health assessments





family services




contact us






















helpful links and resources






community health needs assessment 2021

community health needs assessment implementation plan
patient aid plain language summary
patient aid policy and procedures
patient aid application
proposito de la politica de ayuda para el paciente
resumen en lenguage sencillo de la politica de ayuda para el paciente
solicitud de ayuda para el paciente








service animal policy





service animals are permitted in hazelden betty ford facilities and we afford individuals who require the assistance of a service animal with equal opportunity to access the organization. per the americans with disabilities act (ada), a "service animal" is defined as a dog that has been individually trained to do work or perform tasks for an individual with a disability. 
per the ada, dogs or other animals whose sole function is to provide comfort, emotional support or companionship do not qualify as service animals. emotional support, therapy animals and pets are not permitted on hazelden betty ford's facilities, leased spaces or on campus grounds.







getting here





to hold your reservation, we request confirmation and travel details 24 hours prior to your admission.
we suggest purchasing an open-ended airline ticket that permits date changes in the event you decide to extend your stay. palm springs international airport is the closest airport to betty ford center (approximately 10 miles).
lodging
select hotels on this list offer discounted rates to visitors of the betty ford center. please be sure to mention that you will be visiting the betty ford center in order to secure your special rate.

rancho las palmas resort & spa, 1-760-568-2727, 2.2 miles
hilton garden inn, 1-760-776-9700, 3 miles
jw marriott resort & spa, 1-760-341-2211,4.1 miles
courtyard marriott, 1-760-776-4150, 4.4 miles
homewood suites, 1-760-568-1600, 4.5 miles
residence inn by marriott, 1-760-776-0050,4.5 miles
embassy suites hotel, 1-760-340-6600, 5.9 miles
holiday inn express palm desert, 1-760-340-4303, 5.9 miles
renaissance esmeralda, 1-760-773-4444, 8.1 miles








visiting and contacting patients





visiting hours
family and supportive friends are welcome to visit betty ford center inpatient residents weekly. visitation is from 12:30-2 p.m. on sundays.
can my pets also come visit?
no, please be sure to let your family members know to leave all pets at home. pets are not allowed on site, and in this area the heat makes it unsafe to leave pets in cars. if this guideline is not followed, staff reserve the right to ask a visitor and their pet to leave campus.
patient communication
here's what you need to know about calls and mail.
phone calls
patients may use their cellphones in their room, when not in programming. to reduce distractions and protect the confidentiality of the treatment community, patients are not allowed to keep their phones on their person. phones must be kept and used in patients' rooms only unless other arrangements have been made with staff.
in the event of a true emergency where you must reach staff or your loved one immediately, please call your patient's counselor during working hours, or the medical services unit at 1-760-423-6700 after hours.
gifts and packages policy
loved ones may mail or bring the following items to patients:

flowers
clothes
alcohol-free toiletries and hygiene products
books
cards
bedding and towels that are new in packaging
arts and crafting supplies
medications
cigarettes/chewing tobacco

we do not allow the following items:

alcohol-based toiletries and hygiene products
aerosol products
kombucha, energy drinks, vaping devices, e-cigarettes, cigarillos, cigars, herbal cigarettes, items containing cbd
homemade food
bedding, towels, or stuffed animals from home
weapons
small appliances
candles or items that may pose a fire hazard
sporting equipment such as golf clubs, skateboards,  rollerblades/roller skates, bicycles, baseball bats, jump ropes

to ensure the safety of our treatment community, all items must be given directly to staff and will be searched prior to being delivered to patients. items brought to campus may be delivered monday – friday 8:00am – 5:00pm and should be dropped off in the reception building. when dropping off items, you will not be allowed to visit with a patient unless explicit arrangements have been made with staff prior to arrival on campus.
hazelden betty ford center
[patient's name] 
39407 vista del sol
rancho mirage, ca 92270

lodging
the following establishments are located close to the betty ford center and so may be convenient:

holiday inn express, 760-340-5516, 2.2 miles
omni rancho las palmas hotel, 760-568-2727, 2.1 miles
j.w. marriott desert springs, 760-341-2211, 3.0 miles
airbnb: many comfortable rooms to rent in rancho mirage, palm desert












indigenous land acknowledgment
let us recognize and acknowledge that our hazelden betty ford treatment centers lie on the ancestral lands of multiple native nations. and let us also recognize that as a professional field and organization we continue to benefit from the use and occupation of colonized native lands.
let us make these acknowledgments of the ground on which we work so that all those with whom we work know that we recognize our responsibility to the indigenous inhabitants of these lands and that we strive to address our settler colonial history so that it guides our healing work in the present and the future.
we acknowledge that we stand on the homelands of the agua caliente band of cahuilla indians who are stewards to more than 31,500 acres of ancestral lands in this area. we honor and respect the enduring relationship that exists between these people and the land. while on this land, we acknowledge the specific peoples who have been affected by the colonization of this location.
 
licensure and certifications
california hazelden betty ford foundation locations are licensed and/or certified by the department of public health (residential) and the department of health care services (outpatient). 
california department of health care services – certification number 330164an – expiration 5/31/25.
california department of public health – license number 250000049 – expiration 9/6/24.
california price transparency cms requires a machine-readable file of standard charges: price transparency.csv
 













if you or a loved one are struggling with substance use or mental health issues, call today to speak confidentially with a recovery expert.







call 24 hours:
1-866-831-5700











tour our campus
take a four-minute tour of the betty ford center campus and learn more about what to expect in treatment.


















learn more

        explore videos about our treatment center in rancho mirage, ca
    












        the life and legend of first lady betty ford
    


with touching commentary from larry king, tom brokaw, katie couric, presidents gerald ford and george bush sr., among many others. 



























        daisy lane sober living community
    


our care community includes 15 homes that are available to patients participating in our outpatient addiction treatment programs.



























        susan ford bales: a legacy of healing
    


hear how susan ford bales is continuing the work and legacy of her mother, first lady betty ford.



























        meet malcolm
    


malcolm serves as a non-judgmental presence of comfort and trust for patients.



























        the science of addiction
    


thanks to science our views on addiction and substance use disorders have changed dramatically.




























meet the treatment team

        hazelden betty ford in rancho mirage, california
    














all







meet the treatment team:



all
leadership
substance use disorder counselors
mental health
medical
other








all
leadership
substance use disorder counselors
mental health
medical
other














































































































are you or a loved one struggling with alcohol or other drugs? call toll-free to speak confidentially with a recovery expert now. most insurance accepted.







for help, call:
1-866-831-5700

















we're here to help. fill out the form below, and our team will get back to you soon. if you need immediate assistance, please call us at 1-866-978-2084.



























harnessing science, love and the wisdom of lived experience, we are a force of healing and hope ​​​​​​​for individuals, families and communities affected by substance use and mental health conditions.




































for help, call:
1-866-831-5700










general info & admissions
1-866-831-5700




publishing
1-800-328-9000




graduate school
1-866-831-5700




media
1-866-831-5700




medical records
1-651-213-4492




philanthropy
1-888-535-9485




























stay in the know with hazelden betty ford foundation emails





sign up:










2025 hazelden betty ford foundation. all rights reserved. 







terms of use


privacy


notice of privacy practices


accessibility


nondiscrimination













 


1-866-831-5700















we use our own and third-party cookies to improve your experience and to analyze the use of our website. find out more about how we use cookies in our privacy policy.







reject cookies






accept cookies

























