





dragonfly | dragonflies| damselflies | dragonfly photos | dragonfly videos | what do dragonflies eat





































menu

home
dragonfly science

dragonfly facts
dragonfly id
dragonfly counts
organizations


dragonfly gardening
dragonfly watching

dragonfly optics
dragonfly id


photos & videos

dragonfly photos
dragonfly videos



our nature sites

butterfly website
hummingbird website











tis the season for
dragonfly gardening
learn how to build a pond in your own backyard to provide the best habitat for your local dragonflies. 

get digging










dragonfly shop







dragonfly faq











dragonfly photos







dragonfly videos

















dragonfly jewelry

check out our compilation of beautiful dragonfly jewelry to adorn your favorite attire! from pendants to bracelets and more.

shop now





inspiring stories
many people's lives have been touched by dragonflies, especially during periods of grief, showing up in the most peculiar times, as if summoned. we'd love to hear your story!

inspire us








welcome to the dragonfly website!
it's easy to be fascinated by dragonflies. they were among the very first winged insects to evolve over 300 million years ago! dragonflies belong to the order odonata, characterized by large multifaceted eyes, two pairs of strong, transparent wings, and an elongated body. dragonflies are similar to damselflies, but adults hold their wings away from, and perpendicular to the body when at rest. their two sets of wings work independently, allowing dragonflies to maneuver through the air effortlessly. their huge eyes give them incredible vision in almost every directions except directly behind them.
learn more













be sure to visit our butterfly website
and our hummingbird website.
© copyright 2002-2025 mikula web solutions, doylestown, pa; all rights reserved. privacy policy
we are also the creators of 
bucks county pa alive,
montgomery county pa alive,
hunterdon county nj alive,
lehigh valley alive,
and northampton county pa alive




