











first baptist hendersonville | connecting every generation to god, others, and service.

















































 











































 



 




menuhomestart herestart hereplan your visithistorywhat we believestaff closefind your placepreschoolkidspreteenmiddle schoolhigh schoolcollegeyoung prosladiesmen55+missionscelebrate recoveryfeed sumnerfamily ministry center (fmc)weekday early education (wee)rooted enrichmentpeer placebabb center for counselinglibraryesl closeget involvedconnect groupsequipping classesservewednesday night dinnerprayerworship closewatchwatchpast services closeeventsgive

 




















connecting every generation to god, others, and service
the heart of first baptist hendersonville is for every generation to know god personally, to be more like jesus, and to invest in the lives of others. with a generational emphasis and a next generation priority, there is a place for everyone, in every season of life at fbchville.













sunday mornings
worship center services:8:30 am – worship led by choir and orchestra9:45 am – worship led by choir and orchestra11:00 am – worship led by worship band
 
wilson hall service:9:45 am – worship led by worship band
 

connect groups for adults:  7:30 | 8:30 | 9:45 | 11:00 am
connect groups for nextgen:   8:30 | 9:45 | 11:00 am

 
kids worship: 9:45 am | chapel


















wednesday night activities
nextgen ministries:preschool – high school : 6:15 – 7:45 pmpastor’s bible study:6:30 – 7:30 pm – worship center & online8:50 am – live recording in worship centeradult equipping classes:6:30 – 7:30 am – weekley buildingcollege worship night8:00 am – weekley building







wednesday night dinner
seating times: 4:45 & 5:30 pmcost: $8 per adult and $5 per child. no family pays more than $25.




register now








upcoming events:








 21 february daddy daughter banquetdaddy daughter banquetfebruary 21, 20255:30 pm - 8:30 pm first baptist hendersonville bulletin, featured event, kids, nextgen, preteenmore info 02 june vbs! (vacation bible school)vbs! (vacation bible school)jun 2  -  6, 20259:00 am - 12:00 pm first baptist hendersonville featured event, kids, preteen, special friendsmore info











































nextgen ministries (preschool, kids, preteen, middle school, high school)
the nextgen ministries strive to create safe environments for kids of all ages to grow in their relationships with the lord, make new friends, and make memories to last a lifetime. 











preschool ministry

first baptist preschool ministry provides a unique environment for young children to feel loved and cared for. by offering activities and experiences that enable preschoolers to hear about the love of jesus, and know the bible is a special book about god & jesus, preschoolers begin associating god & jesus with feelings of wonder, love, and happiness.




learn more















kids ministry

first baptist kids ministry teaches kindergarten through third graders about a personal, exciting, and growing relationship with jesus christ. kids ministry strives to make church a positive place where kids are taught the truth of god’s word, challenged to live by it, and encouraged to share it with others.




learn more















preteen ministry
first baptist preteen ministry bridges the gap in the transitional years of elementary school and middle school. our goal is to help fourth and fifth graders navigate their faith as they grow in physical and spiritual maturity during the transition between childhood and adolescence.



learn more















middle school ministry
first baptist middle school ministry empowers middle school students with the truth of who god is and who he has created them to be. students are encouraged to take their next steps with christ by growing in their relationship with him and building relationships with others for his glory.



learn more















high school ministry
first baptist high school ministry engages high school students in living a life of god-given purpose. by building a relationship with christ, relationships with others, and seeking to serve those around them, students grow in living life on purpose.



learn more











2025 daily bible readingjesus: from genesis to revelation
from genesis to revelation, every story points back to him. as you study the grand narrative of the bible, you will see how jesus is present in every book in the old and new testaments.
in psalms, jesus is the good shepherd. in proverbs, jesus is the wisdom of god. in ecclesiastes, jesus is the wisdom of go. in 1st & 2nd samuel, jesus is the wonderful prophet. in 1st & 2nd kings and 1st & 2nd chronicles, jesus is our reigning king
as you study these passages daily, ask yourself how you see jesus from genesis to revelation.

2025 daily bible reading











get connected

subscribe to pastor chesser’s daily devotional and pastor raley’s afternoon news.

subscribe now

weekly bulletin

stay up to date with everything happening at fbchville!

online bulletin








106 bluegrass commons blvd.
hendersonville,tn 37075
(615) 447-1300







connect on social media

followfollowfollow



 
























