











aafd | american association of franchisees & dealers















































































 




skip to content



member servicestoggle navigationabout usform / start a franchisee associationfairness initiativesfranchisee bill of rightsfranchisee legaline℠ attorneyssupplier servicesmembershipcontact usjoin todaytoggle navigationabout useventsthe franchisee voice blogcontact usjoin todaymember servicestoggle navigationfairness initiativesassociationsfranchisee attorneyssuppliersindustry expertsmembershipmembership typesfranchisee chapter associationtrademark chapter for your franchise brandassociate for prospective franchisees and / or advocatesassociations
cost effective association management solutions
not sure which membership is right for you?take the first step towards a more fair franchisee-franchisor relationship.
contact usmembership benefitshealth care
aafd health benefits suite for members
supplier servicesassociation buying powerlegal servicesfree initial consultation for members and chapterseducation
industry experts at your fingertips
view allengage with the aafd franchisee communitysubscribe enjoy, email communications from our the franchisee voice blog.

 





homeaafd2025-02-15t20:21:23-08:00 
the right choice to form, start and manage your franchise association.empower your franchise with the aafd’s expertise in creating an independent trademark chapter for your brand.our services and areas of expertisefairness initiativesthe aafd’s mission is to achieve total quality franchising.  we do this by promoting fair and equitable franchising and dealer practices and empowering effective independent franchise associations.  
learn morefranchise associationsmany voices speaking together are hard for a franchisor to ignore. use your collective power to win a seat at the table and to fight for fair treatment from your franchisor. it all starts with forming a franchisee chapter.
learn moreassociation managementaafd is the most efficient and cost effective way to form a franchise association. our goal is to help your franchisee chapter get off the ground, provide value to your members, and succeed in your mission.
learn morefranchise attorneysdo you need a franchise attorney to review your franchise agreement, assess a potential case, or just answer pressing legal questions? our franchisee legalinesm members are the best in the biz!
learn morebuying a franchisethinking of buying a franchise?
before you commit your time, effort, and life savings into a franchise business, learn the facts, as well as the true risks that franchisors don’t want you to know about!
learn moreassociations are key for uniting and protecting the interests of franchisees. as rich stroiney highlights, the aafd shows how associations can drive success across industries through collective strength. watch the full interview with rich stroiney, ceo & chairman of the aafd board of trustees.
watch full interview
why choose the aafdfor more than 30 years, the aafd has promoted and advocated for fair and balanced franchise agreements and relationships, and helped thousands of franchisees form independent associations as chapters of the aafd. a franchisee association provides a platform for members to speak with one voice, providing representation and advocacy with the franchisor, and as a negotiating body to promote the interests and rights of franchisees. an association also provides a framework for franchisees to work together, share best-practices and resources, and may be a key strategic tool for the franchisor’s long-term brand and business development.
launching your franchisee association as a chapter of the american association of franchisees and dealers (aafd) is the most efficient and cost-effective way to quickly and easily form your franchisee association. with the expert organizational guidance and resources of the aafd, you can bring your fellow franchisees together to strengthen your voice and make sure your franchisor is listening.
learn moreaafd branded partners





 

 

 






form a chapter for your franchise system
the aafd can help build an independent chapter for your franchise system and provide management and support services in a simplified, cost-effective way. your association will be officially formed, and you will be on your way to achieving a more fair and equitable relationship with your franchisor.
inquire today



 
 





quick links fairness initiatives franchise associations list franchisee legaline℠ attorneys form an independent franchisee association industry experts become a supplier join today donate 

for members join your chapter login to member portal request a legal referral make a payment member support 

about the aafd about us the aafd story our team aafd’s four goals of service bylaws privacy 

newsroom the franchisee voice blog member alerts press releases press coverage subscribe become a contributor 

 
 
 





		©1996-2025 american association of franchisees & dealers, all rights reserved	


linkedinxfacebookyoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

member servicesjoin your chapterstart or join a franchisee associationlogin to member portalaccess benefits and discountsrequest a legal referralfranchisee legaline℠ attorneysmake a paymentchapter legal fund, seed capital, billings updatemember supportattorneys, suppliers and industry expertsinterested in being part of the network that supports our franchisee members and chapters? contact us
manage my listingjoin our communityfollow us

 open for questionssubmit your questionconnect with an aafd franchisee legalinesm attorney, to ask your legal questions and receive expert advice.








































 


go to top




