


christian-evangelical















christian-evangelical.com



site map
home
devotional
holy week
christmas
3c christianity
ükjv bible
downloads
ebooks
contact




articles


daily devotional
evangelical holy week
evangelical christmas
thanksgiving holiday
christian theology
quick start guide
bible study gen–rev
church history study
statement of faith
confession of faith
the pierre statement
headings bible 2014
reading bible 2014
study bible 2014
kjv bible 1611
3c christianity
wiki: basic christian
basic christian: decoded movies


 
the feast days


the-jesus-realm.com
feast days calendar


 
featured downloads


free downloads

basic christian essentials.zip
3c christianity
daily devotional
evangelical christmas
evangelical holy week
basic christian
blog bible study
blog history study
christian theology
confession of faith
the jesus realm
wiki: basicchristian
ükjv 2014 bible
basic christian ebooks mobi
basic christian ebooks epub
kjv bibles.zip
2014 ükjv bibles.zip



 
download cloud files


onedrive
4shared
sugarsync


 
website download

basicchristian_essentials.zip
common-christian-concern.zip


 
basic christian: downloads




christian devotional 2022 version
daily devotional, 
evangelical holy week, 
evangelical christmas, 
quick start guide, 
confession of faith, 
3c christianity
personal/desktop/email verson to download right-click and "select target as..."
use this version i.e. to email to yourself and others for a group devotional bible study
read more
 
what is this about?
the evangelical congregational church model of christian fellowship
presenting equality in the individual christian believers (royal) priesthood. the individual righteousness and holiness maturity in the current kingdom church age of jesus christ. the millennial age reign of jesus christ to come and the present age of individual christian responsibilities.
note: evangelical is a reference to the loving, goodness and kindness of god and in mankind’s friendship relationship with god as opposed to an i.e. calvinism that references an unkind god and an antagonist relationship with a supposedly reprobate mankind.
 
daily devotional
christian fellowship
when first reading and studying the bible especially the new testament one of the first topics that is going to be encountered is the topic of the kingdom of god. in the gospel of matthew it is referenced as both the kingdom of god and the kingdom of heaven.
the apostle matthew in writing his gospel of matthew is conveying to us as disciples that apart from the kingdoms of this world there is also the more important eternal kingdom of god, but that the kingdom of god is temporarily separated into the two segments of the kingdom of heaven and the kingdom of god.
read more
 
the evangelical holy week
a ten day journey with jesus - reality and faith united
a timeline, devotional and biblical explanation of the events of the original ten days of holy week
jesus walk proving the leadership of jesus christ in that during the many passion and holy week events the events didn't just happen to jesus but in actuality jesus happened to the events.
jesus walk is a timeline, a devotional and a biblical explanation of the events of the original ten days of holy week. the jesus walk timeline was written in the spring-summer of 2000 by david anson brown then the first jesus walk 10 day holy week with a partial devotional was held during holy week in 2001, later for holy week 2003 the current group focused devotional "becoming united in jesus christ" was completed. a second individually focused devotion "all the way, walking the long road" is still currently being written.
the next day john [the baptist] sees jesus coming unto him, and says, behold the lamb of god, which takes away the sin of the world. ~ john 1:29
i (jesus) am come to send fire on the earth; and what will i, if it be already kindled? but i have a baptism [cross and resurrection] to be baptized with; and how am i straitened [determined] until it be accomplished! ~ luke 12:49-50
note: the basic christian ministry follows and instructs in the historical biblical christian pattern [i.e. the literal, grammatical, historical method of biblical interpretation]. in following the actual divine and human events that christianity is a direct product of i.e. creation, original sin, heaven, hell, the virgin birth of jesus christ, the earthly ministry of jesus, the holy week events and the ministry of jesus christ including imputed righteousness, the eternal resurrection, the historic apostolic church age, the current common christian church age, the millennial age to come, and the many other human and divine events that have already happened or are yet to unfold among mankind.
read more
 
the evangelical christmas
an explanation of the original biblical events of the christian christmas holiday!
christmas day - "savior day" the day jesus christ the savior of the world entered into the world!
christmas time is a wonderful time it is a time of reassurance of god's love and of god's commitment for all mankind throughout all time. enjoy the christmas holiday season knowing that there is indeed a savior-redeemer for mankind and that jesus christ is the savior-redeemer.
read more


blog bible study
genesis - revelation
the bible study is dedicated in the name of jesus, christ, god, son, and savior. may the lord jesus christ be honored by our devotions, our study and in our fellowship. may all the people be blessed and grow in the grace and knowledge of the love and presence of god our creator and our savior. - amen!
read more
 
blog history study
the 8 global kingdoms
basic christian: church history blog study - revised outline
0 a.d. - 312 a.d. -- birth of jesus and the early church age
313 a.d. - 1521 a.d. -- birth of revised rome and the holy roman empire
1522 a.d. - 1880 a.d. -- indigenous bible translations and doctrines era - the reformation - ulrich zwingli, martin luther, william tyndale, etc.
1881 - present (2011) -- corrupt modern bible translations [i.e. esv] and compromised seminaries and universities - the modern emergent [return to occult/paganism] era - westcott and hort (1881), niv (1972) zondervan, nkjv (1979) thomas nelson, inc., etc.
overview: 8 kingdoms - the premise of the 8 kingdoms study is that each of the kingdoms are unique in that they each have a unique (advanced) interaction with the spiritual realm. the 7 gentile kingdoms primarily interact with the fallen spiritual realm while the coming 8th kingdom the kingdom of jesus christ will be the visible presence of god on earth. the study is presenting mystery babylon [revelation 17] as the fallen angelic realm out to deceive mankind, the 7 mountains (hills) as the 7 gentile kingdoms (governments) with false religion [including pseudo (emergent) christianity] as being represented by the scarlet woman [placed in between the fallen angelic spiritual realm and the human political realm], influenced by mystery babylon and able to manifest while temporarily riding above the 7 gentile global governments emplaced throughout world history. 
completed: 8 kingdoms - for all practical purposes the basic christian ministry blog has completed the 8 kingdoms (primarily ancient history) portion of the blog history study - a few more items will be added over time but nothing significant - the december blogging of the christmas holiday 2011 is scheduled next - after the new year the blogging should begin on the church history portion of the blog history study - note: thanks to everyone who is participating in the basic christian: blog studies (blog bible study - blog history study). the 8 kingdoms study, the first portion of the blog history study has taken over a year and a half to complete [starting in spring 2010] and has been a substantial project, just like the blog bible study was. my thanks and deep appreciation to everyone who is participating, sharing and involved with the basic christian blog studies especially for those who are praying for the studies and the ministry - god bless everyone!
read more
 
christian theology
a - z
studying theology
theology is like piecing together a puzzle. individual theology pieces fit together and the picture begins to emerge. the picture theology displays is the image of jesus christ!
in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god. the same was in the beginning with god. all things were made by him (jesus christ); and without him was not anything made that was made. in him was life; and the life was the light of men. ~ john 1:1-4
source: basicchristian.org
read more


home | contact | 

downloads | 
rss |
		bible | 
		wiki | 
		blog | 
		dokuwiki | 
		site map

© by david anson brown 2018-2022 all right reaserved
davidansonbrown.com
 




