









can-am police fire games |








































can-am police fire games


search
















main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
• home
• sports and results

• compulsory sports
• sport results


• history
• hosts
• hosting information
• eligibility/general rules

• games eligibility
• general rules





2024 games
2028 rfp
mailing list
what’s new
sponsors
board of directors
gallery

photo gallery
videos


patch trading







home 

can-am police-fire games
promoting physical fitness and camaraderie among emergency and protective services personnel and their agencies.
“fit for duty”

 








butler county pennsylvania has been selected to host the 2024 can-am police-fire games.  visit the what’s new page or https://www.butlercanam2024.com/ for details.
important updates to competitor eligibility were recently approved. see our what’s new page for more information
the 2022 can-am police-fire games was hosted by the city of windsor, ontario, canada.  the games were a roaring success even though covid had an impact on the number of participants.
for the first time in the history of the can-am police-fire games, lake of the ozarks won the right to host the 2020 can-am games and the first location to host the games back-to-back.  plans were in place, athletes had committed, and things looked promising, but covid destroyed all the hard work and plans.  to ensure the safety of our athletes, lake of the ozarks and the federation agreed to cancel the 2020 can-am games.  the federation extends its thanks for all the hard work lake of the ozarks did for the 2018 and 2020 can-am police-fire games.
if you would like to receive new information about the can-am police-fire games, which will include: where the next games are scheduled, dates of the games, sporting events, social events, and local attractions.
click here to enter your information










 
search



 
 follow @canampolicefire@canampolicefire
 

supporters









 




 


compulsory sports
sport results


history
hosts
hosting information
eligibility/general rules

games eligibility
general rules


2024 games
2028 rfp
mailing list
what’s new
sponsors
board of directors


photo gallery
videos


patch trading

 


web design by design dance







