







trailwood films - trailwood films & media
















































 


 











skip to content











                    trailwood films                  




home
videos
about
blog
contact


























https://trailwoodfilms.com/wp-content/uploads/web-opening-4-h.264-for-ipod-video-and-iphone-640x480.m4v













 to know something of the world is a lifetime pursuit.  learning about it is a continual joy and fascination.





















china has the largest population on earth...1.4 billion people.  it is the second largest economy on earth...second only to the u.s.  it is a country determined to assume a position of importance within the membership of nations. we have long thought of china as a poor nation.  today it's modernity will surprise you.










the river otter lives across much of the northern hemisphere of earth, although as with many wildlife species, their numbers are decreasing.  in yellowstone they are holding their own.  life seems easy for them, but  the way they meet their difficult moments demonstrates why they have the reputation as such vivacious and vigorous survivors.  that's captured here -- river masters of yellowstone.










in the 1920s wolves were completey wiped out of yellowstone park. with the re-introduction of the wolf in 1995, coyotes went from top dog to underdog.  it is in yellowstone that we can best understand the coyote of the past, for it is here that the coyote must confront the grizzly, the mountain lion and the gray wolf, his closest relative, and now his most dangerous adversary.






 





























a land of two million acres, yellowstone should have included six million acres, in what is known as the greater yellowstone ecosystem. we’re lucky to have it as it is though…america’s first national park, it is also the first national park in the whole world.
 

























the grizzly bear is the top predator of yellowstone, but even so, life can be tenuous for him.  like humans he is an omnivore, eating an amazing variety of foods.  above all else though, he is a survivor, and this video document captures action rarely seen by humans.
 

























our 2017, white wolf programs, "the hayden pack" and "the canyon pack" are available in the u.s. and overseas, for an international audience of 'wolf watchers', endlessly fascinated it seems, by these wild spirits.
 



































preview












in remote areas of the rocky mountains the river otter still lives his energetic free life.  he has few enemies, although the coyote is one.  ironically, there are times when the coyote has to depend on the otter for his own survival.  but the otters are basically just living in their own happy world...in an endless frolic, it seems. 
 
             now!                 a $2 shipping charge for each title.














home         videos       about       blog       contact
























 
           dale johnson           806 224-5868             trailwood films & media




















theme by tesseract  




























