









pike township - stark co. ohio

















































 


























home
twp. officials

fiscal officer
trustees
zoning inspector


twp. meeting minutes
services

cemeteries
road dept.
zoning board of appeals
zoning commission
zoning dept.


contact
other

community
our history












where community starts at home





 













welcome to pike township, ohio where we believe that community starts at home.  the main mission of our township is to welcome and ensure the safety of all our citizens and visitors to our historic community. as a result of our commitment pike townships’ local government has for over 200 years continued to improve our services.  services which include, road maintenance,  recycling programs, to maintaining the dignity of those that have chosen our township as their final resting place.
in keeping with the spirit of the ohio sunshine laws, we encourage all our residents to visit this website, and/or attend our bi-monthly township meetings or contact our township hall to help make pike township one of the leading townships in ohio. an above all else help us ensure  the safety of all those in our community.
in conclusion, you may contact the pike township trustees, fiscal officer, cemetery sexton, and our zoning inspector here, as well as view and print zoning forms and meeting minutes on interactive website.







ohio covid-19 information & resources

stark county emergency notification system 

stark co. sheriff department resources







pike township government





pike township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in november of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following january 1. two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. there is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on april 1 of the year after the election, which is held in november of the year before the presidential election. vacancies in the fiscal officer-ship or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees. 












contact us today







address
township hall located
7134 east sparta ave s.w.magnolia, ohio 44643
mailing address
p.o. box 434east sparta oh 44626-0434







contact
phone: (330) 866-3433
fax: (330) 866-3430
twp. garage: (330) 866-3288
pikeoffice@piketownship.com







township office hours
tuesday, wednesday, thursday's
by appointment only















name


email address


select one

select onegeneral questioncemetery sextonfiscal officertownship trusteezoning board of appealszoning commissionzoning inspector


phone


message






13 + 5 = 


submit







 








privacy policy
 






facebook


© 2021 pike township, stark co., ohio created by  casray digital productions 























