















awnings and shades for your home and business in phoenix az



































							phoenix tent and awning company						

since 1910 – the valley's awning and shade leader!
						
							
602-254-6061






hide
show
							categories menu
						

home
our products

awning & shade products
e-z ups | canvas
other products
fabric replacements


about us
photo gallery
colors / styles

sunbrella fabric colors
coolaroo commercial 95 colors
popular awning and valance styles


faq
testimonials
blog
employment
contact us



facebook

















												get free consultation												








												get free consultation												








												get free consultation												








												get free consultation												








												get free consultation												








												get free consultation												














hours:
monday - friday
7:00 am - 3:00 pm

our products




traditional awnings




dome awnings




spear point awnings




retractable awnings




roll shades




outdoor drapes




custom shade sails for self-installation




single post shade canopies




patio awnings




gazebos




e-z up canopies




why choose phoenix tent and awning company






over 100 years in business in the valley of the sun
arizona’s oldest licensed contractor
products made in our local facility; fabricated and installed by our own staff
over 80% of our business comes from prior customers and word of mouth referrals
award winning designs
hundreds of fabric colors and patterns available
free on-site consultations
licensed – bonded – insured
visit our showroom – 2829 e. mcdowell road – phoenix





frequently asked questions





can the fabric on my awning or shade canopy shade be replaced?


yes – we can often replace the fabric on an awning or shade canopy provided the frame is in good shape.




what type of fabric is used to make awnings?


our phoenix arizona awnings are made primarily from sunbrella fabric. we offer goodyear, litchfield park, phoenix and scottsdale retractable awnings, replacement awnings, patio awnings and more, and our sunbrella awnings come in a variety of attractive colors and patterns. other available styles include spear awnings and canvas awnings. sunbrella awning fabric comes with a 10-year limited manufacturer’s warranty, and is used in such products as patio and window awnings, gazebos, cabanas and more. enhance the appearance of your home, reduce utility costs, and entertain in comfort with help from phoenix tent and awning company.




i would like an awning to shade my patio, but i do not want to lose my view. how can you help?


our phoenix and scottsdale awning company can help by providing you with retractable awnings. these versatile patio awnings are also known as roll shades, and retract or roll up when they’re not needed for shade. phoenix tent and awning company also offers spear awnings, window awnings, replacement awnings, canvas awnings, and sail awnings, as well as a number of great colors and designs from sunbrella fabrics. enjoy shade when you need it and an unobstructed view when you don’t by making your arizona awnings retractable.




are there different styles available for an awning or a canopy?


phoenix and scottsdale canopy dealer phoenix tent and awning company offers many different styles for a scottsdale awning or patio canopy. awning styles include traditional, dome, spear point, and retractable. our outdoor canopies for patios reduce temperatures and cooling bills, and a gazebo canopy or garden canopy can create a resort style atmosphere in your own backyard. carefree, surprise, peoria and sun city residents in need of patio shade have found our patio roll shades to be unique and effective shade systems. the main question we ask our customers at phoenix tent and awning company is, “what shade problem are you trying to solve?” because we offer many different shade products, we can usually find an effective option to help solve the problem.










what we do





phoenix tent and awning manufactures and installs custom fabric awnings and shades, including window awnings, retractable awnings, spear awnings, spear point awnings, sunbrella awnings, canvas awnings, outdoor drapes, exterior drapes, outdoor curtains, exterior curtains, patio drapes, patio curtains, patio awnings, patio shades, patio covers, patio blinds, gazebos, cabanas, roll up shades, roll curtains, retractable shades, sun shades, replacement awnings, and awning fabric replacements. other products include pop up tents and e-z up canopies. we offer free on-site consultations for all our installed products.




testimonials


john – chandler, az

i recently had your firm replace the awning at my home. your price was competitive, all your personnel were friendly and cooperative. the workmanship is first class. i would strongly recommend your firm to anyone requiring awning work.



													read more													




frank and barbara – phoenix, az

we have lived in valley for 12+ years and as small business owners ourselves, we realize the value of quality workmanship, customer service and professionalism. you are to be congratulated for the team of people you have…they have done an outstanding job servicing us. we thank you and rest assured we will be a customer of phoenix tent and awning for life!!!!



													read more													




cal and roberta – phoenix, az

no wonder phoenix tent and awning has been here in phoenix for over a century. it’s because you employ service-oriented professionals who offer an extremely high-quality product. we’d be glad to talk to anyone about our experience with your neighborhood company.



													read more													





read more













arizona registrar of contractors






better business bureau







2829 e mcdowell rd
phoenix, az 85008
602-254-6061








						since 1910 - providing quality shade products to the greater phoenix area and surrounding communities. if you have a question on whether your home or business is in our service area, please call us at:
						
							602-254-6061



store hours:

								
								monday - friday 7:00 am – 3:00 pm
							








facebook




2829 e. mcdowell road. phoenix, az 85008. 602-254-6061
licensed, bonded, and insured | license nos. roc 002386, roc 072121


						phoenix tent and awning company © copyright 2013-2025. all rights reserved.
						
							

privacy policy


site map




arizona web design













