














overview | dept. of psychiatry | gw school of medicine and health sciences





















      skip to main content
    




 


prospective studentscurrent studentsresidents & fellowsgive to smhs







 



quick links


quick links 


administrative offices


continuing education in the health professions


departments & programs


gw resiliency and well-being center


gwish


gw faculty directory


himmelfarb library










the department of psychiatry & behavioral health




toggle navigation








main navigation


about


education & training


faculty


grand rounds


equity lab


community service


news 


latest news


newsletters


news archive




giving


contact









 




search



search






  

 



previousnext
















overview






welcome to the george washington university department of psychiatry and behavioral health. if you’re interested in learning about the patient services we offer, please visit our clinical services page. if you’d like to learn more about the educational opportunities within the department, this page will help you explore the programs we offer.








 


 


this department has a rich history, outstanding faculty and alumni, terrific residency and medical education programs and an internationally recognized research program.

 
meet the chair
 














video




























 

application information

the department of psychiatry accepts six pgy-1s each year. while we don't have an official application deadline, we encourage you to apply as soon as eras allows.










 

education & training

the gw smhs department of psychiatry and behavioral health offers a child & adolescent fellowship program in conjunction with children's national health system.










 

community service

community service is integral to the culture of the gw department of psychiatry and its faculty and residents have long been recognized for their efforts.















latest news


 

closing the healing gapfeatured newsjune 27, 2024
"i want to break down the divides between the healer and the healed," says brandon kohrt, who leads a team of researchers working to treat mental health conditions and reduce stigma from nepal to new york city.

 

endowed professorship installation: philanthropy that advances the academic medical enterpriseannouncementsnovember 14, 2023
the george washington university’s school of medicine and health sciences (smhs) celebrated three prominent faculty members as they were installed as endowed professors on nov. 1. jeffrey s. akman, m.d. ’81, resd ’85, was named, for a second time, as the leon m. yochelson chair of psychiatry and…










patient services
new patients: 202-741-2888
returning patients: 202-741-2900
billing/customer services: 202-741-3560
fax: 202-741-2891
for more information on patient services, please visit the gw medical faculty associates page.



the gw psychiatrist newsletter



give now
make a difference









social links


facebook


twitter


instagram


youtube


linkedin


rss feeds







ross hall, 2300 eye street, nw
washington, d.c. 20037
smhsnews@gwu.edu




departments

departments a-z



institutes

research centers & institutes a-z



resources

campus advisories
emergency preparedness
non-discrimination policy
accessibility
accessibility feedback form





getting around

directory
campus map
campus events
visiting information
parking information
shuttle bus schedule





initiatives

diversity and inclusion
gw resiliency and well-being center




make a gift
contact us
medicine + health magazine










 


copyright
privacy notice
terms of use
contact gw
a - z index

















