





leanne wildermuth : artist by nature  



 


























.

about

about leanne
services available
pricing
100 things about leanne
faq's
licensing & terms of use
site top ten list
site map & archives


portfolio

blog design

graphic illustrations

paintings

aceo's

commemorative paintings

custom cat portraits

custom dog portraits

custom people portraits

custom pet portraits

domestic animal paintings

eye ate it paintings

floral paintings

large scale projects

monochromatic paintings

other paintings

still life paintings

wildlife paintings



pencil portraits

photography



shop

pricing (single subject)
custom portrait packages
paintings for sale
paintings in print
nature prints
gift certificates





.







blog

bits n' blurbs

getting creative

aceo / artist trading cards

available for purchase

captionable critters

completed paintings

custom illustrations, graphics, blog designs

doodles

drawings

e.webscapes

graphite portrait giveaway

how-to's

order a painting!

painting in oils

photography prints

pumpkin carving contest

support self represented artists

technicalities

the photog in me



home and garden

a little squirrely

birdwatching

gardening

home improvements

in the kitchen

the great outdoors



life, love, and critters

a lil' history

birthday wishes

chit chat

copperlicious

dusty bunny goodness

for the love of shoes

found my fit at lee!

hahaha!  that's funny.

health n' weight

home n' hearth

it's personal.

my fondest memories

our little wheatie

quintin the quaker

schmucks!

thursday thirteen

video entertainment



paintings in progress

bird portraits

cat portraits

catfish project : rock island

dog portraits

eye ate it series

floral paintings

large scale projects

monochromatic paintings

people portraits

pet portraits

pig project : geneseo

still life

wildlife paintings

works in progress





freebies

free desktop wallpaper


contact

contact leanne
request a quote
advertise









please visit my new, improved website!
 >> wildermuth creative portraits << 




{artist, photographer & blog designer}
i’m leanne wildermuth, a pet portrait artist specializing in lifelike, detailed custom pet portraits in oil.
bringing animals to life on canvas is my calling and my passion, though my creativity knows no bounds.
i have provided custom paintings of beloved pets and people for clients around the world since 1988.
commission your own painting today and watch as i bring your loved one to life on canvas!







view more projects in my portfolio »



hire me
do you have a project?  want your own pet portrait?  these links will help you make it happen!

view services
view pricing
request a quote
order a custom pet portrait




store
shop my store for original paintings, signed prints, gift certificates and custom portrait packages! 

pet portrait packages
paintings for sale
paintings in print
photography prints
gift certificates




don't miss a thing!
subscribe via e-mail or feed reader for portfolio and blog updates!


your email:


.
.
.
.
.





{i blog.}
if you would like a more personal, intimate view of me and my life - the woman behind the canvas, husband, children and camera.  come, visit my blog, read my stories and share my love for family and nature. here are a few of my recent blog entries:




the one about the watch
the last couple of years have been really emotional for me. at times, charged and full of joy and happiness. then quickly replaced by emptiness and the feeling of being so alone. unloved. disregarded. i swung like a pendulum for a little over a year while i finally came to some profound realizations about myself, […]

7 comments  | continue reading»

filed in chit chat

long time no see
it’s time to start writing again. much to say. it’s been so long, though – that i thought i’d test a few things. are you still reading? drop in and leave a comment. i’ll be revamping the comments for social networking (and generally speaking, the site is under construction though you may not know it […]

8 comments  | continue reading»

filed in it's personal.

the feast of the moon
i was recently introduced to a sweet story, the feast of the moon by its author, brian wapole. i wanted to share it here for my animal loving readers and fans, you will enjoy it and i encourage you to pick up a copy on amazon. hamlet and emmie: the story of a novel emmie […]

2 comments  | continue reading»

filed in chit chat

the downfall of a 22 year marriage
it’s true, i have completely lost my grip on the marriage i once thought would last forever. i have to share this story – not just because i need to in order to heal and learn and grow – but because i think others need to see how actions and behaviors can truly damage people […]

15 comments  | continue reading»

filed in it's personal.

custom dog portrait : takoda
i’ve completed my final portrait of 2010 – this is takoda, a lovely white german shepherd in a nice white mat & black frame. the size of this graphite drawing is 5×7. it has been another wonderful and creative year for me and i can’t tell you how much i appreciate you checking in on […]

9 comments  | continue reading»

filed in completed paintings, dog portraits, drawings

my girls christmas portrait
i squeezed in just enough time (and space) in my studio to snap a shot of the girls for their annual portrait! this is the version i used to create our annual ornaments this year, though i did them a little differently – printing them on metallic paper backed with matboard instead of my usual […]

9 comments  | continue reading»

filed in found my fit at lee!, home n' hearth



{latest projects}






















facebook | twitter | linkedin


rss | site map & archives | terms of use


more information
contents © 2001-2025 leanne wildermuth : unauthorized use prohibited.  terms of use
this site is powered purely by wordpress and designed by leanne wildermuth.  (that's me.)  i host with the fantastical hostmonster.com  you should, too.
quintin the quaker parrot, copper the chiapoo, dusty the opal mini rex bunny and cocoa the guinea pig are all members of the wildermuth family.



