


  





cobra administration software - cobra compliance, law, benefits and administration








































































homewelcome to onque


about usabout onque
cobra onquecobra administration software

demo video
product information

refer-a-friend



supportget it here

 software update


resourcesreference sources
contactget in touch















smart

cobra onque is an expert cobra administration system using it's intelligent event processor to guide the inexperienced user through the cobra administration process. this innovative technology gives even novice users the power to administer cobra correctly and in minimal time.
learn more





powerful

cobra onque's power extends far beyond the simple cobra record-keeping features offered by other products – it frees you and your staff from the challenge of acquiring and maintaining expertise in cobra law because it guides, teaches and advises, every step of the way.
learn more





simple

automatically administers complex cobra rules, maintains a detailed event history, generates over 50 custom tailored notices, and monitors time-sensitive data.
learn more









the key to easy & secure cobra compliance

cobra onque makes your cobra administration experience simple and complete. this amazing software puts the power in your hands—it empowers you to maintain control of the cobra administration process and the costs associated with it. and it guides even inexperienced administrators through the cobra maze with ease and in minimal time. learn more






latest news




holiday hours
click here for our holiday hours 


december 27, 2023
                    			cobra onque version 8.4.1034 is now available. removes arpa notices. update your copy today.


march 1, 2023
                   			cobra onque commits to customer care by revamping support organization.  support@onque.com 


may 15, 2014
                    			onque technologies, inc. launches a new and refined web site! 





refer a friend and save on your next renewal

 20% discount on next renewal for each new customer you refer to onque that purchases cobra onque.
more details 











copyright © 2018 onque technologies, inc. all rights reserved.             
                                  
                                




view sitemap







