

ebook author tools, php scripts, educational software

















welcome!

ebook publishing tools
activ e-book compiler
advanced multimedia
coverfactory

education/teaching tools
bingo card printer
word search printer

computing books
binary, octal & hexadecimal
binary (advanced)

dinosaur books
before the dinosaurs
of the triassic
of the jurassic

math books
adding on your fingers
arithmetic sequences
column addition
fractions
grid method
math magic
multiplication times tables
percentages
platonic solids
powers, exponents, indices, surds
radians & steradians
repeating decimals
scientific notation

science books
moles & stoichiometry
the solar system

other books/ebooks
ciphers & codes
weight loss journey


other product issues
no longer available
not our product?
resell rights


contact
location




 



welcome to answers 2000 limited!


answers 2000 limited is a uk company that publishes
software and web sites.


here are some of our company's most popular products:


for education and teaching:
 

bingo card printercreate educational bingo cards
 word search printercreate word search puzzles
 
for ebook publishing:
 

activ e-book compilercreate ebooks on your pc
 advanced multimedia for activ e-book compileradd sound/video to your ebooks
 cover factorycreate ebook cover images
 
math ebooks and books:
 

amazing math: introduction to platonic solidsebook (kindle) or book (paperback)
math magic: amazing tricks with numbers, arithmetic and geometryebook (kindle) or book (paperback)
you can do math: radians and steradiansebook (kindle) or book (paperback)
you can do math: repeating decimalsebook (kindle) or book (paperback)
you can do math: working with fractionsebook (kindle) or book (paperback)
teach your kids math: multiplication times tablesebook (kindle) or book (paperback)
 
other ebooks and books:
 

ciphers, codes, steganography & secret messagesebook (kindle) or book (paperback)
 weight loss journey: how a middle aged man lost weight, kept it off, and radically improved his fitness - and how you can tooebook (kindle) or book (paperback)
 



as well as selling our own products, our company also owns
a portfolio of websites that
contain all kinds of information, and even activities, for web surfers.

some of our websites are related to our products.

many of our websites also contain advertising, the much of which
is provided by various advertising and affiliate networks.
some more detailed information about our relationships with
advertisers, and others, is given under
advertising/endorsements disclosures,









 



 
 
 


copyright © 1998-2022 answers 2000 limited


clickbank® is a registered trademark and service of keynetics inc., a delaware
corporation.

answers 2000 limited, scriptrocket.com, marketingrocket.com, marketingrazor.com, cb thank you page protector, cb multilink, cb vendor graphics pack, cb vendor power toolkit, cb rocket, cb profit tips, 
are not endorsed by, nor associated with keynetics inc. we are simply
members of clickbank's programs, just like you.


3d "cover" and "box" images are for decorative purposes only.
they do not represent actual products which are generally delivered as
an electronic downloads. most box/cover images on this website were created using
cover factory.


certain content that appears on this site comes from amazon services llc. this content is provided 'as is' and is subject to change or removal at any time.certain content that appears on this site,comes from amazon eu s.à r.l. this content is provided 'as is' and is subject to change or removal at any time.
in association with amazon.comanswers 2000 limited is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.in association with amazon.co.ukanswers 2000 limited is a participant in the amazon eu associates programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.co.uk.as an amazon associate, our company earns from qualifying purchases. amazon, the amazon logo, endless, and the endless logo are trademarks of amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates.


disclosure:
our company's websites' content (including this website's content) includes advertisements for
our own company's websites, products, and services,
and for other organization's websites, products, and services.
in the case of links to other organization's websites,
our company may receive a payment, (1) if you purchase products or services,
or (2) if you sign-up for third party offers, after following links from this website.
unless specifically otherwise stated, information about other organization's products and services,
is based on information provided by that organization,
the product/service vendor, and/or publicly available information - and should
not be taken to mean that we have used the product/service in question.
additionally, our company's websites contain some adverts which we are paid
to display, but whose content is not selected by us, such as google adsense ads. for more
detailed information, please see advertising/endorsements disclosures
click privacy for information about our company's privacy, data collection and data retention policies, and your rights.
our sites use cookies, some of which may already be set on your computer. use of our site
constitutes consent for this. for details, please see privacy.


about/terms of use
   
privacy


 


















