




alain briot fine art photography




















































april 2025 arches and canyonlands workshop





latest news



february 15th
the february 2025 print of the month is available.
january 6th
ten new online portfolios were added to this site today. you can see them by clicking on the image below:                





january 1st
the january 2025 print of the month is available.
january 1st
we wish you a happy new year 2025!





december 1st
the december 2024 print of the month is available                





 
november 29th
mastery workshops on usb black friday special offer. save 20 to 50%, 2 days only


mastery workshops on usb black friday  offer.
                      save 20 to 50%, 2 days only


november 1st
the november 2024 print of the month is available                


april 2025 arches and canyonlands workshop


october 2nd
the october 2024 print of the month is available 
september 6th
the september 2024 print of the month is available                
august 6th
the august 2024 print of the month is available 
july 5th
the july 2024 print of the month is available                
june 4th
the june 2024 print of the month is available 
may 4th
the may 2024 print of the month is available                
april 4th
the april 2024 print of the month is available

                    march 21st 
we just announced a new workshop: the april 2025 arches and canyonlands workshop
march 1st 
the march 2024 print of the month is available
february 1st 
the february 2024 print of the month is available
january 1st 
the january 2024 print of the month is available
january 1st 
natalie and alain wish you a happy new year 2024!





december 1st 
the december 2023 print of the month is available. 
november 11th
only 2 seats left for the spring 2023 antelope canyon workshop.
november 1st 
the november 2023 print of the month is available. 
september  30th
the october 2023 print of the month is available. 
september  3rd
the september 2023 print of the month is available. 
august 8th
only 3 seats left for the spring 2024 antelope canyon workshop.
july  31st
the august 2023 print of the month is available.                
july 6th
the july 2023 print of the month is available.

june 24th
only 1 seat left for the spring 2024 navajoland workshop.








new 2024 workshops announced: 
                  april 2024 antelope canyon workshop and may 2024 navajoland workshop -- only 2 seats left 

june 23rd
only 2 seats left for the spring 2024 navajoland workshop.

june 2nd
the june 2023 print of the month is available.

                    may  18th, 
                  due to a cancellation we have 1 seat available for the summit + vision field workshops. if this has your name on it act now by clicking here.

may10th, 
                  new online galleries were added to the online portfolios page today.
may  2nd,
                  the may 2023 print of the month is available. 
april 2nd,
                  the april 2023 print of the month is available. 
march 11th,
                  the march 2023 print of the month is available. 
february 19th,
                  new 2024 workshops announced: april 2024 antelope canyon workshop and may 2024 navajoland workshop. 

february 2nd,
                  the february 2023 print of the month is available.                
january 7th, 
                  due to a cancellation, we have  one opening for the spring 2022 white sands and bosque del apache workshop.





january 2nd,
                  the january 2023 print of the month is available. 





january 1st, 2023 
                  natalie and alain wish you a happy new year 2023!

























"your new artistic composition mastery dvd/usb is a real winner!
                                                thanks for all the effort and knowledge you put into it. 
                                                much appreciated."


                                          trevor lundstrom














download the free fine art photography top 16  free monitor wallpaper
                  my fine art photography top 16 is now available as a wallpaper for your computer monitor or ipad. this free download comes in 7 different monitor resolutions (from 30" to 12"), plus ipad resolution (1024x768). it is available in english and in french. below is a small jpeg of this wallpaper.  you can download it now at this link.

 testimonials



i just wanted to let you know that i am very much enjoying  the mastery dvd training videos which are truly excellent and well worth the investment. the workflow is comprehensive and logical and all the little tips are invaluable.the more of the dvd's that i see the more i am enjoying them and the more i get out of them. i am very surprised at how much really useful information and great tips that i am getting out of them. 
too many training videos focus on the "how".......move this slider to the right etc, rather than on the "why". your comments on adjusting colour by adding and subtracting other colours are really great and not something i have come across before, but they really make sense and make understanding the whole process much simpler.
david fordham, australia






i wanted to give you feedback for the layers mastery dvd. 

                            most striking was the way your images came across through the videos. 

                            i was able to follow the optimization, look at them for a long time, and see the final glow of a masterfile. subjects like black point, rusm, and selective color took several videos for me to grasps. 

                            because you do them several different ways and for several different reason it required 10-20 photos for me to fully understand their goal. i was glad you explained it with so much depth. 

                            i am most interested in your comments on selective color and color theory. i was glad you went into detail on the dvds. i was inspired to continue learning this topic. i was also able to dramatically improve the quality of my prints which is what i wanted to get out of the dvd. i did several before and after prints.
forest naujock,
                          layers mastery workshop on dvd owner















i'm working my way through the dvd--just finished half of it--and had to tell you how delighted i am with it. i relate to your practical and aesthetic approach so completely! 
it's helped me with my understanding already, and your delightful accent is an added bonus. the illustration are great and a huge help. thanks for this!

                                            marguerite
layers mastery workshop on dvd owner
                                            _____________________________________________________

i am enjoying the new layers dvd very much . i think this is a fabulous product and the information is very valuable.  for me, perhaps the most valuable part is the discussions of the master files.

                                            mike
                                            layers mastery workshop on dvd owner
















                        thank you very much for putting so much of your knowledge into a form 
                        that we can all learn from. 

                        your marketing mastery workshop on dvd
                        has not only taught me a lot about marketing,
                        it has also inspired me to try even harder to sell my work.

                        i am excited about holding my own exhibits in the near future! 

                        peter ahrens, australia

















of all the photography workshops and classes i've attended, the route 66 experience opened the door to unexpected forms of creativity. â 

                                            i am very happy with the images i produced on that trip. â in fact, i ended up with more interesting images from that workshop than from any other. â 

                                            thanks again!

                                            joel geffen

























i am still on a high from my wonderful time with both of you.  
                                            it was very, very special to be with you in the navajo country.

                                            ginny, colorado
                                              summit 2010 and vision field workshop participant


























i am about half way through your new book and very impressed. 
                                            you have done a great job with it and i am finding the concepts very helpful. 
                                            thank you for writing such a great book.  i am really enjoying it.  
                                            your photo of the stars rotating around polaris is wonderful.

                                            doug, 
                                            california

























                                            the layers mastery workshop on dvd has helped me excel my work in a way that no other book, 
                                            tutorial (napp member) or seminar has. your down-to-earth teaching style and your willingness
                                            to share yourâ techniques is unmatched in thisâ business.

                                            thank you sincerely 

                                            david wolfe 















marketing fine art photography is the best photography business book 
                        i have ever read!
i'll make this short: if you are a student, an emerging or a professional photographer just wanting to improve your bottom line, read this book. the author is personable and helpful and the text is enjoyable.
christine goldbeck, middletown, pa









although i do not envision selling my work anytime in the near future i bought marketing fine art photography figuring there would be some useful info that i could apply in the workplace somehow (personal brand, etc). 

                        i have so far read part 1 & part 2 (chapters 1-8) and i can say that the book is more than i expected (not that i have low expectations for any book from alain based on all the previous ones). 

                        i found that these first 8 chapters contain much information that causes me to think differently about my work and artistry in general and gives me energy to do some different things in the future. good stuff alain!

                        john motzi, downingtown, pa


























be sure to follow us on social media ! 
 
search this site







the web
 only your site







 
click here to read more testimonials
            and
click here to read previous what's new listings

privacy policy

all images and texts are copyright â© alain briot 2022
all rights reserved worldwide 
. 






 













