




home | cambridge health alliance | challiance.org







































alerts: 2025 mask notice | vaccines now available
close











donate




translate


















providers
locations
services
mychart




about cha
affiliations & partnerships
leadership
newsroom
population health management
quality
advancing equity at cha


academics
residency & training
research at cha
continuing education programs
diversity in academics


careers
nursing


community health
contact cha
covid information
get healthy
healthy now blog
classes and events
health &  wellness resources
staying well
tufts health together with cha
cha connect


medical records
patients & visitors










go









third party site:
for your convenience, www.challiance.org provides information and web links on our website. by clicking on this link, you will be leaving www.challiance.org and entering a website hosted by another party.
cha is not responsible for the content or functions of these third party websites. by visiting this site, you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of www.challiance.org. we encourage you to review the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of www.challiance.org.

continue
cancel





cha






care to the people
working to provide equity and excellence to everyone, every time. 





amazing doctors
who care for you, and care about you.










 patient help center
 contact us
 pay bill
 work at cha











january 10, 2025: masks are now required for patients and visitors in all clinic areas. learn more.
how can we help you?









academics & research
covid and flu vaccines
behavioral health (cbhc)












current emergency wait times
during the past four (4) hours.



cha cambridge hospital 118 min




cha everett hospital 13 min






updated 02/17/2025 05:34 pm













learn about cha
cambridge health alliance (cha) is a vibrant, innovative health system dedicated to providing equity and excellence for everyone, every time. with over 140,000 patients in boston’s metro-north region, we're proud to offer the care people need most in their lives.learn more about our services and our efforts to improve the health of our patients and communities.
watch video








news and updates









29 cha doctors named “boston top docs"
every year boston magazine features hundreds of local physicians from various specialties and disciplines, and cha providers once again were highlighted for excellence in their areas of expertise. 







the #1 hospital in ma for community benefit
the 2024 lown institute hospitals index also gave cha “a” grades for social responsibility, health equity, value of care, and avoiding overuse!













cha named a best-in-state employer by forbes
we're proud to be included on the forbes list of america’s best-in-state employers for 2024.


one of america's greatest workplaces for diversity
cha is proud to be recognized for our commitment to diverse and equitable care for our patients and communities.


cha earns top score in 2024 healthcare equality index
cha is one of 384 healthcare providers nationwide earning the coveted "lgbtq+ healthcare equality leader" designation









more cha news








cha pharmacy
switch to the cha pharmacy. pick up your prescriptions or get free home delivery. 
learn more
robotic surgery at cha
cha is now offering robotic surgery using one of the world’s most sophisticated systems.
learn more
have your baby at cha
choose the birth experience that's right for you with an ob/gyn doctor, midwife or family medicine doctor.
learn more
manage your high blood pressure
hypertension, or high blood pressure, can lead to life threatening conditions, making it a top priority for your care team.
learn more
tufts health together with cha
a plan for masshealth members created by tufts health plan and cha to provide high-quality health care for you.
learn more
advancing equity at cha
cha is committed to fostering a culture that is diverse, equitable, inclusive, and anti-racist for staff, patients and the communities we serve.
learn more






one of the nation's best maternity hospitalsa leader in lgbtq+ healthcare equalityone of the best places to work in massachusetts!nationally recognized for workforce diversitythe #1 hospital for meeting community needs















cha uses cookies and other tools to enhance your experience on our website and help us deliver you the right content. learn more about our privacy policies.











affiliated with:








teaching hospital of:
























1493 cambridge street 
cambridge, 
                                ma
02139

617-665-1000



i want to...
find a provider
find a location
find a service
make an appointment
pay my bill
get involved


not a patient?
academics
cha olc / healthstream
professional development
donor
job seekers
vendor info


contact cha
email
phone
cha locations
cha link
medical records
newsletter sign-up


connect with us














back to top
legal noticesweb privacy




        copyright © 2024 cha. all rights reserved
            
        




close























