



the soviet military awards page. medals, history and russia!












 






 
 

























 


 







titles of distinction 














hero of the soviet union
hero of socialist labor
pilot-cosmonaut of ussr
dist. military pilot ussr
dist. military navigator ussr
dist. test pilot ussr
dist. test navigator ussr
distinguished pilot ussr
dist. navigator ussr  


 












 
orders














order of victory
 order of lenin
order of october revolution
 order of the red banner
order of suvorov
order of ushakov
order of kutuzov
order of nakhimov
order of bogdan khmelnitsky
order of alexander nevsky
order of the patriotic war
order of red banner of labor
order of friendship
order of the red star
order service to motherland
order of the badge of honor
order of honor
 order of personal courage
order of glory
order of labor glory
order of mother heroine
order of maternal glory 















 
medals














medal of ushakov
medal of nakhimov
20th anniversary red army
partisan of patriotic war
rescuing a drowning person
maintaining public order
military cooperation
safeguarding frontiers
bravery in fire fighting
for bravery
combat service
valiant labor
distinguished labor
restoration donbass mines
res. black metal enterprises
development virgin lands
dev. non-black earth region
dev. petro. of w. siberia
constr. baikul-amur railroad
50 years soviet militia
defense of odessa
defense of sevastopol
defense of soviet arctic
defense of caucasus
defense of kiev
defense of leningrad
defense of moscow
defense of stalingrad
capture of vienna
capture of budapest
capture of koenigsberg
capture of berlin
liberation of belgrade
liberation of prague
liberation of warsaw
victory over germany
victory over japan
valiant labor patriotic war
distinguished mil. service
armed forces veteran ussr
100th ann. lenin's birth
veteran of labor 
victory commem. medals
armed forces ann. medals
city jubilee medals
motherhood medals
irreproachable svc. medals













 
miscellaneous








 - links of interest
      - contact












welcome to the soviet military awards page





"dedicated to providing quality information about the military and labor awards of the former soviet union...."








 








 


  


all original  articles...of interest to 
                                        the collector and the historian... 


soviet awards digest #27
"on the road to khalkin-gol part two"


  





previous articles can be accessed here

























  


 

registration is free and easy!



over 50,000 on-topic messages ranging from award history to pricing to fake detection. 40+ areas of discussion! 






awards for sale section available! 


  





enter here





















search this site






   







 





web 


www.soviet-awards.com 





















last update: 11/1/2008
contact the website



 new scans  new info 


 


site news..


 
 new digest article:
part two of two. this month, henry sakaida details his excursion to the famous khalkin-gol battlefield of mongolia! plenty of pictures shows us this beautiful and rugged country and part one ends with henry and his entourage arriving at the actual site of the famous battle!
 latest images:
                new image for you this month, an unusual motherhood medal. the ring seems to follow the same evolution as other awards with rings. first is a soldered ring, then this ring evolved into the second variation, a ring which is manufactured to appear as if it were soldered, and appears "tongue" shaped. and finally a ring which abandons the desire to appear soldered. we have the 2nd variation for you, although it is missing its suspension. if you have one of these intact in your collection, please send images of it to this site and we will replace the award with the missing suspension.




about this site..  


the purpose of this site is to educate and inform those interested in collecting soviet military and labor awards issued between 1917-1991. all type and variation information within this site conforms to the widely accepted standard created by paul mcdaniel and paul j. schmitt, in their excellent book on soviet awards, "the comprehensive guide to soviet orders and medals".  each award listed in the menu is linked to a page with relevant information for that award. different types and variations for each award as well as a collectors rarity scale at the bottom of each page are also included. information is typically updated monthly. 



warning..heavy graphics ahead.  


warning..i use a minimal amount of image compression on the linked pictures of awards. this is to keep the level of detail on these images as high as possible. linked image file sizes vary between 35k-50k. thumbnails have been optimized for the fastest transfer possible, with the least impact on quality. these images range in size from 3k-5k.






copyright ©2007 arthur g. bates iii. all rights reserved.
      best viewed using ie6+ 1024x768x32 bit color. 


please read the terms of use policy applicable to this site. 


 




since 12/2003










