




duluth, south shore, & atlantic








welcome to the duluth, south shore, and atlantic railway 
          home page 



it is with great sadness that i note the passing of kevin e. musser on 4 september 2007 at the age of 47. he was a skilled model railroader devoted to preserving the history and lore of the copper range railroad. i was always impressed with his extensive knowledge and expertise. he was willing and eager to share his knowledge and i regret that i did not take advantage of more opportunities to better know and learn from him. the few times i met him i found him a jovial chap and a pleasure to be with. i extend my condolences to his wife, children, and entire family. 


the houghton division, 1910-1925
the duluth, south shore, and atlantic (dss&a) was not a giant among 
          american or canadian railways. its routes and mileage were modest, its 
          profits marginal, and its history short. however, for a brief period 
          it was the railway that served almost the entire upper peninsula of 
          michigan, including the booming copper and iron mining regions. it stretched 
          from duluth, minnesota, through wisconsin, to sault st. marie, michigan, 
          with branches running to calumet and to st. ignace. the communities 
          along its lines depended upon it for their commerce and existence. it 
          was the lifeline of the north country. for many residents there was 
          comfort in the sound of the dss&a locomotive's whistle heard in 
          the middle of a long winter's night. one felt connected to the outside 
          world knowing that you could ride the dss&a and connect to other 
          railways that went to chicago, detroit, montréal, and beyond. 








dss&a no. 
                    555 leaving calumet with a passenger train.  the 
                    calumet passenger and freight depots are in the background
                    as well as st. joseph, the slovenian catholic church, now 
                    called 
                    st. paul.  photograph courtesy of michigan technological
                university, copper country historical collections. 




special announcements
new book on the dss&a

review: the duluth, south shore & atlantic railway: a history of the lake  superior district’s pioneer iron   ore hauler
john gaertner, the duluth, south shore & atlantic  railway: a history of the lake superior district’s pioneer iron ore hauler (bloomington: indiana  university press, 2009), isbn 978-0-253-35192-0.
the duluth, south shore &  atlantic railway was not one of america’s  fabled railroad companies that crossed great stretches of the country over  mountains and plains connecting large industrial centers, it served only the  small mining and forestry communities of michigan’s  upper peninsula, northern wisconsin, and touched duluth.   gaertner does a thorough job explaining the growth of the dss&a from  a complex merger of small lines into a railroad along the south shore of lake superior with the potential to handle  traffic from points further west to the east coast through its connection at  sault ste. marie with the canadian pacific.  
gaertner explains how the canadian pacific’s ownership of both  the soo line and the dss&a was detrimental to the latter.  the dss&a never lived up to its potential  due to the willful neglect of the canadian pacific and the tango of competition  and cooperation with the soo line, its sister corporation.  the dss&a also faced competition for the  ore hauling trade with the milwaukee    road, the chicago  and north western, and the regional lake superior  and ishpeming.  despite the best efforts  to reach profitability, with a short exceptional period after reorganization in  the 1950s, the dss&a was never able to sustain this goal.  it was eventually merged with the soo line  and what is left of its tracks is now owned by wisconsin central which in turn  is owned by canadian national.
this history contains the details that railroad fans  appreciate including details of freight and passenger train schedules and  shifts in these schedules as well as equipment purchases and uses.  the ferries and their operation at st. ignace  is well covered.  the dss&a also owed  the mineral range railroad and the hancock and calumet railroad, both of which  started out as narrow gauge lines, and gaertner also reviews the history of  these lines.  the book is well  illustrated and has maps displaying the entire line and the important segments  of the line.  the appendixes include a  roster of the locomotives owned by the dss&a, the mineral  range, and the hancock and calumet and a detailed list of all the stations in the  dss&a system.  lastly, the book  contains a detailed index.
although gaertner does mention the work life of the  dss&a employees in passing, he does not describe the workforce in any  detail, its ethnic composition, its working conditions, its pay in comparison  to other occupations, etc.  unions are  mentioned abruptly with no explanation of their struggle, if any, to be recognized  by the dss&a management.  more  coverage of the common dss&a worker would have been welcomed.  a table of the maps would have been a helpful  addition.
overall, this is an excellent corporate history of a  struggling railroad that once played a crucial role in the life of the remote  communities of the great lakes north  country.  gaertner leaves you well  informed and craving to learn more about this railroad, the region, and its competitors.  i would recommend this book to anyone wanting  to know more about the history of the region and the importance of railroads  for its development.
available from the indiana university press, 601 north morton st., bloomington, in  4704-3797, (800) 842-6796, (812) 855-7931 fax, iuporder@indiana.edu, http://iupress.indiana.edu.
note: as of 5 april 2009, indiana university press has a sale of this book at http://www.iupress.indiana.edu/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=84640. the normal price is $49.95, but you can get it for $35.00. act quickly, i do not know how long this sale will go on. 
dss&a book, list of maps
to make it easier to find the many maps in gaertner's history of the dss&a i have prepared a list of maps in an adobe acrobat file. 
color photograph of passenger car 213
today, in the mail, i received a post card with a beautiful color photograph 
          of dss&a passenger car no. 213.  would the kind person who 
          sent me this post card please contact me.  i would like to thank 
          you for it.  this is the restored passenger car now at the mid-continent 
          railway museum, north freedom, wi.  was this post card sent out 
          to all the members of the soo line historical and technical society? 
            i would love permission to scan it in and present it on the passenger 
          car web page of this site.
soo line standards
at last year's convention i learned of a new publication, soo line 
          standards, edited by larry e. easton, the society's archivist (soo 
          line historical and technical society, inc., september 1998).  there are  three volumes noiw.   it is a large format 
          book with drawings and photographs of a variety of soo line standard 
          railroad structures, bridges, cars, etc., from the society's archives. 
            although it mostly involves the soo line, there are two dss&a 
          images showing the standards for the company's logos.  since the 
          soo line was similar in many respects to the dss&a, and both were 
          owned by the canadian pacific.  i hope that the next two 
          volumes have more dss&a materials.  
the volumes costs $28.00 plus $3.00 for postage and handling for one to two books and $4.00 for three books.  make the checks payable to slhts archives.  
        you can order it from:




archives storekeeper
                  soo line historical and technical society archives
                  2124 n. locust street
                  appleton, wi 54914




dss&a and mrrr employment records
the most frequent email questions i get now regarding this web site 
          concerns employment records for the dss&a and the mineral range 
          railroad (mrrr).  i regret to tell you that, to my knowledge, these 
          employment records have not survived.  there are some scattered 
          seniority lists in the perron collection and 
          i suspect other miscellaneous employment like records in the soo line 
          historical and technical society archives.  however, the official 
          employment records were apparently not preserved.  
if you want to trace a dss&a or mrrr employee, then you are going 
          to have to use indirect sources that mention a person's railroad career.  
          for an example, i suggest you look at the railroad career information 
          i was able to construct for my grandfather, john 
          f. stanton.  i used letters, censuses, city directories, military 
          records, vital records, railroad commission reports, obituaries, and 
          other newspaper articles to reconstruct his career.  
i should add that you can check to see if there is a record for the 
          person at the railroad retirement board.  the address is:




u.s. railroad retirement board
                  office of public affairs
                  844 north rush street
                  chicago, illinois 60611-2092




this organization has a web page that goes into the details of ordering 
          these records for genealogical research at http://www.rrb.gov/geneal.html. 
            these records only date from about the mid-1930s.  i have 
          seen the records my wife found for her grandfather, william luther curtis, 
          who worked for the missouri, kansas, and texas railroad, the katy line, 
          from 1911 to 1971.  the railroad retirement board records documented 
          his rise from a humble engine house laborer to an engineer.  i 
          wish that these records existed before 1930.
lastly, i suggest you look at warren's (1998) lecture notes and elliott's 
          (1987) article for more information about tracing railroad workers.  
          the full citations can be found on my references 
          page.  
good luck in your research.  let me know if you stumble on anything 
          regarding john f. stanton.  thank you.
mystery fire photograph
the following photograph is a scanned image of a photocopy, hence the 
          poor quality.   i would like to know when this fire occurred so 
          that i can look up details about it in the local newspapers and other 
          resources.  does anyone know when the dss&a roundhouse in houghton 
          burnt to the ground?  what engines were damaged or destroyed?   
          it looks like the engine in the front of the photograph is a 4-4-0, 
          possibly a 2-6-0, with a number ending in 15.  can anyone help 
          me identify these engines?   a review of durocher's (1964; 1984-1985) 
          locomotive rosters indicates that numbers 15, 215, 415, 515, and 615 
          were vacant.  no. 715 was a 2-8-0 and would be larger than the 
          engine shown in this photograph.  that leaves no. 115, a 4-4-0, 
          that was renumbered as 101 in 1888 and dismantled in april 1928.  
          or, no.315, which was originally no. 79, a 2-6-0.  it was sold 
          on 29 june 1892 to the soo line, rebuilt before 1914, and apparently 
          was again on the dss&a roster by 30 january 1915.  this engine 
          was dismantled on 22 april 1929.  i suspect that the first engine 
          in this photograph would be no. 115 and that the fire occurred before 
          1888.  by the way, i asked rev. page about this photograph and 
          he does not recall the date of the fire.








dss&a 
                    roundhouse, houghton, after the fire.  photograph 
                    courtesy of michigan technological university, copper county 
                    historical collections, herman page collection, f. 67.  
                click on this image to view an enlargement. 




larry easton, the soo line historical and technical society archivist, 
          in an email dated 6 april 1999, has come up with some good leads for 
          this mystery fire photograph.  he searched through the dss&a 
          annual reports.  there he found in the report dated 30 
          june 1909 an expense of $4,719.10 for a new roundhouse in houghton.  
          he suggest that the roundhouse probably burnt down in the winter of 
          1908-1909, given the snow in the photograph.  although it is possible 
          that the roundhouse was destroyed before that winter, larry suggests 
          that it is unlikely that the dss&a officials would have allowed 
          a whole winter to go by given the weather conditions.  i want to 
          thank larry for this very good clue.  i will be checking it out 
          in the newspapers on microfilm on my next visit to the copper country 
          archives.
thanks to john gaertner's new book on the dss&a we now have the answer to the question regarding this fire (2009,  165): 


natural causes further altered the scene at east houghton when fire consumed the roundhouse on october 15, 1906. the flames spread so rapidly that only one of the three engines inside could be brought out part way before being overtaken. east houghton lacked high water pressure connections and it was necessary to resort to a bucket brigade to save surrounding buildings. the south shore suffered again when the temporary house took fire on march 7, 1908. this time the fire department was able to string hoses together from the nearest hydrant before the conflagration made too much headway. to prevent further catastrophes, a 4-stall reinforced concrete roundhouse was put into use in december 1908. 


apology
you may have noticed that this web site has not changed too much over 
          the last few years.  my apologies, but i am a victim of my own 
          success.  i am involved in some elaborate genealogical research projects that occupy most of my free time.  
          furthermore, i have an exciting (no joke intended, it really is fun) 
          day job doing computer and internet training and support for sladen 
          library, henry ford hospital.  consequently, i have had little time to dedicate 
          to updating this site.  several people have sent me some interesting 
          facts that i will try to add to the site as time permits.  in particular, 
          erik nordberg, the head of the copper country archives, has sent me 
          an updated list of the new materials added to the herman page collection.  
          i hope to add this soon to the site.  also, i have been working 
          on some detailed digital maps of the dss&a and mrrr lines that i 
          hope to add soon.  your patience is appreciated.
purpose of dss&a project
the immediate purpose of these pages, and this entire project, is to record what i learn about the dss&a. these pages are in essence my notebook left opened for others 
          who are interested in the dss&a.
there is another purpose, to honor the memory of my maternal grandfather, 
          john f. stanton.  he was a dss&a 
          employee who died in a tragic railroad accident 31 years, 8 months, 
          and 18 days before i was born.  however, my mother, catherine o. 
          stanton, kept his memory alive for me as a child with her stories about 
          his life and railroad experiences. 
in many ways this whole project is a personal effort to reclaim a sense 
          of the past that slipped away from me as i became an adult. i invite 
          you to share my interest in the dss&a and my attempt to reconstruct 
          the past.
scope and focus of dss&a project
although the scope of my interest in the dss&a includes its entire 
          history and operations in minnesota, wisconsin, and michigan, i am most 
          interested in its houghton division in the 1910-1925 period. the houghton 
          division ran from marquette to nestoria on the main line, it then branched 
          northward towards houghton, and on to calumet and lake linden on the 
          subsidiary lines of the mineral range railroad (mrrr) and the hancock 
          and calumet railroad (h&crr). this area is commonly referred to 
          as the copper country because of the mining of that mineral in the region. 
          the copper country consists of houghton, keweenaw, ontonagon, and baraga 
          counties of michigan. in addition, the houghton division also ran through 
          marquette county in the iron country. the focus is on this area and 
          time because this is where and when my grandfather flourished as a dss&a 
          employee. in particular, i am interested in building a mental image of what the houghton division 
          was like in the autumn of 1922, just a few months before the death of my grandfather.
documenting the dss&a project
over time i plan to complete web pages on the following topics:




history of the dss&a








dss&a history: summary




map of routes




chronology




corporate genealogy




corporate organizational chart




damn slow service and abuse: aliases, logos, 
                and slogans for the dss&a




color schemes and heralds




south shore passenger service




mineral range railroad history




hancock & calumet railroad history




other copper country railroads




the challenge of snow removal




connecting railroads and junctions




mining companies




logging companies




references 









books and articles





manuscript collections





audio-visual materials





addresses of libraries, 
                archives, and societies





other copper country 
                model railroaders







locomotives and rolling stock, autumn 1922 








locomotives




freight cars




passenger cars




maintenance of way equipment







stations 








calumet




lake linden




hubbell




hancock




houghton




chassell




baraga




l'anse




nestoria




michigamme




champion




republic




ishpeming




negaunee




marquette




other stations







yards








calumet




champion




east houghton




marquette




other yards







timetable, autumn 1922



reference style
on these pages i will try to document the sources of my information 
          as much as possible. i will be using the author and year method for 
          citing sources. for example, if you see (schaddelee 1982b, 44), then 
          this means that on the reference web page you will find the source of 
          the information in the second book or article that schaddelee wrote 
          in 1982 on page 44.
genealogy
the dss&a are only a part of my interests 
          in houghton county.   i am also a genealogist and have done research 
          in houghton county to trace my french and irish ancestors.  if 
          you share a similar interest, especially if you are acadian or french 
          canadian, then you might want to visit my genealogy 
          page.  also, you might want to read my web page on french-canadian 
          genealogical research in houghton county, michigan.

   
          
this page, and all contents, 
          are copyright © 1996 by john p. dulong, berkley, mi.  all 
          rights reserved.  
          created 15 may 1996.  last modified 25 july 2010.  this web 
          site is best viewed with your display set to 800 by 600 pixels, at least 
          256 colors, and using netscape 4.x or better.  the coordinated 
          graphics for this site come courtesy of jelane 
          johnson.  the track edge background is modified with permission 
          from a graphic found at the atlas model 
          railroad co. web site. 





