




















































more fun than a warp core implosion... — livejournal







































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































imzadi22
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














imzadi22







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








more fun than a warp core implosion...
> recent entries
> archive
> friends
> profile

> ink and vodka
> previous 20 entries



march 22nd, 201412:27 am - hbdi'm spending this birthday surrounded by loved ones, and i'm in good health, and for both of these things i'm grateful.but there's a lot of uncertainty surrounding me and my loved ones. i can't pray or cast light and love or spend time with their hurt in my heart enough to feel like i'm making one bit of difference.i appreciate the gift of this year, they say growing old is not a gift afforded everyone.but for my friends, my dear, dear friends suffering so — and my family quietly praying in uncertainty — these are false and empty wishes.if you have extra love and light that you can send to the ether, knowing it's collectivley being gathered for strength, please send it.<3(leave a comment)august 5th, 201104:50 amif you're still looking for me here, i'm back over at ink and vodka more on the regular, what with the lj issues of late.also, it's almost 5 a.m. and look who's still up.painkillers, popsicles, loose gum stitches and catching up. work in the morning will need a lot of caffeine. a lot.(1 comment | leave a comment)june 16th, 201104:13 pm - rinse, repeat.mostly rinse. i'm too old to repeat.(leave a comment)june 1st, 201105:01 pm - annnnnnnd ...i know i'm behind (again) on ink and vodka postings.i just finished a 3-day improv intensive at the hideout and i'm exhausted. mentally and physically.(leave a comment)may 18th, 201101:47 pm - all the lyrics in the worldare tangled up in my brain right now.and not the fun, dance-party michael jackson ones, either.i mean, maaaaaaaaybe this has something to do with not sleeping but a couple of hours last night or it miiiiiiight have something to do with all the humidity that's surrounding my logical cortex.i'm a scientist with my words when it comes to the gray-matter stuff. or my words are scienterrifically logical.one or the other.you know what i need?a vacation.a real one that includes a passport stamp.(2 comments | leave a comment)may 4th, 201106:54 pm - 48 hoursin <48 hours i will be ensconced in new orleans revelry and will throw myself into so much music, food, drink and laughs that i will cleanse whatever it is that's occurring in the angsty corners of my brain and body and will come back to my senses and reality.that is all.(4 comments | leave a comment)may 2nd, 201112:26 pm - whoa.i need to step away from my blog. i just posted three posts in a row and none of them are about food.(leave a comment)april 26th, 201105:14 pm - tooth and knuckleyeah, so i managed to slice off the tip of my pinky knuckle this morning in the shower and holy shit it hurts. are you cringing? you should be cringing.my zombie tooth and stitched up gums aren't fun, either.basically, these antibiotics and painkillers are working double duty.(1 comment | leave a comment)april 4th, 201103:58 pm - whoa.so there's this tracker on lj with paid accounts that shows me how many people are scoping my lj per day.who are you and why you peeping?i mean,  i blog over at ink and vodka on the (semi) regular. go peep over there.(leave a comment)january 4th, 201112:29 pmi'm so tired that taking a nap sounds exhausting.the end./jet lag(3 comments | leave a comment)december 8th, 201004:59 pm - yeah ... hi.so i got overwhelmed and have been sleeping a lot when i wasn't being overwhelmed, but i think things are turning around and i'm back on ink and vodka and back on a course that's going 100mph from here to ainjel's visit to england in 15 days.oh my god i have so much to do!!!(deep breaths)speaking of deep breaths ... if you ever think about going to the meditation yoga class at eastside yoga, know that it's 100% meditation and 0% yoga.i admit, i was looking for a low-key class to get my non-worked-out body slowly back into the fold, but i've never had my both legs and feet fall asleep in a yoga class. at the same time. aaawwkward!okay, i don't know, maybe it's yoga for the mind. maybe i'm not enlightened enough? the instructor had a message for the week — practice nonviolent thinking. both outward and (especially) inward.that's a good takeaway. maybe not worth an hour of chanting and huuuuuuuuuuuuu-ing, but it's a start.(1 comment | leave a comment)october 24th, 201010:11 pm - is the pain in my head?of course it is. on the left side, above my temple.i'm on week two of the downscaling of my nerve meds. this is all in effort to get off of them completely by the spring. as i'm on the lower dosage, the pain has started to return, which sucks ass.i was talking to l and she mentioned that this pain might be migraine or something else, because it's so far away now from the surgery that it seems strange that the meds i'm on are treating that. which got me to thinking, what if she's right? not so much in that it's a migraine or something, but what if the pain meds are treating something that is no longer acute, but possibly something that's just going to be there forever?which really is just awful. i'd say it gives me a headache just thinking about it but that's not really funny. i know it's only been a year and seven months and that it might get better with time but come on, it's already been a year and seven months. how much longer? another year? three? five? really, what if it never goes away and i have to either live with it or be on these meds forever? yes, i'm really lucky to be alive and be fully functioning and i should be counting all those blessings and be happy to not be dead (i am. i do.) but living with pain is a bitch. especially when you're not in pain when you're on meds but you can't be on meds and do other things like start a family or eat like a normal person or not feel like the room is 15 degrees colder than it is and clearly one of these is much more important than the rest, just really not that important to me right now.but i'm not the only person who's waiting on me to get better so there's that.anyway. i baked a red velvet cake for walter's birthday and it turned out crazy but yummy and i'll be blogging about it soon over at http://inkandvodka.com.also, i got my haircut and i hate it. lesson learned: never leave joey. joey is the goddess of hair.###(5 comments | leave a comment)october 16th, 201010:00 am - early in the morning ...i stumbled out onto my balcony when i woke up and took a big breath of fresh air and forgot for just a millisecond what country i was in.i love that feeling.now for a cuppa to sort out my head and get my saturday moving.(leave a comment)october 14th, 201004:37 pm - inkandvodka.comis out there on life support because it's quickly turning into a food blog instead of a catch-all blog and that might be what it ends up being because lord knows what the internet needs is another food blog.so that would make this one the one where i talk about all my private shit like acl and work and saggy-bottom jeans.yeah.oh livejournal, how i missed thee.(kinda.)(10 comments | leave a comment)june 3rd, 201008:07 ami'm updating my blog again.this time i'm doing it with regularity. my most recent post is a sad one. you've been warned.(2 comments | leave a comment)march 22nd, 201011:40 pmi still haven't sat down and figured out the rss.i will do, this week.i will.in the meantime, i'm over herehi! (waves)(3 comments | leave a comment)march 12th, 201003:33 am - how do i ...make a non-livejournal blog feed into this livejournal?i'm posting over at http://www.inkandvodka.com now.(1 comment | leave a comment)march 3rd, 201011:37 pm - the four-week incline to 100.and today i feel like all the lyrics in all the songs in all the world.(1 comment | leave a comment)february 5th, 201007:53 am - you better bring your own sun ...my sister was on good morning america this morning holding up a who dat sign. she's crazy for being up that early, and even crazier for texting me and waking me up before eight a.m. to catch it.the weather had me way down the last few days. headaches worse than usual b/c of the storm pressure. womp womp but the sun looks like it might come out today and that would be a welcome sight.sleeeeeeeeepy. how am i supposed to function this early?oh wait, spark!i'll be back later and more clever when i return.(3 comments | leave a comment)january 29th, 201001:36 pm - who dat going to be rocking the quarter?i'm heading to new orleans soon and i'm super excited. we were granted one week to launch this project that was supposed to be launched today (see working til midnight all week) and this little reprieve just ensured that i'm going to really be able to r-e-l-a-x. if you are not reading  little pam's adventures in heartache , (start back in october. it only gets better and better) you're missing out on some gut-busting posts. it's encouraged me to go get my notes of yore and see what i was tripping about when i was young and full of teenage hormones. my bff is flying here in a smidge over three weeks from how. so excited.seriously, i'm leaving the office in 25 minutes. twenty-five minutes!(1 comment | leave a comment)





> previous 20 entries> go to top


livejournal.com





























