





home - so musical

















































		skip to content










 





home
about us
programs
testimonial
contact
 

enroll todayenroll today 







 







 







main menu

 









home
about us
programs
testimonial
contact
 









 



pursue yourpassion.learning to play a musical instrument is a lifelong pursuit. we’re here to educate and fuel your passion every step of the way.

learn to play
join the so musical association






inspired by passionthe so musical association was founded by musicians for musicians. our goal is to help aspiring performers of all skill levels master their chosen instrument and share their talent. 





so… what do you want to learn today?





theory & techniquelearn the fundamental skills. this includes how to read sheet music, musical scales, conducting, and rhythm. master the basics of any instrument.

start learning



how to playwhether you haven’t played a note or have been playing for years, our curated resources will teach you the skills specific to your chosen instrument.

choose an instrument



find an instructorwhen learning an instrument, it helps to have a teacher. search the so musical association’s database for qualified instructors in your area.

search












instructor selection criteria
20 years of honoring top music programssince 2004, the so musical association has recognized the top music education programs within the united states. programs and instructors who demonstrate the following are considered for the association’s annual so musical educator awards:   • comprehensive teaching curriculum   • community engagement   • musical acumen   • student satisfactionwant to nominate a music teacher? tell us why you believe they should be considered here.about us





choose an instrument







guitar





piano





violin





drums







ukulele





flute





vocals





dj mixer









have another music related question?don’t be shy! our association is here to help you pursue your passion. submit your question, and a member of our staff will be happy to assist.contact us






 









maddison square,123 5th avenue, new york, ny 12004.


 




instruments
guitar
piano
violin
other
 




instructors
virtual music lessons
local music lessons
 




subscribe
 subscribe for the latest news, content, awards, and offers from the so musical association.

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.email *subscribe  









copyright © 2025 so musical
 



 






















