


granite and graphemes























    
	granite and graphemes
	
  
an introduction to geology and linguistics, in blog form.



saturday, january 07, 2006



	 some more about volcanoes
    


perhaps i should have provided a short overview of volcanic structure in my last post. so, here's a nice and simple diagram of a shield volcano:(snarfed from this page; williams and watkins, 2004)before i explain shield volcanoes, i will recap. in my last post, i talked about different types of magma: basaltic, andesitic and rhyolitic. i've also gone over the difference between felsic and mafic: felsic rocks contain a lot of silica, mafic ones don't. predictably, intermediate rocks are in the middle. basalt, andesite and rhyolite are basalt, intermediate and mafic, respectively.basaltic magma is about 50% silica and has a low viscosity and high melting point: 1000-1200°c. when a volcano erupts basaltic lava, the lava can travel far and quickly due to a low viscosity. a volcano's sides are built up by past flows; due to the wide spread of basaltic lava, volcanoes that produce such have gentle slopes with a very broad circumference. this sort of volcano is called a shield volcano, like the diagram above. pretty much all geology references i've read will cite mt. kilauea as example of a shield volcano. instead, here's a link to a photo of hualalai volcano.do you remember those baking soda & vinegar volcano models kids make? those are pretty much always in the form of a tall, conical mountain with a volcanic dome within a crater. (a volcanic dome is a rounded, steep-sided mass of rock (press and siever, 1994) that is situated at the top of the volcano's central conduit). such volcanoes are called stratovolcanoes, or composite volcanoes. andesitic magma is behind these volcanoes.now, there are different types of eruptions: lava eruptions, like those, are what form shield volcanoes. there's also pyroclastic eruptions, and composite eruptions. composite eruptions, which eject both lava and pyroclasts, are what form stratovolcanoes.perhaps i should first explain pyroclastic eruptions. volcanoes typically have a crater at the summit, centred at the volcano's central vent. when a volcano ejects lava, the lava fills in the crater first; once filled, it flows out the sides. now, when a volcano ejects pyroclasts, that material is exploded out.pyroclastic flows are very devastating; the ejected tephra (fluid hot gas, dust, ash and rock) can travel very fast, at up to 200 km/h. it is ejected upwards, into the air. the solid particles are kept up by the hot gasses air. the result is usually an avalanche of hot gas and ash flowing at the speed of a hurricane. due to the upwards explosion, the tephra can remain in the atmosphere for some time, until it cools too much to stay aloft.volcanoes that have only pyroclastic eruptions form cinder cones: simple, steep cones that have pyroclastic layers that dip away from the summit. they generally aren't very large. cinder cones are a type of volcanic cone, which are formed from rhyolitic magma.stratovolcanoes eject out a combination of pyroclasts and viscous lava. as a result, their sides are formed of both, which are steep, as generally neither pyroclastic or andesitic flows flow very far. after an eruption, the volcano's central cent will be filled, meaning that the volcano keeps building up and up.mt. st-helens is an example of a stratovolcano. stratovolcanoes despite being very deadly, also are very spectacular due to their symmetric, steep, conical forms.



posted by elbethil @ 9:43 pm  
      
         0 comments






saturday, december 24, 2005



	 a bit about volcanism and plate tectonics
    


every so often, a new theory occurs in science that causes somewhat of a revolution in a certain field. relativity caused such a revolution in the early 1900s, as did dna in the mid 1900s. also revolutionising science in the mid 1900s -- the 1960s, to be more specific -- was the theory of plate tectonics.the earth has many layers. a brief explination of plate tectonics, as i provide here, needs only reference two layers: the lithosphere and the asthenosphere. if you're wondering what those two words mean, the trick is (as is with scientific jargon in general) to look at the morphemes: "litho-" stems from the greek "lithos", meaning "rock". (the element "lithium" also contains this morpheme, with the "-ium" morpheme added to indicate it an element.) "astheno-" stems from the greek "asthenes", meaning "weak". the lithosphere is the rocky outer layer of a planet, also known as the crust. underneath the lithosphere is the asthenosphere. the lithosphere, being of solid rock, is hard and rigid; the partly-molten asthenosphere upon which it floats is considered "plastic". by this, it is meant that it is a thermoplastic: it is deformable, melts, and when frozen, becomes brittle and glassy. think about it like clay: you can mould it around.here's a diagram of the earth's layers, to illustrate. (from the usgs website.)anyway, moving on: the theory of plate tectonics infers that the lithosphere is segmented into numerous "plates" which are in motion as they float above the asthenosphere. there are three types of plate boundaries: divergent; where two plates are moving apart. convergent; where two plates are moving together. transform fault; where two plates move past eachother in a parellel manner. (from understanding earth, by press & siever, 1994; click the image for better detail.)convergent boundaries are generally the most heard-of ones. it is at convergent boundaries where one encounters subduction zones. as the plates are hard and rigid, when they collide, one plate will go above the other and the other is subducted. the subducted plate is pushed downwardly into the mantle and is "recycled" (it is melted in to the surrounding rock).a lot of interesting things happen at subduction zones. volcanoes and earthquakes immediately come to mind.if you've ever boiled a pot of water (which most people have, i would assume), you hopefully would have noticed that bubbles well up in certain areas rather than in one part. this is some basic physics here, called convection. the heated water wants to rise; it is more efficient for it to come up in "weak spots" rather than spread out.it is believed that convection currents in the earth's interior are the driving force in plate movement. that is especially pertinent to volcanoes: the very hot magma of the earth's interior wants to escape via some of the weaker points in the lithosphere, after residing in a magma chamber underneath the volcano. there's many ways to categorise volcanoes, and one way is by the magma composition.there are three such categories of magma composition: basaltic, andesitic and rhyolitic. basalt is mafic; rhyolite is felsic, and andesitic is intermediate. the composition of magma is determined by the composition of the rocks it melts as it penetrates the lithosphere.basaltic magma, which is about half silica (sio2), has a low viscosity and is considered to errupt "gently". the volcanoes of hawaii and iceland produce basaltic magma, for example. you see such volcanoes in places where oceanic crust (which has high iron levels) is being melted.rhyolitic magma is more or less the opposite. being felsic, it's silica content is quite high, about more than 70%. it's much more explosive. explosivity is mostly determined by the amount of disolved gas in magma and its viscosity. basalt, which has low viscosity, allows for gases to escape quickly through the magma. rhyolite has high viscosity, so the upward mobility of gas bubbles is stymied. this will build up until the gas explodes out of the volcano.volcanoes producing rhyolitic magma are found where continental crust (which has high silica levels) is being melted, such as in yellowstone national park in the united states. the geysers there are a product of the volcanic activity there.lastly is andesitic magma, which you see mostly at coastal areas. andesite is also explosive due to a high viscosity, but a bit less so than rhyolite. being intermediate, its silica levels are at about 60%. the formation of andesitic magma is nicely explained in andesite's wikipedia entry:andesitic magma in island arc regions (i.e. active oceanic margins) comes from wet melting of mantle wedge peridotite. when an oceanic plate is subducted, it contains a lot of water. this water is removed from the subducting slab because of the increasing pressure and temperature. flow in the mantle wedge carries the water down to sites directly below the volcanoes, where the water enables the melting of the mantle peridotite. the initial melt is usually of basaltic composition. on its way to the surface, the melt stalls and cools, enabling the fractional crystallization of silica poor minerals, thus raising the silica content of the remaining melt and resulting in andesitic magma.



posted by elbethil @ 5:50 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, december 19, 2005



	 here's my starting point...
    


i want my blog to be a chronicle of the things that i learn. i've named it "mafic morpheme", after two words that i learnt in the not-too-distant past. i do love the sound of the word "mafic". "mafic" and "morpheme" are geology and linguistics terms, respectively."mafic" is an adjective used to describe igneous rocks. the antonym is "felsic". the more mafic a rock is, the more it contains calcium, magnesium and iron. also, the more mafic it is, the higher its melting point. on the other side, the more felsic a rock is, the more it contains silica, sodium and potassium. whereas mafic rocks have high melting points and low viscosity, felsic rocks have low melting points and high viscosity.the perennial examples of mafic and felsic rocks are basalt and granite, respectively. there are many differences between the two, although one common characteristic of both is that they are ubiquitous in geology. formation one difference. there are two types of igneous rocks: plutonic and volcanic. plutonic rocks are formed from magma, when the magma cools underneath the crust and upwells to the surface. granite is our key example here.it is the formation of volcanic rocks that more people tend to be familliar with: magma errupts out of a volcano in the form of lava, and then cools, forming rocks such as andesite, rhyolite and, of course, our friend basalt. related to volcanic rocks are pyroclastic rocks, which are formed by the accumulation of different bits of volcanic rocks that are scattered during an explosion. my two favourite rocks are pyroclastic: obsidian and pumice.obsidian is a dark volcanic glass, which is falls under the "felsic" category. in geology, a "glass" such as obsidian is one that formed from the cooling of magma too swiftly for any crystalisation process to occur.pumice, like obsidian, is a glass, although it may not appear so. it is so filled with holes that its density is low enough for it to float. the sponge appearance is due to the escaping of gas during formation.onto morphemes now. a "morpheme" is a unit of a language. suffixes and prefixes are two types of morpheme. they are the parts of a word that make up other words. sort of like lego. lego, for example, is formed of plastic; like lego, morphemes are formed by phonemes: the sounds of a language. phonemes are represented by graphemes, such as the letters you read here."-eme" is a morpheme. my oxford english dictionary (oed) defines it as "forming nouns denoting units of structure, etc." it is formed by the grahemes "e", "m", and then another "e". it contains only two phonemes though /i:/ and /m/ (/i:m)."morph-", "graph-" and "phone-" are all morphemes too. morphemes are morphed together to form words, and so we get morpheme (morphing + eme). grapheme is straightforward: we write it, or, using a synonym, graph it. "phone-" indicates sound, speech. it is a common morpheme, seen in words such as "telephone" and "phonon"."tele-", indicating something bridging distance (ie: telescope, television); and "-on", indicating particles in physics, are two other morphemes. i could continue on this vein for quite a while, but i'll stop now: it's late and i ought to be sleeping...



posted by elbethil @ 10:55 am  
      
         2 comments











about me

name:  elbethil 
location:  lethbridge, alberta, canada 
i frequently procrastinate by doing things like this.
view my complete profile



links

walk on the grass
omniglot
le conjugeur
today's date in haida
geowhen database
planète terre

previous posts

some more about volcanoes
a bit about volcanism and plate tectonics
here's my starting point...

archives

december 2005
january 2006









 





