




 

 
 





swedish health services | swedish









 




























skip to main content
 




















provide your location


we'll use your location to find clinics, hospitals and doctors closest to you.







zip code or city






















mychart    






pay my bill    






careers    
















 
                                    my account
                                
 













 
 
 













 



















popular searches





quick links

























find a doctor    







locations    












ballard campus    




cherry hill campus    




edmonds campus    




first hill campus    




issaquah campus    




mill creek campus    




redmond campus    




view all    









services    












cancer    




heart & vascular    




neurosciences    




orthopedics    




pediatrics    






pregnancy and childbirth    




primary care    




urgent care    




view all    









get care    












see a doctor    




same day care    




get care virtually    




schedule with mychart     








pay my bill    






careers    






mychart    

























popular searches





quick links











 

 



 




                                        winter weather advisory
                                    




get inclement weather updates and location closures or delays.






























welcome, swedish visitors. we have a new look.
providence and swedish have been caring for the puget sound region, together, for a decade. now, we are uniting under one brand in the puget sound region.
learn more 























how can we help you? 



 










find a doctor


find a location


find a service


get a price estimate


masking and visitor policy






insurance accepted


pay my bill


find a class


request medical records


make a donation












 
 














safe in-person & virtual appointments
whether you need attention for something minor or major, we’ve put in place additional protocols to make sure you feel comfortable and confident every time you seek care.  








                             get care virtually
                        

see a health care provider without going to a doctor’s office. our virtual visit services can treat and diagnose through online video and phone appointments.


get virtual care











                            same day care
                        

see a health care provider today at a convenient neighborhood urgent or expresscare clinic, now open with extended hours, 7 days a week.


see clinic locations











                            see a doctor
                        

appointments can be scheduled by video, phone or in-person with a provider. call your provider's office to discuss your needs.


find a doctor




 
 











 
providence app
we're with you, wherever you are.
make providence’s app your personalized connection to your health. schedule appointments, conduct virtual visits, message your doctor, view health records, and more. learn more about our app.


download the providence app now.
scan this qr code with your smartphone.










 











find specialized care and treatment 















see all services 
 

current templateid = {9db36991-ef5f-43a4-9a39-8bf322ea2cfc}





locations near you 





                        set your location to find care near you. your location:
                    







zip code or city








 











find another location 
 






news & information from our experts
get the latest news, important information and updates from swedish experts.











                        leading us health systems launch the truveta genome project, creating the world’s largest and most diverse database to discover the science
                    

                            2/12/2025
                        
the regeneron genetics center® will sequence up to ten million exomes, helping to accelerate drug discovery and transform patient care.








                        do you have rsv or rsv symptoms? you may be eligible for a new study.
                    

                            2/6/2025
                        
providence swedish is a clinical trial site for this important rsv research. learn more about criteria and how to participate.








                        storm academy inspires young students with health care career exploration
                    

                            2/5/2025
                        
in partnership with the seattle storm and providence swedish, rise above students were given a space to learn from various health care professionals and ask meaningful questions.








                        this unique partnership supports access to lifesaving care
                    

                            1/21/2025
                        
clinicians from the providence family of organizations work with project access northwest to strike down longstanding barriers to specialty and primary care.




 

 























our mission
improve the health and well-being of each person we serve. 







our values
compassion, dignity, justice, excellence, integrity, safety. learn more about our mission, vision and values. 






contact us 









across swedish 

about us 

annual report to our communities 

community health needs assessments and improvement plans 

our doctors 









resources 

for caregivers (our employees) 

careers 

physician & provider careers 

transfer & operations center 

classes and events 

online bill pay & financial assistance 

get a price estimate 

price transparency 

read our blog 




















connect with us 

 

 

 

 







disclaimer terms of use 

terms of use & privacy policy 

notice of nondiscrimination and communication assistance 

notice of privacy practices 

patient rights 





©2025 swedish medical center. all rights reserved. 














