

 







the academy mn mma free trial classes - kickboxing, boxing, jujutsu, judo, wrestling, jiu jitsu minneapolis















































































questions? call (763)560-5696 
 








 navigation


about
childrens programs
adult programs

kickboxing
jiu jitsu
mixed martial arts – mma
personal training
self defense lessons


call us!


about
childrens programs
adult programs

kickboxing
jiu jitsu
mixed martial arts – mma
personal training
self defense lessons


call us!









welcome to the academy #1 martial arts classes in mnat the academy we provide you with the tools, experience, and knowledge you need to achieve your goals.learn moremodern and traditionalsafe & fun training for all!  no matter your age, skill or fitness level we have a program that is right for you. reach your potential with our martial arts classes.our martial arts programskickboxingfitness, fun and self-defense. use your entire body as a weapon!see detailsgrapplinggain strength, cardio and self defense. using technique leverage and controlsee detailsmmacombine wrestling, bjj, muay thai, boxing and more to be fight readysee detailsthe academy advantagewe are the #1 martial arts gym in mn! we offer classes in muay thai, brazilian jiu jitsu, mma, boxing, judo, wrestling, jkd & filipino kali. since 1992, we have been helping people of all walks of life improve their lives through practicing martial arts. got questions?what is the difference between jiu-jitsu, muay thai & mma?jiu-jitsu is a grappling based art that focus on joint locks, strangles, and controlling positions. muay thai is a striking focused art that uses the entire body to create effective strikes. mma is the combination of striking and grappling. it allows flowing seamlessly between combat ranges with striking and grappling.

what if i have no experience, what is right for me?the majority of our students start with no experience. it's understandable to feel anxious/nervous. we have a friendly community spirit that is the bedrock of our culture. it's ok to try a few classes and see what resonates with you. if our school isn't the right one for you we will talk you out of joining. a lot of beginners have started their marital arts journey with us. we look forward to meeting you!

what happens in a typical class?depending on the instructor and the art it can vary. generally there will be a warm-up, new techniques are introduced and practiced with a partner. there is sometimes live situational training at the appropriate level. at the end of classes there is usually a cardio component. most classes are 60 min long. with 2 classrooms we have over 70 times each week where people train

who will coach me?we have a variety of different instructors who are all certified to teach in their discipline(s). many of our instructors have traveled, trained and competed all over the world. we regularly have students visiting from other countries and across the usa because of the level of coaching we provide. who will i be practicing with?classmates come from all backgrounds, sizes, abilities, genders and experiences. much of the work we do requires practicing with classmate, because combat is always with another individual. we pride ourselves on the friendly community and team spirit we have built over the years.do i have to spar?the short answer is no. the longer answer is to be proficient at combat you must practice against a resisting opponent to develop skills that could save your life. we have developed one of the best sparring cultures in mn. our students work diligently to keep each other safe and to be in a learning zone.

will i get hurt?there is risk with any physical activity and minor injuries do happen sometimes. because of the inherent dangers of combative martial arts, the heightened awareness of safety keeps most people from any sort of catastrophic injury. the goal of our practice is developing real combat skills in a safe manner. continued practice requires being un injured and therefore we use methods of learning that are safe and effective. is this stuff for fighters only?no!! the majority of our students are regular folks who are looking for a hobby that promotes well being, strength, confidence, energy, friendship, teamwork, how does martial arts enhance happiness and well being?humans can flourish by pursuing happiness indirectly. by seeking out physical, intellectual & emotional challenges with a supportive group we can enhance our well being and experience more happiness.hear it from our community


 

greg nelson is one of the best trainers in the gamejoe rogan


 

working with greg nelson has had a profound impact on my stunt and action directing careerdavid leitch


 

i like the encouraging atmosphere and that nobody acts surprised or pats me on the back for being a girl and training hard. karin jacobson


 

my wife claims i have been a changed person at home since beginning training at the academy… kelly   johnson-free classes--free tour--free intro lesson-enter your info in the box below




first name*last name*email*

phone*
 











δ

 we hate spam too,  we promise to keep your info secure.





discover how our programs can help you reach your goals




first name*last name*what benefits are you looking to gain by training with the academy mn?

get in better shape


self-defense


competition


healthy hobby


for my child


not sure - just curious
email*

phone*street addresscitystatezip code
 











δ

 we hate spam too,  we promise to keep your info secure.programshomeaboutchildrens programsadult programskickboxingjiu jitsumixed martial arts – mmapersonal trainingself defense lessonsfeaturesfight teamofficial representativesnewscall us!instagram





flashback to some legendary martial artists our co


 





one of the biggest lessons in martial arts is the 


 





martial arts isn’t just a hobby; it’s a lifest


 





congrats to coach katie on winning ibjjf worlds bl






congrats to all the new black, brown, purple and b






feeling sluggish? 😴 get up and move! even a sho


 





iron sharpens iron. ⚔️ surround yourself with 


 





ego is the enemy of progress. 🥋 to truly master


 





mastery isn’t just about training hard; it’s a


 








 





congrats to the new team academy blue and purple b






in the world of martial arts, it’s easy to get c


 





in martial arts, as in life, growth often lies on 


 





plant the seeds of greatness 🌱

in martial arts


 





feeling sluggish? hit the mats! sometimes, the bes


 





embrace the challenge, master your art

in the rin


 





don’t chase results, build your martial arts lif


 





consistency is adaptable not rigid.

think consist


 





no zero days on the mats!

life gets busy, but eve


 





feed your mind, fuel your fight!

martial arts isn


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram






contact6840 shingle creek pkwy #24brooklyn center mn 55430call/text: 763-560-5696email: info@theacademymn.comcopyright ⓒ 2024 theacademymn.com | terms of service | privacy policy

 
 
 


 










discover how we can help you achieve your goals
free intro class & free tour


first name*last name*phone*email*


 











δ








 





 


 










learn more about 1-1 coaching
personal training


first name*last name*phone*email*


 











δ








 




























































