




vocab.org - a uri space for vocabularies




vocab.org - a uri space for vocabularies



introduction
vocab.org is an open uri space for vocabularies such as rdf schemas or xml namespace documents.
the purl http://purl.org/vocab/ is mapped to this domain. it is recommended that all vocabularies hosted here define their term uris 
using the purl rather than the vocab.org domain. the purl is expected to persist longer than vocab.org, although every effort will be
made to ensure that vocab.org persists for as long as possible. (please see the availability statement for more
information on this topic)
the following vocabularies are currently hosted here. note that i am not accepting any further additions to this list.

academic institution intenal structure ontology
a vocabulary for describing the internal organisational structure of an academic institution
aiiso roles
a vocabulary for common roles found in academic institutions
barter
a (very) simple bartering vocabulary for people and organizations.
bio
a vocabulary for biographical information
changesets
a vocabulary for describing changes to resource descriptions.
evidence
a vocabulary for describing evidence.
frbr core
a vocabulary describing core terms defined in the frbr report.
frbr extended
a vocabulary describing extended terms defined in the frbr report.
lifecycle
a vocabulary describing a resource lifecycle modelled as states and transitions.
open.vocab.org
a static dump of the data formerly accessible at http://open.vocab.org/
participation
a vocabulary for describing roles people play within groups.
relationship
 a vocabulary for describing relationships between people.
reuters_regions
a vocabulary compatible with the region codes used within the reuters news corpus.
reuters_topics
a vocabulary compatible with the topic codes used within the reuters news corpus.
resourcelist
a vocabulary for describing list of arbitrary resources that may be grouped and ordered.
riro ddl
a vocabulary for rdf service discovery descriptions.
riro gpt
a vocabulary for rdf graph patterns and templates.
riro sdl
a vocabulary for rdf-in/rdf-out service descriptions.
vann
a vocabulary for annotating other vocabularies
whisky
a vocabulary for describing whisky varieties

additionally, there is a reserved namespace "vnd" for private use. 

copyright (c) 2004 ian davis | privacy statement | availability statement
contact ian davis for more information.






the source for this page can be found in the github repository.



