



	kataaro custom martial arts products - kataaro




























beltsbeltsall beltssolid beltsstriped beltsblack beltsjujitsu beltsmaster beltstheme beltsbelt informationbackuniformsuniformsall uniformsjudo-jujitsukaratetaekwondobackpatchespatchesall patchesstock patchescustom patchesbackaccessoriesaccessoriesall accessoriesgift boxescertificatesdisplayskey chainsapparelgift certificateclearancebacksix sigmasix sigmaall six sigmamaster beltsblack beltsrank beltscertificatesdisplayskey chainsbackclassessign incustomer service




  search


sign in






0





















                join now
                and sign up for our mailing list!
            


please enter your email address below




















gracie barra
                        
                        bundles are here
                    
officially licensed rank and deluxe versions available for you to explore and customize.
order yours






first responders jujitsu belts
                        
                        now available
                    
support the first responders foundation with this unique grappling weave jujitsu belt.
explore options






inner beast belts
                        
                        now available
                    
each inner beast is embroidered on the jujitsu rank sleeve before sewn to your belt for a ferocious and unique aesthetic.
explore options






hand-crafted
                        
                        american made
martial arts belts masterfully hand-crafted in the usa. rank belts, black belts, masters belts - all custom made to order.
shop now






quality you can see
                        
                        and feel
                    
custom-made and embroidered martial arts belts is our focus and expertise.
about us






craftsmanship
                        
                        to set you apart
put us to the test and discover the difference.
our belts






it's your anthem -
                        
                        customize it
let your imagination run wild and let kataaro make it a reality.
embroidery options


















featured products






gracie barra x kataaro jiujitsu rank belt bundle








rank certificate (1) - custom japanese portrait/vertical








kataaro zip up hoodie - bonsai








deluxe inner beast artwork jujitsu rank belt








kataaro martial arts t-shirt - neon bushido warrior








embroidered first responders jiu-jitsu grappling weave belt








chess pieces bjj rash guard








chess pieces bjj patch








designer contoured face mask








deluxe red core black belt








jujitsu grappling weave belt














events & highlights



free stripes


learn more




gallery


view




partners


learn more




awareness


learn more



 
exceptional products
kataaro strives to create the best martial arts products in the world. our selection of belt designs caters to many martial arts disciplines, including karate, jujitsu (bjj), judo, tang soo do, and taekwondo. if you don't see a belt you're looking for, kataaro can help you craft a belt to your specifications. to read more about what sets us apart, visit our belt information page. kataaro is proud to offer six sigma and lean quality control program awards! visit our six sigma page to view award options - including green belts, black belts, certificate displays and more.
the kataaro experience
designing your ideal belt is an exciting part of your martial arts journey! kataaro is honored to partner with you by creating an experience worthy of a champion. exceptional in-house embroidery is available for belts, accessories, and uniforms. our expert graphics department will guide you through the embroidery approval process and is always available to assist you with artwork and design recommendations - giving you total confidence in the final design. accurate translations for japanese, chinese, and korean are readily available. explore our embroidery information page to see how creative you can be.
a culture of excellence
we are as committed to quality craftsmanship as you are to your martial arts craft. made in the usa, kataaro aims to exceed expectations for custom martial arts products. discover for yourself why kataaro is the definitive choice of champions all over the world – you’ve earned it.





























kataaro
512 e commercial ave
lowell, in 46356
usa







phone: 815.846.1128
email: info@kataaro.com
monday-friday 9 am - 5 pm cst

















service
contact us
faqs
order status
advocates
athletes
free stripes




policies
privacy policy
return policy
shipping policy
terms
employment








storebeltsuniformspatchesaccessoriessix sigmaclasses




learn
about us
order process
gallery
embroidery
belt info
resources








© copyright 2003-2025 kataaro llc. all rights reserved.

iowa website design by cylosoft










            please wait...
        









add chat to your website

