














bethlehem, ny - official website | official website









 















skip to main content




















water odor update


	water odor update
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














    about bethlehem      town government      our services      doing business      how do i?  



 







 




























































































































  
 
 



  
 
 
















 featured news




 featured news











public comment for permit renewal & modification for cedar hill water pollution control pgm 

for public comment (until 3/14), the town of bethlehem posts the new york state department of environmental conservation notice of complete application/intent to renew and modify permit for the cedar hill water pollution control program (wpcp) facility.				read on...




2025 farmland agricultural use lease applications accepted 2/13-3/7 

the town has a total of ~249 tillable acres that are available to lease for private farm operations for 2025.  of these, 2 separate lease opportunities are being offered.  if you are a farmer and interested in leasing town-owned farmland, please read on.				read on...




help wanted - telecommunicator/9-1-1 dispatcher in police department 

the bpd is seeking candidates for a full time telecommunicator. this job involves responsibility for receiving all emergency calls made to the town and for dispatching the personnel and equipment in accordance with the location and nature of the situation				read on...




help wanted - dpw field operations – utility service helper/water and sewer maintenance person 

the title for this position will be determined by experience of the candidate.				read on...




help wanted - dpw field operations – senior water and sewer maintenance person 

read on...




two arrests were made in the bethlehem high school “swatting” from sept/oct 2024 

two arrests were made in the bethlehem central high school “swatting” investigation that occurred in september/october of 2024.				read on...




heap (home energy assistance program) and energy efficiency appointments, 3rd weds from dec-feb 

heap (home energy assistance program) and energy efficiency appointments, 3rd wednesday of each month 3-5 pm, december through february.  this program is open to all ages.				read on...




bicycle and pedestrian committee member wanted 

the committee is in need of a passionate and knowledgeable residents who wants to serve their community on this volunteer advisory committee.  candidates from marginalized and/or underrepresented backgrounds are sought and encouraged to apply.				read on...




parking ordinance - no parking on town roads 1-7 am from 11/1 to 4/15 

the town has a parking ordinance in effect each year from november 1 through april 15 whereby no vehicles are allowed to be parked on any town roads between the hours of 1:00 a.m. to 7:00 a.m. regardless of the weather.				read on...




water quality update – february 7, 2025 

we've received numerous calls from residents noting that there is a musty smell to their tap water. this update is intended to explain why this is and what we’re doing to address it, and to reassure our customers that our tap water remains safe to drink.				read on...





 



/civicalerts.aspx


 



tab name






 
 
 








 
 
 





 





stay connected


 
 










  





 
 
 








calendar










tue, jan. 28 		 - mon, mar. 3
 

annual 30-day period to have land certified as agricultural 2/1-3/1



thu, feb. 13 		 - fri, mar. 7
 

if you are a farmer and interested in leasing town-owned farmland, apply by 3/7



mon, feb. 17  

town offices closed - presidents' day - no senior services transportation



tue, feb. 18  

planning board meeting 6 pm



tue, feb. 18  

selkirk fire district board of commissioners meeting, tuesday 2/18 at 6 pm



wed, feb. 19  

zoning board of appeals meeting 6 pm



wed, feb. 19  

alice's discussion group for seniors, third wednesday of the month, 10:30 am - noon



wed, feb. 19  

heap (home energy assistance program) and energy efficiency appointments, weds 2/19; this program is open to all ages



fri, feb. 21  

special meeting of the delmar fire district board of commissioners, friday, 2/21, 6:00 pm






 



/calendar.aspx



 
 
 


 












search







 
 
 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 
 

 










     





 
 
 




public notices


water quality


zoning changes/update


2025 town budget


winter street maintenance


2024 final assessment roll


view online property tax bill/receipt


traffic safety and concerns


delaware avenue complete streets


water meter photo project (lead and copper rule) 


bethlehem safe streets


open space planning


port of albany project


equity and justice in bethlehem


supervisor's state of the town addresses


employment









 








 
 














	445 delaware ave., delmar, ny 12054   |        ph: 518-439-4955   |     monday - friday 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.

home  |        contact us  |        site map  |        accessibility  |        copyright notices  |  staff mail | powered by civicplus®
 






  
 
 














loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









