








privacy alliance


































privacy alliance


news
our members
our mission
resources

kid’s privacy
privacy resources for consumers
privacy resources for businesses
effective enforcement of self regulation
guidelines for online privacy policies


 









in order to have a personalized experience on the web, whether to customize information, find products you want, or just search for a long-lost friend, you need to use personal information. you have an interest in protecting that information just as you would with your home security. this site has been built and launched to show you how.

privacy seals
maintaining your privacy while surfing safely
keep it to yourself – protect your personal information
stamp out email problems
glossary



opa’s privacy policy guidelines
guidelines for effective enforcement of self-regulation
creating consumer confidence online brochure
more business resources…
<p “style=text-align:center;”>the online privacy alliance lead and supported self-regulatory initiatives that created an environment of trust and that foster the protection of individuals’ privacy online and in electronic commerce.for businesses and webmasters wanting to comply with the ever increasing strict regulations and protocols as in europe,privacy alliance recommends obtaining the advise of a credited and qualified internet marketers in your state who are up to date with local laws.
for privacy concerned users.
identity protection is one step closer towards protecting your privacy. the privacy of individuals is crucial for safety and security, for both personal and professional reasons. the best way to ensure your privacy is protected online is to familiarize yourself with basic software, choosing the right browser and anti-viral program. it is also important to familiarize yourself with the best type of computer, printer, keyboard, hard drive, mouse and any other computer devices for proficiency.
nowadays, whether it be social or business,more and more interaction is being done online.social networks such as google + and facebook have privacy issues that need to be considered and understood before joining wholeheartedly.such issues are discussed here. other things such as making online applications should be done warily and by reading the privacy policies of such websites.you should also research and ascertain whether the websites belong to valid and authentic businesses.
boost your privacy through online reputation management
it’s likely happened to everyone with a social media profiles – someone comes across a picture or a post or simply something else you’re associated with that you would have rather they didn’t. maybe that person is a parent, spouse or even an employer. online reputation management is an effective way to control the information that is available about you online. whether you want to promote your positive attributes when applying to a new job, or simple want to remove any webpages that put you in a negative light, online reputation management agencies are able maximize the positive reach of your online presence. read more.
nsa whistleblower reveals the government is spying on ordinary american’s cell phone calls
it seems like the news is constantly full of united states citizens cautious of the government and their invasion into our everyday lives. one way in which many whistleblowers have exposed this personal intrusion is through the government’s reported monitoring of our cell phone records. over the past few years, government agencies have been accused of keeping track of the phone calls and transmitted data of its own people through a program initially designed to be used for overseas transmissions. read more.
businesses with sound and credible privacy policies.
business and non profit organisations as part of their best business practices will present you with a clear and a effective policy on how they will treat and record your visit to their website or your contact with them by other means. this is known as their privacy policy and they are accountable for it.
some companies with examples of credible and accountable privacy policies, include
at&t
boeing
creditwalk
dell
discountrue
ebay inc.
microsoft
nestle
pricewaterhousecoopers
time warner inc.
vectorgrove
yayimages




kid’s privacy
privacy policies
enforcement
for businesses
privacy resources for consumers
rules and tools

recent postsfive privacy policy requirements you need to knowlearn about the best android security appdiscover the worlds premier app development companiesonline privacy alliance applauds ftc’s plan to devote more resources to enforcing existing privacy lawsonline privacy alliance urges consumers to look for privacy policies when shopping online this holiday season 












copyright © 1998 - 2025 privacyalliance.org - inquiries: golke.ca






















