








the copernican group

















the copernican group provides unique management and technical
consulting services to software startups. we identify and assess business
opportunities, assist in creating effective and fundable business plans, set
development plans, recruit staff, conceive initial products, manage product
development and product marketing, draft patent applications, negotiate
distribution agreements, and mentor executive staff. we help develop software
businesses, assist in developing technical organizations and in planning and
implementing complex software products, applications, and internet-based
services. 
earl sacerdoti, the
principal consultant, has over thirty years of experience in both general
management and managing research, development, and engineering. he has conceived
and grown new businesses and brought a variety of advanced software
technologies to market. as a founder, board member, executive, or early
investor he has worked intimately with three startups that went public, three
that were acquired, and a half dozen others that are operating successfully. he
has served on the boards of directors of six high-technology small businesses.
he has taken an acting cto or acting vp engineering role with several startups
to define, develop, and release their first products. he serves as ceo coach,
providing perspective, insight, and a sounding board for a few hours each
month.  he is an inventor of three issued
and four pending patents. he chairs the software committee of the keiretsu
forum, the san francisco area’s largest angel investment group.
the copernican group can help bring software activities to fruition quickly.
the copernican group's affiliated senior consultants have over 100 years' experience
in developing and managing systems based on artificial intelligence,
object-oriented databases, intelligent agents, and other leading-edge software.
we can manage and staff projects for both the short and long term. 
we are relentlessly pragmatic. 
we can help with:

product planning
technology assessment
business planning
expert witness services
 

kudos
we relish delighting our clients. click here for some words
of praise from recent clients. 
where does the name
"copernican group" come from?
high technology is not in the center of the universe. much
of our guidance to our clients derives from this obvious but oft-forgotten
fact. 
the software
business is tough! see our analysis
of software magazine's ranking of the 500 top software vendors.



how to reach us:
to receive more information about the copernican group 
phone: +01 (925) 831-9631
fax: +01 (925) 831-0264
email: info@copernican.com



copyright ©1996-2009, the
copernican group.
proprietary to the copernican
group. information retrieved from copernican group pages may be used for
internal purposes only and may not be posted elsewhere without written permission.
the cg logo is a trademark of
the copernican group.  



please send any comments or suggestions regarding the
copernican group pages to webmaster@copernican.com
 



