


mousel's mixed martial arts academy


























home




          classes
        

overview
introduction
testimonials
instructor credentials
schedule
location
fees


articles






          forums
        

overview
mixed martial arts (mma) & bjj
jeet kune do
thaiboxing and kickboxing
filipino martial arts
women's self-defense
boxing
wrestling corner
chinese martial arts
japanese martial arts
korean martial arts
indonesian martial arts
urban street combatives/r.b.m.a.
kenpo / kempo / kajukenbo
fitness, nutrition and training
mental training techniques and psychology of fighting
running a martial arts business
business of personal training/private lessons
forum feedback and help
introduce yourself!
open access
seminars and events
questions & answers
burt offerings
msda academy news
tactical military and law-enforcement training



contact





















muay thai mixed martial arts
"mousel's mixed martial arts academy"




















featured video
women's self-defense
see video








train with us
why you should
why us?








your instructor
get to know us
meet us















women's self-defense course
this is a video of a women's self-defense class given at sam houston state university. while watching a video isn't as good as attending a course, there is still a lot that can be learned from watching this online course. if you practice the skills presented in the video you can improve your chances of surviving an attack.


						how to avoid a violent confrontation
					
strategies to trick your attacker 
learn to disable your attacker by utilizing your strengths against the attacker’s weaknesses. 
how to escape the most common grabs and holds 
defense against the most common strikes 
extensive training about survival on the ground imagine a 200 pound attacker pinning you on your back…learn how to escape safely 
learn to keep you and your loved one's safe 

click the play button to see a short clip of the class.



















why you should choose us...
sharing knowledge and helping others reach their full potential is what we do best.
				

					the martial arts were originally aimed towards life preservation and self defense, but today people come to us from all walks of life, each with their own set of reasons for wanting to train at mousel’s mixed martial arts academy. some want to learn self defense, others want to fight competitively, some seek to become physically fit and others just want to have fun. whatever the reason you chose, you will find others just like yourself studying at mousel’s mixed martial arts academy.
				

					this is why mousel’s mixed martial arts academy has developed proven teaching methods that will not only help you learn quickly and easily but also provide a wide range of benefits for students of all experience levels. we train beginners as well as professional fighters that compete at the highest level of competition (ufc, strikeforce, king of the cage, legacy, etc.).












tim mousel
tim mousel is the owner of mousel's mixed martial arts academy, women's self-defense, and the edge personal training.

1986 - black belt from the eclectic martial arts federation

1987 - full instructorship from the dubuque martial arts group
1988 - level 2 instructor from rick faye of the prestigious minnesota kali group

1990 - instructor certification from ajarn surachai sirisute, president of the thai  boxing association (see part of the test here)
1990 - associate instructor certification under bruce lee protégé guro dan inosanto to teach filipino martial art as well as jun fan gung-fu (jeet kune do concepts)
1990 - opened first gym in houston to offer mixed martial arts (mma), muay thai, jeet kune do, brazilian jiu-jitsu, filipino martial arts and combat submission wrestling (csw).
1991 - houston branch director for the thai boxing association of the  usa

1996 - blue belt in brazilian jiu-jitsu from rickson gracie

2003 - coach level 2 from erik paulson, combat  submission wrestling

2004 - class c referee certification, abu dhabi combat club

2004 - consultant for the book by kru tony moore, "muay thai - the essential guide to mastering the art

2005 - instructor in jun fan gung fu -  jeet kune do grappling arts from sifu larry hartsell, jun fan/jeet kune do grappling  association

2005 - purple belt in brazilian jiu-jitsu from leonardo xavier

2006 - full instructor (kruh) certification from ajarn surachai sirisute, president of the thai boxing association
2009 - coach level 3, highest ranking combat submission wrestling coach in the southwestern united states
2009 - lead pro coach in texas for the combat submission wrestling organization
2012 - 10th instructor worldwide to earn the honorable rank of senior full instructor (ajarn) from ajarn surachai sirisute, president of the thai boxing association

presentations


2012 - 2013 - one weekend per month tim traveled to different parts of the united states teaching at fitness conferences attended by personal trainers, physical therapists and athletic trainers in need of continuing education credits. the courses covered the latest cutting-edge information in the fields of exercise science, biomechanics, and fitness training. 
2013 - presented "muay thai kickboxing for the personal trainer" at florida mania, one of the largest fitness education organizations in the country
2015 - presented "peak performance training: debunking the myths" at the revgear  university international conference
2017 - presented “combative drills & games” at the revgear university international conference
2018 - presented "mitt training for mixed martial arts" at the revgear  university international conference which also featured guro dan inosanto, ajarn chai sirisute, sensei erik paulson, sifu francis fong and many other top martial artists


					a bachelor of arts degree in physical education and coaching (k-12), and a master of science degree in sports science from the united states sports academy have given tim the ability to teach the martial arts and fitness in a professional, effective manner.
he is former chief physical training instructor for the hcc law  enforcement academy and teaches in the kinesiology department (exercise science, theory of exercise, fitness testing, fitness industry operations, advanced weight training & conditioning, personal training) at a local houston college. 
he's also an instructor for the american red cross in first aid, cpr and aed. tim is a certified personal trainer through the national  academy of sports medicine (n.a.s.m.) and the american council on  exercise (a.c.e.). july 12th of 2017, tim received the elite american  college of sports medicine certified exercise physiologist certification.
tim has trained many of houston's top martial arts instructors and has students he has trained compete at the highest levels of mixed martial arts competition including the ultimate fighting  championship (ufc), king of the cage, pride, national kickboxing and thai boxing championships, amateur and professional boxing.  tim was also the strength and conditioning coach for two-time world boxing champion reggie johnson.
				










about mousel's  
    								mixed martial arts academy
we offer quality training for all skill levels. whether you're a total beginner or a professional fighter, you'll feel right at home!

mousel's mixed martial arts academy has been bringing houston the very best in martial arts instruction since 1990. although our techniques are based on century old knowledge, it is our application of that knowledge that sets mmmaa apart. we realize that each of you possess different natural abilities; size and strength will vary from person to person, etc. that is why once that you have acquired a strong foundation and ability in the basics, our program is individualized to match your physical capabilities in order to maximize your self-defense skills. should the need ever arise you will possess a firm understanding of exactly what it takes to do both mentally and physically defend yourself or your loved ones.









our facility

currently, private sessions are offered in cypress, tx near lone star college - cyfair. at this time, there are no large group classes.












why you should choose us.
sharing knowledge and helping other reach their full potential is what we do best.

the martial arts were originally aimed towards life preservation and self-defense, but today people come to us from all walks of life, each with their own set of reasons for wanting to train at mousel’s mixed martial arts academy. some want to learn self-defense, others want to fight competitively, some seek to become physically fit and others just want to have fun. whatever the reason you chose, you will find others just like yourself studying at mousel’s mixed martial arts academy.
this is why mousel’s mixed martial arts academy has developed proven teaching methods that will not only help you learn quickly and easily but also provide a wide range of benefits for students of all experience levels. we train beginners as well as professional fighters that compete at the highest level of competition (ufc, strikeforce, king of the cage, legacy, etc.).
mousel's mixed martial arts academy are martial arts organizations dedicated to the promotion of mixed martial arts (mma), bruce lee's jeet kune do concepts, brazilian jiu-jitsu, thaiboxing (muay thai), combat submission wrestling (csw), filipino martial arts, boxing, reality-based self-defense (rbsd) and women's self-defense through seminars, classes and instructional videotapes & dvds.











what our clients have to say
they chose us and couldn't be happier!







reggie "sweet" johnson, 3-time world champion boxer:
"tim's job is to make me bigger, faster, and stronger in which will not only give me the physical edge but the mental edge as well as we pursue world title number three."






read more








join us with our 3 day intro offer, 
free!!





ask for mousel's mma special








current events






martial arts classes
tues, wed & thurs at 6:45 p.m. - 7:30 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. - 8:15 p.m.  saturday  from 12:00 - 12:45 p.m.
mousel's mixed martial arts academy has been bringing houston the very best in martial arts instruction since 1990. although our techniques are based on century old knowledge, it is our application of that knowledge that sets us apart. we realize that each of you possess different natural abilities; size and strength will vary from person to person, etc. that is why once that you have acquired a strong foundation and ability in the basics, our program is individualized to match you physical capabilities in order to maximize your self defense skills. should the need ever arise you will possess a firm understanding of exactly what it takes to do both mentally and physically defend yourself or your loved ones.
space is limited, register today!

click for details




personal training
by appointment
you can expect professionally designed programs that will streamline the process of losing weight, getting in shape, transforming your appearance and even improving your athletic performance. 
a custom meal plan and access to the edge personal training phone app are included with your training plan.
contact the edge personal training today!

click for details




women's self-defense
sunday, february 23, 2025
you can expect professionally designed programs that will streamline the process of losing weight, getting in shape, transforming your appearance and even improving your athletic performance. information taught in this course is very empowering when you know you have some skills that can enable you to avoid and deal with a violent situation.

						the women's self-defense course we offer will help give you the security and peace of mind in knowing that you can dramatically increase the chances of surviving/avoiding a violent attack. the ability to protect yourself, your friends and your family from dangerous situations is priceless.
get registered today!

click for details












view our feature article from the houston chronicle!























helpful links



class information  |
schedule  |

about us  |
testimonials  |
contact  |



follow us on facebook!









copright © 1997-2025 mousel's mixed martial arts academy. all rights reserved.








 








