







home | masnet






























a singapore government agency website  

how to identify







official website links end with .gov.sg

                                government agencies communicate via
                                 .gov.sg 
                                websites (e.g. go.gov.sg/open).
                                
                                    trusted website







secure websites use https

                                look for a
                                 lock ()
                                or https:// as an added precaution. share sensitive information only on official, secure
                                websites.
                            






















faq
contact info
feedback
sitemap










masnet















about masnet






links  
                                    



 
                                                    abs faqs on us nra withholding tax regulations




 
                                                    abs k2 and k3 rates




 
                                                    daily market prices




 
                                                    market prices for mla




 
                                                    monthly statistical bulletin






downloads






login

























masnet,the financial communication network
connect. communicate. collaborate.




you are: 
home










welcome to the new masnet!
masnet is the communication network set up to provide efficient and secured communication and data exchange services between mas and the financial institutions in singapore. today, masnet has more than 2000 participating organisations comprising financial institutions, the singapore exchange (sgx) and government agencies using its services. masnet services include submission of electronic regulatory returns to mas, exchange of electronic payment instruction, platform for data exchanges between participating organisations and requests from banks for deposit and withdrawal of notes and coins.

important notice:
23 january 2025 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
13 january 2025 – intermittent issue accessing dcg portal - https://masnet.mas.gov.sg/dcg [services restored]please be informed that dcg is currently having intermittent access issues. our technical team is actively working to restore full service. we appreciate your patience during this time.
9 january 2025 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
2 january 2025 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
11 december 2024 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
4 december 2024 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
2 december 2024 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
29 nov 2024 – maintenance for masnet [completed]please be informed that masnet will not be available from 11 a.m on 30 nov 2024 (saturday) (gmt +8) to 9 p.m on 1 dec 2024 (sunday) (gmt +8) due to a scheduled maintenance. during this time, you will not be able to access any masnet services. we apologize for any inconvenience caused
25 october 2024 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
18 october 2024 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
25 september 2024 – maintenance for dcg [completed]please be informed that dcg will undergo maintenance from 6pm onwards. we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
all subscribers are advised to plan in advance and reschedule any activities that require the usage of masnet during the maintenance period. subscribers who are using masnet email and masnet access (e.g. file transfer [automated file transfer and web upload/download], concatenation and distributions) services for data exchange are advised to liaise directly with your counterparties to plan for alternative file transfer arrangement during the maintenance period. masnet access service for the automated file transfer (server-to-server) will not be affected by this scheduled maintenance. please refer to the masnet access notification emailed on 6 apr at 5pm for more details.
should you have any enquiries, you may contact masnet helpdesk at helpdesk@mas.gov.sg.  
 
   





last updated on 24 jan 2025








report vulnerability 
privacy statement
terms of use




                    ©2025 government of singapore
                





















