






home new - sarah's hat boxes hancock, nh 03449




































































 


















603-525-3800      |      sales@sarahshatboxes.com














home
products

hat boxes
round / oval boxes
mens hat boxes
wedding and wine boxes
picture tops
small keepsake boxes
yarn boxes


about us

about us
return policy
terms and conditions


contact us

contact us
showroom directions


wholesale

store display boxes
custom printing & imaging
wholesale

























nh chronicle: crafting sarah’s hat boxes



 





































































































our most popular boxes











 








































































 




hat boxes







 












 




wedding & wine boxes





men’s hat boxes







reggie gives his nod of approval …..

discover the difference that quality craftsmanship can make!

upgrade your hat storage with our exclusive men’s hat boxes. each box is carefully crafted to preserve the timeless appeal of your favorite hats.

> men’s hatboxes







our meticulous attention to detail ensures that your hats remain in perfect condition, with no fading, dust, or misshapen brims. made with the same dedication as the hats our grandfathers wore, these boxes are a testament to enduring quality.
the vintage tools used to create these masterpieces were our forefather’s hallmark, hand tooling suedes, felts, and leathers to create a fedora that fits like a glove.
we have taken the same level of precision and created a men’s hat box that guarantees preservation. our boxes are equipped with a custom insert, safeguarding the crown height, crease, and brim of your hat.
transporting your favorite headwear is effortless with the built-in cording handle, ensuring convenience and ease. when you choose a men’s hat box from sarah’s hat boxes, you are investing in the longevity of your beloved hats.

contact us








some of our work over the years . . . 











 












































































































 













about sarah’s hat boxes

as a family-owned and operated business since 1984, sarah’s hat boxes has been dedicated to providing our customers with the most exquisite custom fabric boxes. from elegant boxes for special events and eye-catching store displays to unique packaging solutions, gift baskets, and successful fundraisers – we’ve done it all. with our commitment to quality and attention to detail, our boxes are a testament to craftsmanship and style. discover the world of sarah’s hat boxes and elevate your packaging game.

stop by our store when you’re in the area. our showroom is stocked with lots of beautiful boxes. we are located at 141, forest road in hancock, new hampshire.



 









address

sarah's hat boxes141 forest roadhancock, nh  03449



contact us

phone: 603-525-3800email: sales@sarahshatboxes.com



social media

facebook




showroom hours

mon - sat  10am - 6pm
sunday  11am - 4pm





privacy policy




disclaimer








sarah's hat boxes copyright 2009-2023 | powered by kww



 





























