










coving & cornice architectural moulding products
















































 






















 











 

menumenumy account0



 
inspiration
how to articles
faqs
contact us

call 020 8660 2854 








menumenu



coving & cornice

coving mouldings (77)

nmc coving (41 pcs)orac coving (36 pcs) 
traditional cornice styles (60)contemporary cornice styles (14)cornice lighting troughs (43)

nmc light profiles (12)orac lighting range (31) 
'curtain' profiles (12)mitred corner sections
artistic wall decor

3d wall panels3d wall tilescoving art hanging railsdoor architrave & pedimentspilasterscolumns
ceiling roses

nmc ceiling centresorac ceiling roses
dado rails

nmc panel railsorac luxxus rangeorac axxent range
skirting boards

nmc skirting boardsorac base plinths
exterior products

external corniceroofline dentilsporch support brackets
tools & adhesives

mounting & joint adhesivestools
offersinspirationhow to articlesfaqscontact us 









decorative home mouldings - from davuka grp ltd 




improve your home.  enjoy your home.
nmc & orac coving & mouldings – inspiring designer interiors
 








									coving mouldings
								









									cornices & lighting troughs
								









									skirting boards
								









									other decorative mouldings
								


download our full brochure











the uk’s favourite online store for decorative home decor mouldings
inspirational and creative design patterns
manufactured to the highest european quality standards
first-class service with a genuine best-price guarantee
most products are available from uk stock with 1-3 day delivery direct to your door
no-obligation friendly help and advice












what our customers say
 







the website is better than others


great service, excellent product. the website is better than others, too. will definitely use davuka again, thank you. 



			tony f		






cost of the coving undercut any supplier


the cost of the coving undercut any supplier in my area. although this was delivered some distance the order arrived safely and quickly. - hassle free! great service and would use again! 



			claire d		






great product!


great product, easy to fit (and i am not a diy person) and looks fantastic in the room. prompt delivery service. 








quality product at a good price


have ordered a few times from here. reliable, efficient, affordable. product as described. happy customer. 



			alastair		






easy fitting


this company has a large range of covings and cornices which are indistinguishable from traditional plaster mouldings when fitted. fitting is easy as the materials are light weight 



			roger		






an excellent service


an excellent service. extremely helpful on the phone, delivered quickly and the cornice is all up and looking fantastic. thank you! 



			catherine		






excellent


excellent quality products. superb service. would thoroughly recommend. 



			graeme		






excellent company to deal with that…


excellent company to deal with that produce excellent products!!
we are so pleased with the door panels that have transformed a very plain flat door into a door that looks very classy!
very easy to fit and paint very well. 



			ms jw		
 


leave a review








the home of britain’s finest decorative mouldings




welcome to the uk’s most trusted one-stop shop for home improvers, design professionals, trade installers and general diy decorators.  with a wide range of stocked, easy-fit, top-quality products matched by a superb service record, davuka grp ltd is instantly recognised as the premier nationwide supplier of ceiling coving, led lighting cornice, impact-resistant skirting boards, and beautiful ceiling roses.  manufactured to the highest european quality standards you will find an extensive collection of inspiring coving designs – from modern/contemporary to traditional patterns as well as plenty of cornice troughs for direct and indirect led lighting.  we even supply certain coving mouldings with optional pre-cut corners plus some in a flexible option for rounded walls and bay windows etc – something that is extremely difficult or very expensive to achieve in plaster or mdf.
building a positive customer relationship is of paramount importance to us.  we will do anything possible to ensure you have the best possible experience with our service and product.  that’s why both trade and private customers consistently return to us for every project they undertake. “the service was the best that i have ever received in 25 years of business!”
please call us on 0208 660 2854 or email us with any questions you may have; we will do our best to help.
and don’t forget – you can also collect your air miles with payment options by american express as well as all other major debit and credit cards.sorry, but we do not currently have any option to view or collect products on our premises at present. 







browse our products






useful articles
a wealth of knowledge and “know-how” to get you started








									step by step guide to fitting coving
								









									"how to" videos
								









									benefits and advantages
								









									how to paint cornice
								


read more articleswatch our videos






inspiration
need some help deciding? take a look at some of these creative projects and collections
 








									modern collection
								









									steps collection
								









									ulf moritz designer elements
								









									uplighting profiles
								


get more inspirationdownload our brochure

















 

home
faqs
terms & conditions
gdpr privacy policy
contact us


 tel: 0208 660 2854

 © 2025 davuka grp ltd  - coving & cornice : decorative architectural mouldings 

 


















 























