


nathan m. bisk college of business | florida tech
























































skip to main content


















                academics 





                      academics
                    

                      florida tech’s approach to academics is research-driven, high-tech and hands-on, allowing our students to both gain knowledge and get real experience applying it. here, you don’t just learn—you do.                      




degrees & programs


colleges, schools & depts.


services & resources


learning experiences


aba online


florida tech at orlando


florida tech at spaceport


corporate level up program


continuing education


burrell college of osteopathic medicine


florida tech online








                research 





                      research
                    

                      it is through research that faculty members advance their fields, students enhance their learning, and the university creates change for the benefit of our planet and all of its inhabitants.                      




student design & research


centers, institutes & labs


news & stories


center for advanced manufacturing & innovative design (camid)


library


faculty profiles


sponsored programs


expert directory








                admission & aid 





                      admission & aid
                    


                      ready for the future? whether you hope to join the florida tech family as a freshman, transfer student or graduate student, your journey to panther-hood starts here.                        
apply
get info
visit 





why florida tech


first year admission


transfer admission


graduate admission


international admission


visiting florida tech


scholarships & aid


admitted students


dual enrollment


non-degree seeking


connect with us


office of financial aid








                life at florida tech 





                      life at florida tech
                    

                      what's it like to live and learn at florida tech? the answer differs for every student, but you can count on one thing: the people here are friendly, open-minded and passionate about their work.
                      





clubs & organizations


residence-life & housing


campus dining


health & wellness


fitness & recreation


civic engagement


greek life


arts & culture


athletics & esports


about florida tech









                  select spacebar or enter to search florida tech website
                
 search
              






search: 


when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.







                links for 





                      students
                    



                      faculty & staff
                    



                      parents & families
                    



                      alumni & friends
                    





              |
            


                apply
              



                visit
              



                get info
              


              |
            


                give
              





            apply
          

            get info
          

            visit				
          



 give to florida tech  




menu

















 florida tech  nathan m. bisk college of business
nathan m. bisk college of business




skip section navigation







            page menu
            


aboutacademics and learningfaculty, research and centersstudents and alumniconnect with us





accelerated business
master's in accounting and financial forensics
doctor of business administration
all business majors, degrees & programs







make greatness your goal

the nathan m. bisk college of business at florida tech has a global vision to educate and empower students to overcome seemingly impossible obstacles and navigate increasingly complicated challenges to become great business leaders. driven by core values including innovation, ethics, leadership and diversity, we strive for greatness in all areas of business.
the college of business brings the business world into each classroom, providing a wide range of educational opportunities that are relevant and timely in addressing today’s complex problems. students learn to think critically, work effectively in teams, and create and explore new opportunities to innovate in our rapidly changing, technology-driven world.
at the undergraduate level, students gain skills and experience that position them for success. graduate students develop specialized knowledge and skills to advance their careers. learning in the context of a stem university creates an environment for students to be future entrepreneurs or contribute to the success of any organization, all while taking an active role in defining the future of business.

give to the college of business
weventure
 weventure women's business center
business newsletter

the bottom line - spring 2024




our storiesflorida tech hosts annual cob innovation challengesixty students from florida tech’s foundations in cie course participated in the annual college of business innovation challenge.florida tech team among winners at stock market challengethe team of students and faculty achieved the highest return on investment among participants in the ja stock market challenge.rockledge wins top two spots at high school business ethics competitionthe competition is designed to encourage high school students to explore the subject of ethics and leadership.







business programs accreditation

international accreditation council for business education (iacbe)
the nathan m. bisk college of business at florida institute of technology has received specialized accreditation for its business program(s) through the international accreditation council for business education (iacbe) located at 11960 quivira road in overland park, kansas, usa. for a list of accredited programs please view our iacbe member status page.
view our iacbe compliant public disclosure of student achievement.












          150 w. university blvd.
          melbourne, fl 32901
        

(321) 674-8000



show your support
contact us


florida tech facebook


florida tech twitter


florida tech instagram



florida tech tiktok


florida tech youtube


florida tech linkedin




resources


academic calendar


catalog


employment


security




information


consumer information disclosures


privacy policy


non-discrimination & accessibility


title ix






view florida tech’s ease grant performance measures




campus map | sitemap



        © florida institute of technology. 
        














edit page 