








































 smarter dealmaking | firstcapital

















  
linkedintwitteryoutubemenuclosecompany
services & sectors
deals
smarter thinking
careers
contact
smarter dealmakingat firstcapital we have a reputation for premium results. supported by our global network, market insight and experienced team; we deliver win-win dealswhat our clients saya track record of smarter deals
firstcapital is an international investment bank. from our offices in london and silicon valley, we advise high-growth technology companies on mergers and acquisitions, private equity and growth capital transactions.
we take a different approach to dealmaking – a smart approach, which is proven to deliver premium results with very high close rates. we’ve sold clients to some of the biggest tech companies in the world and dealt with many of the leading global tech investors. get in touch to explore whether we would be the right partner for you.
what is smarter dealmaking?what we do
successful transactions that deliver real value, through our smart dealmaking framework
mergers & acquisitionsyou’ve had an inbound approach – or you’ve decided it is time to sell. our smart dealmaking process is proven to deliver premium results, ensuring you get the best deal from the right buyer. private equityprivate equity can be the answer to a variety of situations. you'd like some cash, but all your wealth is tied up in the business. other shareholders are agitating to sell but you'd like to grow the business further. you'd like some cash to grow by acquisition. a private equity transaction could be the answer. firstcapital will help you find the right partner to take your business to the next level.growth capitalyour business is growing well but with more money to invest, you could significantly accelerate your growth. whether you’re expanding into new markets or developing new products, it takes funding to scale a business. at firstcapital, we find the right investors to help you reach your potential.strategic advicea successful transaction is a process, not an event – often the result of several years of strategically executing on a plan. you might need to decide on making a strategic acquisition, developing key relationships or where to focus your growth. we can help you define where the most value lies and set you on the path to achieving your strategic goals.services & sectorswhat is smarter dealmaking?
a deal is not just a deal. every client’s needs and circumstances are unique. our proven smart dealmaking framework aligns everyone around clear objectives and delivers optimal outcomes. we think differently and work smarter to deliver win-win deals.
sstrategic insightmmarketingaaccessrrigorous negotiationttransaction close"firstcapital stood out from all the others by demonstrating their understanding of buyers’ needs and focusing on how they would position our company for the best possible outcome, whereas some advisors gave the impression that we were simply one of a conveyor belt of businesses up for sale."
julian harris, founder, smart421"firstcapital had the commitment and tenacity to manage a broadly based, international sale process for multimap, dealing with the world’s top players in it. they were thoroughly professional, adding value throughout a complex process, and on hand for support whenever we needed them. we are delighted with the result."
sean phelan, ceo, multimap"the quantity and quality of the offers were outstanding and confirmed our early impressions that firstcapital had superior access to and understanding of strategic buyers."
chris harvey, ceo, salmon"firstcapital managed to get the best deal for everyone because they were highly tenacious in pursuing all of the angles."
anne somers, ceo, atgmedia"i want to sell a business, the buyer i’ve entered into exclusivity with wants to buy it. so from there on in, it’s about managing the transaction. firstcapital were very good at managing both sides of that process, they always looked after us as the client, but they also looked after the transaction and working towards the end result."
paul davidson, partner, west coast capitalour approachrecent dealsfirstcapital advises on sale of parkopedia to easyparkmergers & acquisitions / softwarefirstcapital advises clickworker on its acquisition by ai training data provider lxtgrowth capital, private equity / softwarefirstcapital advises deskpro on $25m series a funding by us-based elsewhere partnersmergers & acquisitions / softwarefirstcapital advises classforkids on its acquisition by the access groupgrowth capital, strategic advice / softwarefirstcapital advises cybersecurity company, sentrybaymergers & acquisitions / softwarefirstcapital advises on sale of legerity to insightsoftwareview allsmarter thinkingpress releasesfirstcapital advises parkopedia on easypark group acquisitionfirstcapital is pleased to announce that it has successfully acted as advisor to parkopedia on its acquisition by easypark group. easypark group, a leading provider of digital parking and mobility solutions, has completed its strategic...press releasesfirstcapital advises on sale of crowdsourced ai data provider clickworker to lxtpress release 15 january 2025 london, england. firstcapital is pleased to announce that it has advised clickworker on its acquisition by lxt. founded in 2005 and headquartered in essen, germany, clickworker is an innovator in...case studiesdeskpro + elsewhere partners | case studychris said “this deal would not have happened without firstcapital. it was a really good outcome and i am super-grateful for that. jason was brilliant in the negotiations. he knew when to negotiate and what...press releasesfirstcapital advises deskpro on $25m series a funding by us based- elsewhere partnersfirstcapital is pleased to announce that it has advised deskpro, a leader in helpdesk software, on a $25m series a funding by elsewhere partners, a growth equity firm based in austin, texas. deskpro’s mission is...thought leadership“the ceo letters – hazel moore”our chair and co-founder hazel moore was recently interviewed by estrella ventures as part of their ceo series. this is a series of letters from founders and ceos including brent hoberman, justine roberts and other...thought leadershipcybersecurity tech resilient despite slowdown in marketby sheana o’sullivan with the slowdown in fundraising and m&a in cybersecurity, i was curious to look into the space as the global concern over cybersecurity has never been higher. f5 ceo françois locoh-donou calls cybersecurity...view allthinking about a transaction?
smarter deals don’t just happen.
call us on +44 208 563 1563 or follow the link below to email us.
let’s talk



newsletter signup


email address *



first name *



last name *



phone number



company 















linkedintwitteryoutube+44 208 563 1563info@firstcapital.co.ukterms of use
accessibility
privacy policy
first capital corporation limited. registered office: 5th floor, 52 cornhill, london ec3v 3pd.
registered in england and wales with company number 3881209 and vat number 756 2917 04. 
authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority, frn 192132© 2025 firstcapital






