

untitled document












bloglet: a little baby weblog. 
        i wrote the software for it myself, to learn perl... now i can't stop.



sixty unrelated words: 
        once, it was my .plan file. now, it is a web page. it is exactly what 
        it says it is.



page of moss: 
        this is the original version of my page, as it existed happily at st. 
        john's for quite some time. includes slightly older versions of almost 
        everything here.




elbow with teeth: i came across 
          a blank page i'd created, with the title 'elbow with teeth.' i couldn't 
          remember what it was supposed to be for, so i did this with it.




spiffy but content free: 
        despite its unfortunate demise last year, the archives will demonstrate 
        that it's still the hippest, smartest webzine around.



what little software i've 
        done: i'm actually working on making the name of this section marginally 
        less appropriate... but for now, i'm afraid it still fits.



dates: there's almost always somethingto 
        celebrate--this just tells you what. if you happen to share my 
        perverted sense of what's important, at least. (incomplete)



twenty-two dollars: 
        it's a sort of collection of sentences. i'm not sure what to make of it, 
        but i think i like it.



seminar books online: 
        a service to st. john's students: sources for online texts of (almost) 
        every book on the program. (incomplete. and ugly.)



six pictures: a brief 
        encounter with a quickcam. warning: contains marmite.



my hotlist: if this isn't obvious 
        from the title, i don't know what is. i'm still a bit ashamed to have 
        put it online, but what can i say? some web pages just deserve to be linked 
        to.



reds: a small, simple, demonstration 
        i assembled to settle an argument some freshmen were having about whether 
        there could be degrees of redness. hint: there can.



the funnies: a cgi script that harvests a whole bunch of 
        comic strips from the internet and puts them on one page. if it's possible 
        to violate copyright by linking, this does it. (temporarily offline--updating 
        script) 



hobbes's comparison of the 
        catholic church with the kingdom of fairies: one of the best examples 
        philosophy has to offer of so-bad-it's-good. brilliantly funny, but very, 
        very, wrong.



poems for senior language: 
        online sources for a number of poems we read in my language class at st. 
        john's senior year. no longer useful--still beautiful.



items: it's like an online 
        diary written by someone who thinks when other people feel.



the shakespeare drinking game: well, somebody had 
        to do it. (coming soon)



the list of things: a collection with a self-referential 
        defining characteristic. (coming soon)



 


