





home
















































































contact us
join mav
login






 login

username


password


login



forgot your username or password?


not a member?
read more about the member benefits of mav and find out how to join mav or renew your membership.












 



























journals
 





resources for parents





in-school consulting





student activities





primary resources





victorian challenge & enrichment series







upcoming events
all events






















 feb 24 
    

unpacking sacs - webinar - general maths 
monday 24th february 2025
this general maths sac webinar offers guidance for how to write and assess vcaa approved sacs.
including 2025 mav produced sac starting points, access to webinar recording and presenter slides. 






 feb 25 
    

unpacking sacs - webinar - maths methods 
tuesday 25th february 2025
this maths methods sac webinar offers guidance for how to write and assess vcaa approved sacs.
including 2025 mav produced sac starting points, access to webinar recording and presenter slides. 






 feb 26 
    

analysing pseudocode pt 2 (vce) 
wednesday 26th february 2025
learn the skills, knowledge and best practices to confidently and successfully teach pseudocode in vce mathematics.






 feb 26 
    

unpacking sacs - webinar - foundation maths 
wednesday 26th february 2025
this foundation maths sac webinar offers guidance for how to write and assess vcaa approved sacs.
including 2025 mav produced sac starting points, access to webinar recording and presenter slides. 






















valuing mathematics in society
mav provides a voice, leadership and professional support for mathematics education.
find out more about mav discover member benefits









subscribe to our newsletter





subscribe




read the most recent matrix newsletter









latest resources
all resources 



mathematics in careers
mathematics investigations for year 10 to 12 students, developed in collaboration with various industry partners, to showcase how maths is applied in real industry scenarios to solve problems. the investigations demonstrate the types of thinking and skills that industry require, while applying mathematics that is relevant to the curriculum and real world contexts to bring learning to life.





2022 primary mathematics education conference
access a variety of 2022 primary conference keynote recordings and presenter resources.





town squared game
mav has partnered with local educational game developers, playlunch games, and leading researchers, to develop a game-based platform that targets the antecedents that lead to the occurrence of maths anxiety.





mav news
all mav news 
   					no news available at this time.
                 







feature publications



the common denominator 1/23





mav's quarterly magazine for mathematics educators provides information and articles about the mav and its activities, and maths education in general.







download now 



the mav annual report





as covid impacts continued to affect schools and mav’s ability to deliver its program and services, mav continued to be creative in finding the best opportunities to add value for maths educators and members.







download now 









annual sponsors


















mav provides a voice, leadership and professional support for mathematical education. be a part of it.




not a member?

about mav
mav membership
maths active schools





get in touch

 61 blyth street brunswick, victoria 3056
 613 9380 2399
 office@mav.vic.edu.au















disclaimer|
sitemap|
copyright and privacy policy

© 2020 the mathematical association of victoria












 
