






woodford humane society – find a friend with us












































































 






adopt

meet our pets
why adopt from whs
before you adopt
adopting by appointment
the adoption process
care and training
surrender a pet


help out

become a volunteer
give while you shop
our wish list


store
donate

donate now
donate monthly
planned giving
donate your vehicle
about our funds


events

kenpuppy derby
summer gala
triple crown trot 5k
canine olympics
event photo albums
calendar of events


about us

who we are
our team
visit us
community partners
faqs
contact us


donate now
 














 





adoption center open by appointment 

please read before calling  







 

you sign up, 

kroger does the giving! 

enroll & select woodford humane: 

get started 







pet homelessness is at crisis levels 

understanding why - and how to help 

learn more 



 













join our email list:     


leave this field empty if you're human: 







weather closure information
check here for information on any closures or hours adjustments due to inclement weather.


adoption center open by appointment
due to ongoing staffing challenges, the adoption center is currently open by appointment. check out our adoptable pets here and give us a call if you see somebody you’d like to meet or know more about! thanks in advance for your understanding. appointments are not required to volunteer or drop off donations.
appointments are booked by phone starting at 10:00 am daily. call 859.873.5491 to schedule! but first…read this.






starting 3/1: register early, save big!
the triple crown trot 5k is back at ashford stud on august 23, and early birds save up to $25 off full price! walk or run our gorgeous chip-timed course entirely inside world-famous ashford stud, home of triple crown champions american pharoah and justify. think rolling hills, stately trees, and yearlings running in the paddocks alongside you…it just doesn’t get any better!
learn more


we need things! can you help?
taking care of this many pets requires a lot of stuff! our wish list includes the things we use all the time and always need. item donations can be dropped off contact-free in the bins in front of our receiving center between 12:00 and 5 pm daily – or, if you would like a receipt or need help unloading, just give us a call at 859.873.5491 when you arrive!
current top 5 most needed items: kroger gift cards, pine pellet non-clumping cat litter (or pine pellet horse bedding), paper towels, hand sanitizer, hard dog chews
our wish list






why shelters are in crisis
…and what you can do to help. shelters across the country are facing an unprecedented overcrowding crisis driven by increased owner surrenders and record-low adoptions. in many ways, 2023 was our worst year since recordkeeping began in 2002. learn more about how woodford humane is being impacted, and how you can help.


give for free with kroger community rewards
shop at kroger? take a moment and register for the kroger community rewards program. you set it and forget it; kroger does the giving! once you’ve selected woodford humane society as your charity of choice, kroger will automatically donate quarterly at no expense to you. sign up online or call 800-krogers to register: search for woodford humane society by name, or use organization code yj308.






 
  


 
 
      
phone: 859-873-5491fax: 859-873-0301
 
woodford humane society © 2022 all rights reserved
  

    
 
 















































 
























