








home | the department of anesthesiology
























skip to main content





 








 

 





ways to give


 
 










 





home
directory
careers
news
log in
 









 




 
college of medicine apply now


 
 







homeaboutmission statementfacultyaffiliate facultystaffemeritusfacilitiesfaculty applicationsnewsways to givefaculty mentoring planjob openingseducationresidency programresidency alumnicritical care fellowshippain fellowshipmedical studentssimulation-based educationresident teaching resourceservice typesacute pain servicecardiovascularchronic pain managementcritical care medicine divisionobstetricspediatricssimulation trainingresearchareas of researchclinical trialspublications 

 













 







 

story slide 4 - class of 2024
department of anesthesiology residency graduation - class of 2024

 

 







 

story slide 3
the department of anesthesiology's faculty include generalists and specialists in pediatric and cardiac anesthesiology, and critical care.

 

 







 

story slide 2
the department of anesthesiology treats patients through its chronic pain management clinic at banner - university medical center south.

 


 




please welcome our new faculty
ricardo ayala, md
dr. ricardo ayala is a southeastern arizona native who grew up along the border town communities of douglas/agua prieta. he obtained a bachelor's degree in finance from the university of arizona and established a career as a mortgage broker prior to pursuing a career in medicine. his passion to serve others and his interest in physiology and pharmacology led him to pursue training in anesthesiology. after completing his medical education at the university of arizona-tucson he completed his anesthesiology residency at henry ford hospital in detroit, michigan. ricardo is eager to return to the desert southwest to provide quality anesthesia care. his interest includes medical education, promotion of under-represented minorities in the health sciences and mentorship to undergraduate students. outside of clinical duties ricardo enjoys spending time with his wife shendell, his young daughters (shayra & sasha) and son (sebastian). ricardo is excited to return to sunny skies and enjoy all the outdoor activities beautiful tucson has to offer.


 





mission statement
the university of arizona college of medicine – tucson department of anesthesiology is a diverse team of clinicians, educators and researchers dedicated to advancing medicine through innovative patient care, rigorous training and cutting-edge research, while exemplifying integrity, curiosity, inclusion, adaptability, determination and compassion in delivering high-quality, academic anesthesia care to tucson and beyond.


 
 







home










 

 
 









residency applicants



faculty applicants



webmail









recent news




  
 should cannabis still be a schedule i drug? 
 the drug enforcement agency received a recommendation to reclassify cannabis as a schedule iii drug, a move that would be a boon to research and patient care. 
 read  

  
 study shows millions of people live with co-occuring chronic pain and mental health symptoms 
 a new study found that the combination of chronic pain and anxiety or depression affects more than 12 million adults in the u.s. 
 read  

  
 researchers hope to help women with endometriosis pain 
 comprehensive pain and addiction center researchers are examining the link between prolactin and endometriosis, a painful condition that affects women.  
 read  



    more news  

 

 
 









contact anesthesiology





department of anesthesiology
	1501 n. campbell ave., room 4401
	p.o. box 245114
	tucson, az 85724
	phone: 520-626-7221 |   fax: 520-626-6943  |    admin login


 





  





college of medicine
the university of arizona is an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer.
web development by uahs biocom


 





university privacy statement
	© 2021 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  

