





upper dauphin area school district – “our mission is to empower our students to be lifelong learners in order to reach their greatest potential.”


































skip to content










					upper dauphin area school district
				


				“our mission is to empower our students to be lifelong learners in order to reach their greatest potential.”
			
 





main menu




home
academicsmenu toggle

assessments and graduation requirements
courses and selection
cte programs
discovery program
student wellness
alternative education for disruptive youth (aedy)


communitymenu toggle

calendars
district information
esser grant
hacc certificate of residency
tax information
trojan broadcast network
trojan educational foundation
volunteers


leadershipmenu toggle

school board and policies
district administration
comprehensive plan


schoolsmenu toggle

uda elementary school
uda middle school
uda high school
trojan virtual academy


support servicesmenu toggle

athletics
buildings and grounds
business office
cafeteria
employment
health services
parents
prek counts program
psychological services
safety and security
special education
student assistance program
student services
student registration
substitute
technology
title ix
transportation


staff resources
contact us




search




search for:



 

 

 
 






















25-26 kindergarten registration is open! 
we are thrilled to welcome the next generation of uda trojans! families can begin the registration process today!
🌟 how to register:
✅ create a registration account
✅ submit the online paperwork
✅ call 717-632-6619 to schedule your screening appointment
we’re excited for this journey to begin and can’t wait to welcome our future trojans to the uda family!


register now!
 













high school courses 
uda 2025-2026 program of studies is now available! check out all the course offerings for the next school year!


program of studies
 













dodgeball tournament 
join us march 7th for our annual udahs student council dodgeball tournament! divisions for all ages and concessions and raffles available all night!


learn more
 













24-25 student registration! 
uda transfer student registration for the 2024-2025 school year is open! complete online forms and call to schedule an appointment.


register now
 













careers at uda 
join the uda team! become a key player in shaping the future of our students. join full-time, part-time, or join as a substitute!


open positions
 













uda parent page 
visit our uda parents page for links to the sapphire community portal, canvas information, cafeteria information, volunteer paperwork and more.


parent links
 













uda athletics 
home of the uda trojans! sign up for sports, check out the schedules, contact coaches, and more.


uda athletics
 



































the upper dauphin area school district board of school directors declares it to be the policy of this district to provide an equal opportunity for all students to achieve their maximum potential through the programs and activities offered in the schools without discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, ancestry, national origin, marital status, pregnancy or handicap/disability.  the upper dauphin area school district does not discriminate in any manner, including title ix sexual harassment, in any school program or activity. the school district has established title ix personnel to promptly respond to concerns and reports of sexual harassment and assault. all investigations into reports of sexual harassment and assault will be impartial, free of bias and conflicts, and will not prejudge the facts for either side. the school district strives to maintain an environment where all students, staff, and greater community feel safe. title ix training was completed using the resources accessed through the link below.  for inquiries about title ix, please contact amie savidge, title ix coordinator at (717) 362-8134 or savidgea@udasd.org.  for inquiries about section 504, please contact heather haupt, director of special education & student services at (717) 362-6573 or haupth@udasd.org.







 







calendars
contact us
employment
parent and student portal
nondiscrimination policy
title ix
 

						copyright © 2025 upper dauphin area school district 






 



















 


