












marazul tours - travel agency to cuba since 1979


































































 































 contact us
welcome
our story
travel with us
respect
partner with us
faq
news
blog
conferences/festivals
social
 



 contact us













welcome to
marazul tours
cuba since 1979



get started









marazul
celebrates 40 years in
cuba travel!



contact us










 create your own program or
join an existing program to cuba



contact our specialists today!









need visa or passport?
we offer consular services processed directly with the cuban embassy located in washington d.c



contact us now









book your flight to cuba from anywhere in the us!
with marazul tours



book now









happy 500th anniversary havana !



learn more













who we are















marazul, as the oldest and largest continuously operating travel agency to cuba, has been committed since 1979 to providing a bridge of understanding between the people of both countries by offering the entire range of travel services including air and visa arrangements, family reunification assistance, and the most specialized group programs in all areas of interest. through our deep ties with our cuban partners, educational institutions, ministries, mass organizations, and cultural and religious centers, we encourage and guarantee the highest levels of exchange between our two peoples. marazul practices and promotes ethically and socially responsible travel to cuba.

view more






























we’ve got you covered
marazul has led the industry in pursuit of the freedom of americans to travel & the right of cuban-americans to reconnect with their families. as the leading cuba travel provider, we have provided excellent service for clients & groups for almost 40 years. travel to cuba remains legal, and it has always been one of the safest destinations for us travelers in the world.
join our theme specific programs and take an in-depth look at cuba; learn about its unique educational system, world leading healthcare, renowned disaster relief efforts, african roots, unique cuisine and its famous music and dance. explore its magical beaches and cayos, or take a trip to the mountains to enjoy enchanting waterfalls, cocoa farms, tobacco farms, and more! want to visit colonial cities and unesco world heritage sites? it’s never been a better time to travel to cuba–we’ve got you covered!






news











16 may 2019 

cuban ambassador reacts to trump’s embargo threat


















25 apr 2019 

“we condemn these newest attacks on cuba and on the freedom to travel of the american people,” said the leaders of marazul tours, the veteran cuba travel company, who noted that bolton’s threat to “restrict” non-cuban-american travel remained vague.











19 apr 2019 

respect statement on new trump cuba policy


national security advisor john bolton’s statement on new policy guidelines for cuba…









18 apr 2019 

marazul tours statement on the cuba policy announcement april 2019


    yesterday, the trump administration announced increased hostilities towards cuba, including…









01 apr 2019 

havana @500: art and literature


to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the foundation of the city of…









01 apr 2019 

the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall busy in cuba for historic tour











29 mar 2019 

google, cuba agrees to work towards improving island’s connectivity













partner with us






























































































1welcome
our story
travel with us
respect
partner with us
faq
news
blog
conferences/festivals
social
 

2


 





contact us 1 marine plaza, suite 302
north bergen, nj 07047
tel. 201-319-1054
fax: 201-319-8970



stay connected enter your email to receive exclusive deals straight to your inbox.





website designed and maintained by maxburst

privacy policy
                                 | 
                                terms of use
                                 | 
                                categories of travel




















