ï»¿



horse stalls | factory direct sales - nationwide shipping, stall kits on sale and modular construction.








































home


modular horse stalls


horse stall kits


dutch doors


stall door guards


feed & water


stall accessories


tractor & atv equip.


about us


contact us


customer photo gallery





  


toll free: 800-335-1880 or 740-694-9926 office hours monday-friday 7:00 am - 5:00 pm est.


factory direct horse stalls made in the usa! contact us to help you select the horse stalls to fit your individual needs.


click here for your  free monthly newsletter


buy your horse stalls direct from the factory and save! we have over 44 years of experience manufacturing quality horse stalls, both modular prefabricated stall fronts, side / back walls and horse stall kits.





black enamel coated steel horse stall kits are the most economical way to build your horse stalls. these kits require support posts to be installed before building. you can order stall grills, doors, feeders and other accessories to match your needs or purchase a complete kit according to the size you require.


starting at $677.00!!! click here


for more information how to build, visit our horse stall building guide for support post construction stalls.





galvanized steel horse stall kits are an excellent choice for humid barn conditions. these hot dipped zinc-coated components do require support posts to be installed before building. you can order individual grills, doors, feeders and other accessories to match your needs or purchase a complete stall kit according to the size you require.


currently on sale!


for more information how to build, visit our horse stall building guide for support post construction stalls.








modular horse stalls are the easiest to install and the pre-fabricated fronts and walls simply lock together. these do not require support posts to be installed before building your horse stalls. we can manufacture virtually any size you need using these modular panels and they can be easily moved as your needs change. excellent for pole barns. our painted steel modular fronts and walls come in 2 color choices.


starting at $1189.00!!! click here


for more information how to build, visit our horse stall building guide for modular stalls. 



miniature modular horse stalls miniature horse owners have been asking us for a superior mini-stall for the small horses, and here it is! our modular construction allows you to build your stalls to virtually any configuration you need! our modular panel construction allows you to build a complete 4' x 8' mini horse stall in less than 30 minutes! all connectors are supplied with your stall at no extra charge. simply order the number of panels and swing gate frames you need. no support posts needed! all steel components are enamel coated black. 


starting at $1045.00!!! click here





 out of 5 stars merchant rating



website design and marketing by wadsaa, inc.


please feel free to e-mail the webmaster. 


â© 1995 - 2025 cmi - all rights reserved



american made horse stalls and equipment


huge savings on feeders, waterers & tack room accessories if ordered with horse stalls!
call 800-335-1880 for more information on this discount offer!











click here to return to the top of the page



manufacturing quality horse stalls and horse equipment for over 40 years!

galvanized stall kits sale special!


new! modular goat and sheep pens if you are raising goats or sheep you know the value of a quality pen. goats have a reputation of being master escape artists in the domestic animal world! if your child is involved in 4-h, a well built pen is a much needed item. our goat or sheep pen is a modular design that allows you to add and remove panels as your space requirements change. questions? call us at 740-694-9926 and we will be happy to assist you. panel connectors and hardware are included! the door frame is made of 1'' square tube 16ga and the panels are 3/4'' square tube 16ga. the bars are 5/16 round steel measuring 3 inches on center. each panel is 42''h x 36''w. simple bolt together design.  


starting at $299.00!!! click here








