

wvago // consumer rights and protection - online casino related







consumer rights and protection
a site for educational purposes






"consumer protection  laws are designed to ensure fair competition and the free flow of truthful information in the marketplace. the laws are designed to prevent businesses that engage in fraud or specified unfair practices from gaining an advantage over competitors and may provide additional protection for the weak and those unable to take care of themselves."  source: wikipedia




dear visitors 
welcome to our website dedicated to legal issues and consumer protection!
a top priority of our site is providing people with the 
information and skills needed to steer clear of consumer fraud and 
abuse. consumer education is the means to this end. 
this website is 
dedicated to  education on consumerism. from our frequently asked questions, to
 our consumer news forum, this website will contain a vast amount of 
information that clients/buyers/customers can use in order to protect themselves. 
"a consumer who learns how to protect himself is less 
likely to be harmed; a business that learns where the law draws it's 
lines is less likely to transgress them. thus, education is the linchpin
 of preventing consumer fraud and abuse in the first place, with a happy
 dividend of reducing demand for mediation and litigation." 
 we want to thank you for 
visiting our website and hope that you find it both educational and 
informative.
 read our article on online gambling  - a focus on online casinos respecting consumer right protection. livecasinodirect is a leading gaming guide for both us and international players. 






general links 
important bodies 
basic help 


casino slots for free on liveslotsdirect 
 consumer complaint assistant, federal trade commission  
 


problem gambling 
consumer complaint form
know your rights 


gambling law in the us 
 consumer protection information (u.s.)  
save money with economiser 


ecogra
consumers international
scam alerts 


better business bureau 
 health-eu portal  consumer safety in the eu 
hoax slayer 


uigea & protected gamblers? 
 penn program on regulation's import safety page  
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


2010 // wvago.us // legal issues || home || faq || contact || disclaimer || links 

