



olean city school district / home page



















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

olean high school
olean intermediate middle school
east view elementary school
washington west elementary school






sign in
register


search our site















translate





user options






search

submit search














                                olean city school district
                            

                                it takes all the huskies to pull the sled!
                            








home


academics
"



curriculum and testing
accountability
speech



administration
"



superintendent
assistant superintendent
business administrator
school board
medicaid compliance officer



community schools
"



olean community schools
liberty partnerships program
summer programs
pre-kindergarten
family engagement
mtss
farm to school



human resources
"



human resources



resources
"
alumni association
capital project updates
code of conduct
district enrollment report
district policy manual
district safety
facilities use form
general information
historical info
homework philosophy
newsletters
notice of non-descrimination
olean city school district profile
parent portal
quick calendar
reopening plans school year 2021-2022
request for distribution of materials
site shortcuts
strategic planning
guidance plan
district information
olean city school district foundation
teacher/staff recognition nomination





pupil services
"



special education
autism spectrum disorders
health services
food services
transportation



ocsd foundation
"



olean schools foundation
grants
wall of honor
projects



school reopening
"



school year 2020-2021
school year 2019-2020



technology/data privacy
"



technology
data privacy and security



parent square
"



parent square welcome



registration
"
registration information






















































headlines - click the arrows to the right to see all announcements











employee recognition awards



comments (-1)












district-wide school safety plan



comments (-1)












board of education minutes and agendas

the minutes and agendas of all meetings of the olean board of education can be found at board docs.  click on the link above, then click on enter public site and then click on the meeting in the list on the right.

comments (-1)












inspection and/or request of records

district records are available for inspection at no cost to the public.  click on title for more information.

comments (-1)












new york state office of children and family services/oficina de servicios para niños y familias del estado de nueva york

to report child abuse please call the new york state office of children and family services at 1-800-342-3720 or go to new york state office of children and family services website.  para reportar abuso infantil por favor llame a la oficina de servicios para niños y familias del estado de nueva york al 1-800-342-3720 o vaya a la oficina de servicios para niños y familias del estado de nueva york.   

comments (-1)












text - a - tip

help ocsd stay safe & remain anonymous!  text your tip to: (716) 490-0516.  some reasons to text a tip:  criminal activity, school safety concern, alcohol or drug information, suspicious activity, friends in trouble or being bullied.  all tips received will remain untraced and anonymous.

comments (-1)













































upcoming events





monday

no school - split recess





tuesday

no school - split recess





wednesday

no school - split recess





thursday

no school - split recess





friday

no school - split recess




view calendar













mission and vision






ocsd school board vision, mission, goal categories, statements, and objectives
 
vision statement: 
•the olean city school district will support excellence by holding everyone to high standards in academics, character, extracurriculars, and service.
•our district will uphold a culture of acceptance, inclusion, and equity for all, while embracing the diversity of our community. we will create and foster a safe and positive climate for our students, staff, and families that is adaptive for the ever-changing needs of society.
•our students will graduate future-focused, engaged, resilient, and prepared to achieve their goals.  
•our staff will be learner-centered, innovative, inquisitive, professional, and committed to student success.
•our families will be engaged, collaborative partners in academic success for all.
 
mission statement:
the olean city school district is a student‑centered community of excellence in which all members are challenged to learn, achieve, contribute, and innovate.
 
2023-24 goal categories and statements with priorities
 
student achievement: the olean city school district will provide opportunities to support the achievement of all students as they increase their capacity for learning and progress toward excellence. 

offer academically rigorous courses and/or pathways
increase graduation rate and increase regents with advanced designation and/or honors and/or credentials/seals.
improve student proficiency in new york learning standards

 
personnel: the olean city school district will support the recruitment, training, and retention of a highly qualified and diverse staff.

recruit highly qualified staff
develop and support high-performing staff
retain highly effective staff

 
financial responsibility: the olean city school district will be a faithful steward of the community’s financial commitment to the students and will be responsible for managing all resources. 

ensure excellent financial management
ensure efficient use of resources

 
safe and supportive learning environment: the olean city school district will provide a safe and supportive learning environment that is inclusive, nurturing, and responsive to the socio-emotional and mental health needs of all students and staff.

provide support for social and emotional learning for all
create and maintain a safe, orderly, positive learning environment for all that promotes attendance
establish and maintain clear and high expectations for excellence for all stakeholders
cultivate culturally responsive learning environments for all

 
community, communication, and transparency: the olean city school district will foster trust and engagement through open two-way communication, outreach, and responsiveness to all internal and external stakeholders.

increase the effectiveness of stakeholder engagement experiences
improve opportunities for innovative stakeholder collaboration
improve and ensure effective district internal and external communication

 





















newsletter



if you are having trouble viewing the document, you may  download the document.















dignity for all students act






olean city school district is committed to providing a safe, supportive environment, free from harassment, bullying, and discrimination for all its students. the district encourages the involvement of staff, students, parents, and community members in the implementation and reinforcement of the dignity for all students act ("dasa").
 
if you believe you, or someone else, has been the target of harassment, bullying, cyber-bullying, and/or discrimination, please use this form to report all allegations.  
 
school/district personnel witnessing an incident or receiving a report of an incident must complete and submit this written report within two (2) school days.  note: school/district personnel must also orally notify the principal, superintendent or their designee no later than one school day after witnessing or receiving a report of an incident.
 
all complaints will be treated in a confidential manner.  anonymous reports may limit the district's ability to respond to a complaint.  a prompt and thorough investigation will be conducted for all incident reports.
 
if you wish to report an incident or a series of incidents , please complete this form, by clicking on this text, to submit it to the appropriate dasa coordinator.  otherwise, you may report this to the dignity act coordinator in your building as soon as possible so the district can investigate and take the appropriate steps to resolve the incident.  high school: mr. andreano, mr. austin, oims: mrs. dicerbo, mr. dimartino, east view: mr. chartier, and washington west: ms. stuff.

























contact us!






olean city school district office410 west sullivan streetolean, ny 14760716-375-8000
superintendent: dr. genelle morrisrecords access officer (foil): jackie reed




























visit us
district office410 west sullivan street
olean, ny 14760

view map



get in touch
phone: 716-375-8000
fax: 716-375-8047





important links


site map




stay connected








olean city school district is committed to ensuring accessibility of its website for people with disabilities. we strive for compliance to the web content accessibility guidelines and will promptly correct any reported problems. please report issues to the district. olean city school district does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, creed, religion, marital status, sex, age or disability, or any other classification protected by law. links on the website are provided for your information and convenience. by clicking on a link, you may be leaving our website. while we make every effort to evaluate all the sites to which we link, we cannot endorse nor be responsible for the content provided on these sites.



















questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















