
















	magifest magic convention - columbus, ohio - vanishing inc. magic shop
















free worldwide shipping. no minimums.
4.9 **** google reviews
the very best 24/7 customer service.
300+ hours new: stream all masterclass lectures for $1
new all vi books are now available as ebooks!


 contact


🇺🇸 usd 
                        
                        

change country / currency

























magic
playing cards
wonders
stores





 login

sign up




                                                0
                                            




                                            check out
                                        













new magic tricks




magic books




mentalism




magic downloads






card magic downloads
                                                        over 1,000 of the best card magic sleights and routines.
                                                    

coin magic downloads
                                                        learn from the very best coin magicians.
                                                    

new: magic ebooks
                                                        thousands of magic ebooks from classic magic texts to the latest releases.
                                                    

vanishing inc. masterclass
                                                        learn from the best magic instructors every month.
                                                    

 view all magic downloads




new: tsunami by bob farmer









browse magic





by performance style
card magic tricks
close-up magic tricks
mentalism
parlor & stage magic
money magic
magic for kids entertainers
magic for virtual shows




props & accessories
playing cards
coin gimmicks
magic apps
rubik's cube tricks
vanishing inc. brand store
view all props




browse by product type
produced by vi
magic books
ebooks
magic dvds
magic magazines
magic theory
magic history
gift cards




new to magic?
easy magic tricks
easy card magic
easy mentalism
easy close-up magic







masterclass




conventions




the session, london:





magifest, ohio:





the retreat, 2025:







 view all vanishing inc. magic conventions






blog








newest playing cards




vanishing inc. decks




playing card storage




cardistry decks




card clips








magic art




puzzles & brain teasers




mindful play




clothing




home & living




productivity




tabletop magic




children's books






















performers
hotel
workshops
dealers
schedule
youth



register



magifest 2025
23 - 25 january 2025
columbus, ohio, usa

register now ($350)








magifest 2025
seeing the best performers in the world will inspire you, and drive you to take your own magic to the next level.
learning brand new tricks, moves, and methods will motivate you to try new things.
meeting—and hanging out with—your magical heroes and 1,000 like-minded individuals is an experience you’ll never forget.
this is why we run magifest. to inspire and motivate us all. and this is why you need to come.



who better to give you inspiration than the incredible lineup of performers we’ve put together for 2025, which we'll announce soon.
this year, take note of our two new initiatives: vip tickets and basecamp for newcomers.

register now ($350)
day tickets also available












2025 performers & speakers

                        we'll be announcing he full lineup of performers and speakers soon. here's a sneak peek at who you can expect to see at magifest 2025.
                    





david ben

                            our guest of honour this year is none other than david ben. we admire his philanthropic work with the charity he founded, magicana, which helps disadvantaged children and isolated seniors. as a historian, david has written the definitive biography on dai vernon and conducted research critical to the history of magic. as a performer, david has an illustrious career of award-winning, genre-bending shows. he was most recently awarded the order of canada, canada’s highest civilian honour. we are truly thrilled to welcome david ben to our stage.
                        







justin willman

                            he’s the star of magic for humans and the magic prank show on netflix, and the most famous and best touring magician in the us. we’re doing something unique this year. mr. willman will take over our gala show to perform his full evening show. he has performed his full show at the kennedy center, the white house, and every illustrious venue in the united states. now he brings this show to our stage.
                        







axel hecklau

                            berlin’s axel hecklau is one of the most creative minds in magic. he’s lectured hundreds of times in over 20 countries and now he’s bringing his unique style and approach to magifest. axel is known for his ingenuity, and when he tackles a trick, he does so in a definitive, best-in-class kind of way. when you see him work, you’ll understand just what we’re talking about.
                        







javi benitez

                            spain’s javi benitez is a world-renowned magician, loved for both his stunning sleight of hand, and also his amazing character. penn & teller refer to him as “the best sleight of hand artist we’ve ever seen.” as the last student of “el maestro” ascanio, he shares the lessons he learned as a teacher at the tamariz magic school in madrid.
                        







mahdi gilbert

                            canada’s mahdi gilbert has travelled the world with his completely unique approach to magic. born without hands or feet, mahdi has created his own moves, sleights and inspirational approach to magic. he’ll be sharing that with us all. he will prove this time, as he did last time he performed on our stage, that nothing is impossible.
                        







abby segal

                            abby has been performing magic at theatres, schools, and corporate events since she was 11 years old. she’s a regular performer at the chicago magic lounge and has appeared on fool us. she’s also a creator and teacher and will be sharing some of her original ideas and approaches at magifest.
                        







leah orleans

                            trained in clowning, acrobatics, and contortion by coaches from ringling brothers and cirque du soleil, leah effortlessly blends classic technique with contemporary humour. from foot archery to unicycle riding (but rarely both together), leah is going to amaze you with her full-evening show.
                        







rick holcombe

                            underground coin maestro rick holcombe will be teaching you his unique brand of coin magic. his skill with coins is undisputed, but his approach makes this branch of our art more accessible than ever before.
                        







ricardo rosenkranz

                            ricardo has many strings to his bow. a student of eugene burger for nearly 20 years, his approach to magic is a theatrical one. a regular performer at the magic castle, and his own venue, the rhapsody theater in chicago. ricardo will perform excerpts from his full-evening show–which recently received a rave review in the chicago tribune.
                        







giancarlo scalia

                            one of our hottest releases in 2024 has been “nouva magia”, giancarlo’s first download collection with vanishing inc. his focus is on easy-to-do, practical, very fooling card magic and this is his first time appearing at magifest. if you’ve not yet seen him work, you’re in for a treat. and if you have, you’re in for even more of a treat because you know how good he is!
                        







david parr

                            david has devoted his life to sharing the experience of mystery with audiences around the world. from the magic castle to fooling penn & teller on fool us, david’s theatrical performing style entertains and amazes wherever he goes. david will perform a show and a lecture in one spectacular event.
                        







john mclaughlin

                            john mclaughlin is the former acting director of the cia, and an expert on the intersection point of espionage and deception. he is also...a magician. in this fascinating talk, mr. mclaughlin will recount the almost unbelievable stories of how magic techniques and psychology have been used in the fields of spycraft and surveillance. 
                        







david kaplan

                            columbus's own david kaplan may be a local guy, but he has traversed the world with his unique brand of magic, variety entertainment, and comedy. he has appeared on many of the greatest stages around the world, and now he's back on the magifest stage. this is our first time featuring kaplan's full show on our stage, and we couldn't be more excited. 
                        







jonathan levit

                            this multi-talented artist has excelled in both acting and magic. he starred in an episode of the x-files alongside ricky jay, and he was the host of the television series, celebrecadabra. as a performer, levit has appeared on stages all over the world, charming audiences with his unique brand of magic and humor. 

                        












2025 vip tickets - sold out

                        for the first time in magifest history, we’re offering you the chance to get vip treatment. by grabbing a vip ticket (or upgrading your current ticket to vip), you can experience magifest like never before with these amazing perks:
                    


workshop tickets included
                        you’ll be coming to our two additional workshops on the sunday after the convention. this alone has a value of $200 and is included in your vip ticket. 
                    

priority seating
                        vips don’t have to worry about wasting time standing around in lines. events will open early for vips allowing you a chance to get the best seats in the house before the room is opened up to all other guests.
                    

priority registration
                        vips will have a separate line for registration, allowing you to save time and get on with enjoying the convention.
                    

swag bag
                        when you register, you’ll also receive an exclusive vanishing inc. swag bag with merchandise and a discount coupon to use at the vanishing inc. stand. 
                    


vip registrations are now sold out. standard registrations are still available.








what happens?
in short, performances and lectures from the best magicians in the world combined with amazing informal jam sessions in the lobby and bar area. and not much sleep!
magifest is different from other conventions. we don’t schedule events to overlap, so you will be able to see every single session.
we put in breaks, so you can grab food, hang with your friends (and make new ones), and simply decompress a little to take in all the amazing magic you’ve just learned.
and because we limit attendance, it’s not so busy that you have to fight to get a seat at shows, or the bar is 20 people deep, or you can never get a seat in the lobby.
you’ll get to eat, sleep and breath magic for three, wonderful days. surrounded by like-minded magicians. you’ll reconnect with old friends, and make new friends that will last a lifetime.
magifest also boasts the largest dealers room of any magic convention in america. you’ll be able to see - and get your hands on—many brand new, unreleased books, tricks, and more. this means you’ll be ahead of the pack, and have the latest and greatest before anyone else!


who should attend?
everyone who shares our passion for magic! we have some of the best professional magicians in the world who come as attendees because they love the convention. equally, beginners and less experienced magicians come too, because they want to learn from, and be inspired by, the magicians who they get to see—and meet—at the convention.
it doesn’t matter if you’ve been into magic for your entire life or just a few months. magifest is an inclusive convention and everyone is made to feel incredibly welcome.
if you’ve never been to magifest, or any convention before, we’re organizing some new events this year to make sure you feel welcome, can make new friends, and most importantly become a better magician.
how much is it?
this is the good bit. it’s just $300 and that gives you three days full of incredible magic. you’re going to see, and learn, so much new magic that compared with anything else, magifest is the best value in magic.




            • youth scholarships
            • magifest schedule
            • get in touch






renaissance, columbus downtown

                         50 n 3rd st, columbus, oh 43215, usa 
                    

                        be sure to ask for the magifest rate when booking a room. it's currently $129 (plus taxes) per night.
                    

how to book a room








introducing magifest basecamp



                    we have all felt overwhelmed by the idea of coming to a magic convention. what if you don’t know anyone? are people friendly? who will you chat with? who will you have dinner with? what if you’re nervous or anxious?
                

                    this year, we’re proud to announce new offerings designed to help first-timers, or those who want to make more friends feel as welcome as our magifest veterans.
                

                    we’re calling it basecamp. a safe place you can return to any time you need.
                

welcome event
                    after the first session, all first-timers are invited to a breakout room where you’ll get to meet your hosts
                    josh and andi and your other friends-to-be. we’ll make sure you’re welcomed properly and get to meet each other.
                    friendships could be formed here that will last you a lifetime. we can’t wait to meet you.
                

basecamp tables
                    we know how it can feel awkward for a first-timer or magic beginner trying to join a jam session already in
                    progress. or that the idea of eating alone can feel intimidating. so, this year, we’re reserving special tables
                    in the convention area exclusively as your “basecamp”.
                

                    these tables will be marked with table tents and will often have hosts present to help people get to know each
                    other, to encourage us all to help each other with moves, or tricks, and to just generally have the best of
                    times. whether you’re working on a new trick or just want to see some cool magic, these tables will be a great
                    place for basecampers to gather.
                

special pins
                    a special pin will let everyone know you are a basecamper. beyond being an awesome collectible, this will help
                    magifest veterans better welcome basecampers and ensure you experience the very best of magifest.
                

                    magifest is undoubtedly one of the best weekends of the year for magicians and mentalists. we don’t want you to
                    miss anything. so we’re doing everything we can to make sure you feel welcomed and have an incredible
                    experience.
                







limited space available. register now!

register now ($350)









2025 workshops

			            we've invited two of the finest magicians working today to conduct intensive workshops with limited attendance. this is the closest you will ever get to a private lesson with these exceptional magicians. for your convenience, both sunday workshops are easily attended together, with a lunch break between for you to enjoy alongside new friends. 
                    

                        sign up for each workshop for $100.
                    




giancarlo scalia (11am - 1.30pm)


                        immerse yourself in the creative universe of giancarlo scalia, with this incredible hands-on session filled with new techniques, effects, and theories. giancarlo will delve deeper into the ideas introduced in his magifest lecture, offering practical exercises that will improve your body awareness and movements. these revolutionary concepts will become your secret weapon for consistently achieving maximum results with minimum effort. you’ll even be able to directly ask him any questions you have. this unmissable event is perfect for magicians of all skill levels and is guaranteed to improve your magic as a whole.
                    

register for this workshop



javi benitez (2.30pm - 5.30pm)


                    you don’t have to travel to spain to experience the world famous tamariz school of magic because, at magifest 2025, we’ll be hosting a special workshop featuring one of its most revered teachers: javi benitez. in “the end of tricks”, the penn & teller fooler and master sleight of hand artist will help you understand the transformative difference between simply performing tricks and creating unforgettable magical moments. you’ll discover how to develop immersive narrative-driven experiences that evoke emotion and leave a lasting impact, while also learning a variety of powerful routines that put the concepts into action.
                    

register for this workshop






latest magifest updates:





magifest 2023 preview: kyle purnell
vanishing inc. - thursday, december 29, 2022
category: magifest



read more 








magifest 2023 preview: paul gertner
vanishing inc. - saturday, december 3, 2022
category: magifest



read more 








magifest 2023 preview: erik tait
vanishing inc. - saturday, november 19, 2022
category: magifest



read more 



















learn magic

card magic basics
prop bets & bar tricks
learn card magic
learn sleight of hand
magic articles
easy magic tricks
magic book reviews
magic consulting



best of vanishing inc.

magic conventions
vanishing inc. masterclass
magic props
playing cards
mentalism
magician hire
we buy magic collections



about us

about vanishing inc. magic shop
contact us
vanishing inc. points
free shipping | returns policy
help us help young magicians
vanishing inc. ios app
gift cards
work for us
faqs













                        © copyright vanishing inc. magic. shop 2025. privacy policy








new magic
easy magic tricks
magic books
magic downloads

card magic downloads
coin magic downloads
magic ebooks
vanishing inc. masterclass
view all magic downloads


browse magic

performance style

card magic tricks
close-up magic tricks
mentalism
parlor & stage magic
money magic
magic for kids entertainers
magic for virtual shows


props & accessories

playing cards
coin gimmicks
magic apps
rubik's cube tricks
vanishing inc. brand store
view all props


product type

magic books
magic dvds
magic magazines
tricks for beginners
magic theory
magic history
gift cards




exclusives

exclusive books
exclusive downloads
exclusive tricks
all exclusives


our stores
masterclass
magic conventions
podcast
blog


newest decks
vanishing inc decks
playing card storage
cardistry decks
card clips


magic art
puzzles & brain teasers
mindful play
clothing
productivity
children's books
tabletop magic












