



home - idsia - supsi


















































		skip to main content
	





go to content









back to homeidsia






dalle molle institute for artificial intelligence





go to supsi.ch








go to usi.ch







en

it



























dalle molle institute for artificial intelligence







explore the institute




en

it

















search the site
search the documents





search the site














home - idsia

 



dalle molle institute for artificial intelligence usi-supsi








supsi image default


















 
 








at a glance. the institute in brief







 





the dalle molle institute for artificial intelligence is a joint institute of both the faculty of informatics of the università della svizzera italiana (usi) and the department of innovative technologies of the university of applied sciences and arts of southern switzerland (supsi). 

the institute, which is internationally recognised as one of the pioneering centres in ai studies, carries out basic and applied research in the field of artificial intelligence with important spin-offs for both industry and the economy, in cooperation with industry and institutions.





 








scientific areas






 





director: prof. phd andrea emilio rizzoli












 









supsi icon















machine learning
 
covers recurrent neural networks, biological signal analysis systems, machine learning algorithms for time series data, causal analysis and knowledge engineering.

area leaders: cesare alippi (usi) and marco zaffalon (supsi)






 









supsi icon















intelligent control for systems and networks
deals with applications in the field of industrial processes (industry 4.0) and innovative energy systems (smart grids).

area leaders: cesare alippi (usi), andrea danani (supsi), dario piga (supsi), matteo salani (supsi)






 









supsi icon















natural language processing and information retrieval
focuses on advanced information retrieval techniques, natural language processing (nlp) and the application of nlp techniques to practical problems.

area leaders: fabio crestani (usi), fabio rinaldi (supsi)






 









supsi icon















computational geometry and computer vision
deals with the processing and analysis of visual and geometric information through the combination of computer science and mathematical modelling.

area leaders: piotr didyk (usi), alessandro giusti (supsi), kai hormann (usi), evanthia papadopoulou (usi)






 









supsi icon















autonomous robotics
studies human-robot interaction and the management of swarms of robots (including drones) using methods ranging from architectures inspired by insect behaviour to control devices derived from machine learning and other techniques based on evolutionary robotics.

area leaders: luca maria gambardella (usi), alessandro giusti (supsi)






 









supsi icon















theory and algorithms
studies problems at the heart of computer science with a rigorous, mathematically-based theoretical approach to investigate theoretical knowledge of computation.​​​​​​

area leaders: fabrizio grandoni (supsi), palmo monaldo mastrolilli (supsi), evanthia papadopoulou (usi), natasha sharygina (usi), marco zaffalon (supsi)















recent projects



									show all
									













projects list usi-supsi











personality and conversational information access





higher-order relations and dynamics in graph neural networks





advanced machine learning for innovative drug discovery





computational methods for integrality gaps analysis





collaborative self-supervised learning of perception tasks for robot swarms















 







recent publications



									show all
									












publications list usi-supsi













understanding pooling in graph neural networks

2024



daniele grattarola, daniele zambon, filippo maria bianchi, cesare alippi









sparse graph learning from spatiotemporal time series

2023



andrea cini, daniele zambon, cesare alippi









correlated product of experts for sparse gaussian process regression

2023



manuel schürch, dario filippo azzimonti, alessio benavoli, marco zaffalonmachine learning, vol. 112, pp. 1411-1432









vision-state fusion: improving deep neural networks for autonomous robotics

2024



elia cereda, stefano bonato, mirko nava, alessandro giusti, daniele palossijournal of intelligent & robotic systems, vol. 110, pp. 1-13









from system models to class models: an in-context learning paradigm

2023



marco forgione, filippo pura, dario pigaieee control systems letters, vol. 7, pp. 3513-3518














 








education activities







 





the institute is active in the basic education activities (bachelor's and master's degrees) of the department of innovative technologies and università della svizzera italiana (usi).
 












 

department of innovative technologies (dti - supsi)
bachelor of science in data science and artificial intelligence
bachelor of science in ingegneria informatica
master of science in engineering


 

università della svizzera italiana (usi)
master of science in management and informatics
master of science in artificial intelligence
phd programs
 








 








news. the latest













asset publisher























international leaders meet in paris to discuss ai

february 14th, 2025














supsi on the podium at the digital critical care datathon

february 12th, 2025














deepseek, let's talk about it

february 10th, 2025














deepseek: chinese ai that makes the west tremble

february 3rd, 2025




















 








events. our agenda














asset publisher



















											march
											28th
											2025
									






precision health day




















 
 






collaborations and partnerships





the research projects developed by idsia usi-supsi are supported and financed at national level by the swiss innovation agency (innosuisse) and the swiss national science foundation (snsf). the institute also participates in projects promoted by the european community and the european research council (erc).
idsia also works with world-renowned companies such as ubs, novartis and mastercard, but also and above all with national and regional companies to keep switzerland at the top of the list of the most innovative nations. 






 








contact














visualizzatore contatto



















dalle molle institute for artificial intelligence studies (idsia usi-supsi)


east campus usi-supsi via la santa 1 ch-6962 lugano-viganello



								t +41 (0)58 666 66 66



			                      idsia@usi-supsi.ch
			                    



















hidden






hidden widget













































	            usi
          




				      usi.ch
				  






	            supsi
          




				      supsi.ch
				  







	            social
          




				      linkedin
				  







usi/supsi © 2025





				      privacy policy and security
				  






































































