



  







home - search - deadwood gulch



















































































304 cliff street. deadwood, sd 57732(605) 578-12941-800-695-1876 





toggle navigation












home
hotel 

resort amenities


casino
dining
weddings 

trusted vendors
weddings & receptions
shotgun weddings
wedding gallery
wedding information


groups & events
local attractions
we give back
book now
 





home – search














nestled in the beautiful black hillswe have front-door, on-site parking in a beautiful black hills setting with access to the mickelson trail for year-round outdoor activities. 
























check-in

check-out

adults

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8



 








check-in



check-out



adults

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8






 


























                        welcome to deadwood gulch                    

deadwood gulch gaming resort, trademark collection by wyndham is nestled in the beautiful black hills featuring rooms overlooking whitewood creek. we have front-door, on-site parking in a beautiful black hills setting with access to the mickelson trail for year-round outdoor activities.













 



 









 



 









 



 
































                        deadwood's #1 casino & resort                    
our gaming resort and casino is located in historic deadwood, south dakota along whitewood creek. we offer free on-site parking, 24-hour gaming, great food, spirits and extraordinary customer service!

we are a little off the beaten path, but well worth the trip to go the extra mile. we do every time!














 
















comfortable clean and perfect surroundings coffee in the morning on the back deck next to the creek.kim hotels.com  the hotel and property were clean and the area was quiet. we were able to listen to the creek and it was very soothinglinda expedia  it was a gem in the woods of deadwood.galileo j expedia  was a nice escape from the chaos of metro lifedylan travelocity   



















                        we have it all                    
this casual casino hotel overlooking wooded hills is one mile from historic deadwood's casino and nightlife.


                                                                            call now                                                                    

                                                                            see vacation packages                                                                    























































                        a stay to remember                    
newly updated rooms feature free wi-fi, coffee makers, flat-screen tv's and microwaves and fridges. our suites include a wet bar, fireplace, whirlpool tub and amazing views of whitewood creek. 


                                                                            book now                                                                    

                                                                            view resort amenities                                                                    








































forget something? fill out the form below to locate! 


















lost & found form











































                        dining at deadwood gulch                    
our creekside restaurant has breakfast and lunch options that will be sure to please. our fireside lounge is a full-service bar that serves amazing drinks and tasty food to compliment them.


                                                                            reservations                                                                    

                                                                            view menu                                                                    






















































                        visit us today!                    

















 













 












































 

 previous


 next


































                        sign-up for our newsletter                    




















name
        




email address
        *




question / comment
        *







					if you are human, leave this field blank.				





























 

 



 









about us deadwood gulch gaming resort, trademark collection by wyndham is nestled in the beautiful black hills featuring rooms overlooking whitewood creek.
we have front-door, on-site parking in a beautiful black hills setting with access to the mickelson trail for year-round outdoor activities.





 






contact info

sales@deadwoodgulch.com1-800-695-1876304 cliff st. deadwood, sd 




connect with us

 






payments accepted

visapaypalmastercardamerican expresscash 




 
































