




epta – european pultrusion technology association












































skip to content



epta

			european pultrusion technology association		




menu					 
close					 


home
newsopen menu

publications
world pultrusion conference
downloads


about us
membersopen menu

login
downloads for members


pultrusionopen menu

1. introduction / historical background
2. technical principles
3. equipment
4. raw materials
5. design parameters
6. properties
7. flammability ratings
8. standardisation


applications
contact
 







welcome
to the world
of pultrusion



about epta ?
epta – the european pultrusion technology association was created in 1989 by the leading pultruders in europe with the mission to support the growth of the composite profiles industry by maximizing external communication efforts and having an actively contributing membership.
pultrusion is one of the longest established technologies for manufacturing profiles made from fibre reinforced plastics. the aim of the association was, and remains, to reinforce the position of this process technology and promote their common interests. today, the european association of pultruders has over 30 members throughout europe and provides a strong network for pultruders sharing know-how and marketing ideas they have developed jointly…
read more


agenda
jec world 2025 (official partner wpc) – paris, 4-6 march 202531/10/2024paris
epta board meeting14/01/2025the next epta board meeting will take place on february,… continue reading epta board meeting

+more events




the pultrusion process
















epta board meeting
new epta-project on „shredding of pultruded parts”




follow us on 
follow #pultrusioneurope














sponsor members







the epta – european pultrusion technology association – is an expert-task-force of the avk – federation of reinforced plastics. this is a not independent organizational unit.therefore the data protection regulations and also the imprint of the avk apply here.









infocontactmember accessthe epta – european pultrusion technology association – is an expert-task-force of the avk – federation of reinforced plastics. this is a not independent organizational unit.
					therefore the data protection regulations and also the imprint of the avk apply here.archives archives

select month
 january 2025 
 december 2024 
 october 2024 
 september 2024 
 august 2024 
 june 2024 
 april 2024 
 march 2024 
 february 2024 
 december 2023 
 november 2023 
 september 2023 
 july 2023 
 june 2023 
 april 2023 
 october 2022 
 september 2022 
 june 2022 
 october 2021 
 june 2021 
 may 2021 
 march 2020 
 september 2019 
 june 2019 
 january 2019 
 september 2018 
 april 2018 
 march 2018 
 july 2017 


categories

agenda

news


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



home
news
agenda
members
membership
applications
pultrusion
about us
contact







				proudly powered by wordpress.			



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 












