



french and saunders
















news
forums
diary dates
a-z
wiki
feedback



french and saunders








enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


www.frenchandsaunders.com

















latest

roger and val are in again
back on radio 2
absolutely fabulous 20th anniversary specials
bank holiday radio special


front page
archives
show categories

categories:

                        
absolutely fabulous

comic relief

red nose day 2005

red nose day 2007

red nose day 2009



french and saunders

jam and jerusalem

murder most horrid

psychoville

roger and val have just got in

the vicar of dibley

vivienne vyle


[hide this]







twitterings


roger and val are in again
14 comments

dawn french’s sitcom roger and val have just got in is back for a new run. once again we join the couple for the half-hour after they return home, she from her teaching job, he from his work as a botanist.

since the last series roger (alfred molina) is facing a sexual harassment charge at work and val is aspiring to make deputy head at her school. but a bizarre revelation is set to change everything in their safe, domestic world.
roger and val have just got in wednesday 8 february 2012, 10pm-10.30pm
posted on monday,  6 february 2012 • comments (14)


back on radio 2
4 comments

french and saunders are back on radio 2 for more shows over christmas. expect a mix of chat, jokes, music and guests, f&s-style. here’s the show roster:

christmas day 2-4pm — with hilary devey and clare balding and includes the queen’s christmas message
new year’s day 1-3pm — with sharon gless and kirsty wark
2 january 2-4pm — with michael palin and tracey emin

if you can’t catch the shows live, listen again on bbc iplayer (see all).
posted on friday, 23 december 2011 • comments (4)


absolutely fabulous 20th anniversary specials
2 comments

this christmas and new year sees the return of absolutely fabulous, with two new episodes. jennifer saunders (edina monsoon) filmed with the rest of the original cast in august to mark the show’s 20th anniversary.

julia sawlha (saffy monsoon), joanna lumley (patsy), june whitfield (mother) and jane horrocks (bubble) all return to the show, which is centered on the world of pr.

the audacious antics of edina and patsy epitomised nineties excess and continued on and off till 2004. this christmas’s two episodes will be shown on christmas day and new year’s day, with a third show for 2012 to coincide with the london olympics.

episode one, entitled ‘identity’, sees a homecoming in the monsoon household with a not-necessarily-welcome best friend in tow.

absolutely fabulous christmas day 10.00pm and new year’s day 9.40pm, bbc one

posted on thursday,  8 december 2011 • comments (2)


bank holiday radio special
8 comments

french and saunders are back for another bank holiday special on bbc radio 2. this time they are joined by actress of acorn antiques and calendar girls fame celia imrie, plus comedy double act anna crilly (lead balloon) and katy wix (not going out).
set the dial for bbc radio 2, monday 30th may 2011, 12pm
update! they’re back for an additional show this august bank holiday:

monday, 29 august 2011, 12pm — with guests prof brian cox and matt lucas. (see all)

they’ll be back on radio 2 at christmas.
posted on saturday, 21 may 2011 • comments (8)


psychoville — part two
5 comments

the confounding collection of characters is back in psychoville. the survivors of the explosion at ravenhill psychiatric hospital reunite to bury one of their number, but they remain under surveillance by the mysterious grace andrews. 
dawn french returns as the nurse with a special baby, joy aston.

psychoville 2 starts thursday 5 may 2011, 10pm, bbc two (see all)
posted on thursday,  5 may 2011 • comments (5)

further stories can be found by browsing the archives →

© frenchandsaunders.com ↑ return to top of page








