











barnhart - crane, lift, transportation and rigging solutions





























































 






skip to main content








blog


careers

about












  lift  transport  industries  locations  videos  contact



 


barnhart
crane+rigging
minds over matter 








proof load testing
proof load testing is a critical function that ensures the safety of components, and most importantly, people. it helps affirm the stated working capacity of lifting equipment or rigging.






remove and replace equipment
when a heavy component needs to be replaced, whether due to failure, plant modification or expansion, the challenge is to remove the old and replace with the new in a manner that emphasizes safety while minimizing plant disruption and downtime.






storage solutions
whether your project is delayed or your equipment is early, barnhart stands ready to unload, store and reload your heavy cargo in one of our many locations.












expert rigging services
barnhart has built a nationwide reputation for solving problems. we specialize in the lifting, heavy-rigging and heavy hauling of major components used in american industry. barnhart's rigging and crane service is committed to continuous improvement and to being the best heavy lift and heavy transport company. our customers can expect barnhart to aggressively pursue innovative ways to lower overall project costs and improve safety.










over 60 branches across north america
we operate the strongest network of rigging experts and equipment in the country. barnhart's network includes a long list of 'cool tools', including pste goldhofer trailers, crane service and cranes for hire from 18 to 1,800 tons. strand-jacks, cantilever beams, hydraulic gantries, self-tailing devices, skidding systems and the modular lift tower are also part of our inventory.

find a branch









setting
ideas
in motion
at barnhart, we are in the business of assisting companies in moving and installing heavy equipment of any size. whether it's a lift of a few feet or a transport across the country, we set your vision in motion through an unparalleled network of resources and innovative engineering solutions that defy convention.
if you can dream it,
barnhart can make it a reality.








featured videos







                    	advanced planning and engineering
                    
learn more 










                    	animation - moccs on goldhofer and turntable removes pump motor
                    
learn more 










                    	generator offload time-lapse
                    
learn more 










                    	softrac - nuclear fwh bundle remove & replace
                    
learn more 










how can we help?
our team is ready to assist you in your next lift project.
schedule a discovery call with our experts today!
get a quote







 
link to https://www.facebook.com/barnhartcranelink to https://twitter.com/barnhartcranelink to https://www.youtube.com/user/barnhartcranelink to https://www.linkedin.com/company/barnhart-crane-&-rigging
  lift  transport  industries  locations  contact

about
careers
news
surplus
equipment
projects
privacy policy & terms
cookie policy
consent preferences

©2025 barnhart
back to top
 















 

