




	quality, durable heating & air conditioning systems from amana













website works best with javascript enabled. please enable javascript and reload this page to continue.

































  




       
      

about us tried and truefind a dealeramana brand locationspress releaseswhy american hvaccontact usproducts air conditionersgas furnacesair handlers & coilspackaged unitsductless systemsheat pumpsindoor air essentialstemperature controlamana cloud servicesresources hvac learning centerhvac facts how central ac systems workhow heat pump systems workhow a central gas furnace workshow packaged systems workhvac glossarypreventive maintenancefrequently asked hvac questionsliterature libraryfind a dealer customer reviewsconsumer financingwhen to buypricingenergy staralumafintax credits2023 regulationsinflation reductionrebates centersupport standard warrantyextended service  plansinternet purchasesenergy calculatorcustomer serviceproduct registration warranty lookup 






    

search



    find a dealer
         








home






  



high-efficiency air conditioner
amana® brand
s-series.
the amana brand s-series system offers the same high-quality design, performance, and features as other amana brand systems, but at a fraction of their size
learn morestay connected with the new sleek
amana®
brand 
smart thermostat
adjust temperature and modes from the home screen. set a schedule so the temperature automatically adjusts to your routine. when you’re away from home, you can help keep energy consumption down with away mode.

learn more




   




scroll to top



why choose amana brand
energy-efficient air conditioning and heating products assembled in the u.s.a.
adjust temperature and modes from the home screen. set a schedule so the temperature automatically adjusts to your routine. when you’re away from home, you can help keep energy consumption down with away mode.







our product features
premium durability and efficiency – the amana® brand has a complete line of residential, energy-efficient air conditioning and heating equipment products, all designed, engineered, and assembled in the u.s.a. the amana brand
“american pride” legacy continues with the completion our $440m facility, located just outside houston, texas.
learn more




industry leading warranty
our best standard warranty protection for amana® brand air conditioners and heat pumps. our high-efficiency air conditioners and heat pumps feature some of the most comprehensive limited warranty coverage of any air conditioner or heat pump on
the market.
learn more






customer product reviews
amana® brand has spent over 80 years manufacturing cutting-edge air conditioning & heating products, as well as household appliances. it has millions of heating and air conditioning systems installed with homeowners in the united states and
canada. check out which amana brand products earned the most praise* from owners like you.
learn more




apply for financing available
why dip into savings you may have earmarked for another purpose, add to an existing credit card balance or even consider a home equity line of credit? your local amana® brand dealer can quickly deliver flexible financing terms and competitive interest rates when you need them most.
learn more





 








we are here to help
find an amana®   brand dealer near you.
save time, book online. use the scheduling tool to book your appointment today.
find a dealer
book now
















rest assured. it’s amana brand.
our best standard limited warranty protection
providing outstanding standard limited warranty coverage is just one way of continuing the amana brand's 70+-year promise to homeowners to build a product that lasts and lasts and lasts®. some of our air conditioners and heat pumps feature
our most comprehensive limited warranty* coverage of any air conditioner or heat pump. they offer lifetime limited warranty* protection for the compressor to the original, registered*, single-family, homeowner of a properly matched system using
these high-efficiency air conditioners and heat pumps.
learn more








how ac systems and heat pumps work
hvac facts for homeowners
there are many heating and air conditioning systems to choose from today. your amana brand dealer can draw on a vast degree of heating and air conditioning knowledge and experience to help you decide on the system that best fits your specific
needs. the size and age of your home, as well as the number of rooms, climate, local and regional utility costs, and utility incentive/rebate programs are all factors that will affect the functionality and, therefore, selection of your system.
learn more














values. quality. reliability.
american pride
the amana® brand values quality, reliability and american pride. while many other hvac manufacturers have moved, or are planning to move production outside of the united states, the $440m daikin texas technology park is located just outside
houston, texas. 
the amana® brand believes that hvac workers in the u.s.a. can compete with anyone in the world, and we prove it every day. 
learn more












assess your possible savings
efficiency advisor 
energy calculator
the amana® brand efficiency advisor is an online tool designed to help identify how much can be saved with a amana inverter. we'll get to know more about your home and your lifestyle then we'll create an assessment of your possible savings
and more. 
learn more










take comfort. it’s an amana brand.
a legacy of comfort.
indoor heating and cooling systems 
today, amana® brand heating and air conditioning is part of one of the leading manufacturers of energy efficient residential, commercial and industrial hvac systems and refrigerants.






products selection menu


amana cloud services


air conditioners


gas furnaces


heat pumps


air handlers and coils


temperature controls



packaged units


indoor air essentials


ductless systems



all products














professionals

partnerlink 
become a dealer 





product

amana ptac 
commerical products 
amana appliances 





company

employment 
vision 2050 
contact us





legal


privacy notice
terms of use
terms of sale
cookie &amp; ad settings
accessibility statement


do not sell 
legal compliance
end user license agreement











© 2024 copyright daikin comfort technologies north america, inc.




product recall








amana® is a registered trademark of maytag corporation or its related companies and is used under license. all rights reserved. duplication in part or in whole is strictly prohibited.

































