














goddess gallery

















goddess-gallery.com













the goddess gallery has closedl

 
for a number of years, starting around 1998, the goddess gallery offered museum replicas statues, plaques and icons of goddesses, gods and heros of myth and legend from cultures around the world.
content is from the site's 1998 - 2004 archived pages providing a glimpse of the type of museum replicas this gallery offered.

yelpers report that the goddess gallery has closed.

the goddess gallery
503-239-7458
3574 southeast hawthorne boulevard
portland, or 97214
sacred and mythological art
museum replicas
gifts
 
we believe the more sacred art there is out there, the better this world will be. so the goddess gallery offers statues, plaques and icons of goddesses, gods and heros of myth and legend from cultures around the world. museum replicas include images based in classical greek, ancient egypt, celtic, norse, modern india, early europe, china, indonesia, africa and the americas, and from neolithic times to contemporary works. our primary goal at the goddess gallery is to make images and symbols of the divine feminine / masculine easily available.
the goddess gallery offers hundreds of statues, hanging plaques and other art of goddesses, gods, heros, heroines and other symbolic art. our interest is the beliefs, pantheons, myths and legends of cultures from around the world. replicas range from neolithic goddesses to contemporary art interpretations of the divine spirit, including images based in classical greek, ancient egypt, modern india, early europe, china, indonesia, africa and the americas. our primary goal at the goddess gallery is to make images and symbols of the divine feminine / masculine affordably available.
 
greek statuary
statuary inspired by the ancient greek goddess aphrodite and her compatriots
 

bust of apollo
hydrocal, 13 in. high, $38.50, no. 929, shown in alabaster finish on left, also available in stone finish.
these twin deities were among the most important of the ancient greek olympians. in the stories, diana (artemis to the greeks) was born first and immediately midwifed the birth of her brother. both were renowned archers and hunters.
bust of diana
hydrocal, 13 in. high, $38.50, no. 932, shown in stone finish on right, also available in alabaster finish.
she was a goddess of wild places and wild things, and of personal self-sufficiency and decisiveness. she was both huntress and protector of wild animals, and paradoxically a protector of women in childbirth and a virgin goddess. the golden bough grew in her sacred grove on the north shore of lake nemi north of rome. the greeks knew her as artemis, and the eclectic romans called her diana.


diana of ephesus
hydrostone in ivory finish, 11.5 in. high and 4 in. wide, $48.50, no. 2561
this is a representation of the abundance of the goddess. in several cultures, the breasts of the goddess are seen as a source of her blessings, just as they are to nursing infants. the original statue was of alabaster and bronze, located at ephesus in what is now the west coast of turkey. the temple complex of diana there was one of the wonders of the ancient world, and much visited. it was rededicated to the virgin mary about 380 ad.
like mary, diana of ephesus was frequently depicted with her palms outwards, bestowing blessings. one christian legend claims that the virgin retired to ephesus and died there.


modern diana
resin, 22 in. high and 11 in. wide, $95.00, no. 6411
this is a modern representation of the goddess with a crescent moon circlet.


bust of hygeia
hydrocal in stone finish, with black base, 15 in. high and 4 in. wide, $56.00, no. 1281
she is a goddess of health and well being. this replica is of an ancient greek work. available in stone finish.


athene of the parthenon
hydrocal, 10.5 in. high and 3.75 in. wide, $39.50, no. 950
as athene polias, she was a protectress of society and civilization. the lost original of this statue was made of ivory and gold and dominated the interior of the parthenon in the time of ancient greece. the small nike held in athene's hand was in the original six feet high. the ancient romans called her minerva.



bust of athene
hydrocal, 9.7 in. high and 6 in. wide, $39.50, no. 931.
with her owl-emblazoned crested helmet she is portrayed here as a warrior goddess, protectress of athens and all the ancient greeks.



hekate triformis
hydrostone with ivory finish, 11 in. high and 5.25 in. wide, no. 461 $58.00,
this ancient goddess is perhaps one of the most complex deities of old greece. she evolved substantially over the centuries of literate pagan times. and how she was seen continued to change during christian times, so great is her hold on humankind.
the earliest records show her to be a guardian figure. she was a protectress of children and households. the writings of hesiod portray her as able to grant sucess in many of the activities of humankind, or deny them, as she wishes. hesiod states that though by ancestry a titan (the race of earlier greek gods destroyed by the olympian gods), she not only survived the arrival of the olympians, but her powers increased greatly, by the will of zeus. he wrote:
"zeus, son of kronos, honored (hekate) above all others, for he gave her gifts that were glorious, to have a part of the earth as hers, and a part of the barren sea, and she, with a place also in the starry heaven, is thus exalted exceedingly even among the immortals."
she further became important to the greeks through her role in the stories connected with the elusinian mysteries. only hekate and helios heard the cries of persephone during her abduction by hades, and with hermes she facilitated the return of persephone from the underworld realm of hades back to her mother demeter. 
in the latest pagan times, the roles of hekate as guardian, granter of wishes, and otherworld guide were conflated into entirely new dimensions, and she came to be seen as a goddess connected with magic, spellcraft and otherworldly travel. in this guise she showed up in shakespeare's midsummer night's dream:
"and we fairies that do run
by the triple hecate's team."
references to hecate in macbeth are so varied that some suggest that two figures are present, 'pale hecate' and 'black hecate'. others think this is a reflection of her long evolution from protectress to an otherworldly queen of magicians.
for more information on this goddess, visit our hekate page.


bernini's medusa
hydrocal, 13 in. high, $39.50, no. 941, 
shown in alabaster finish.
a representation of the ancient serpent goddess. she is a guardian spirit, protector and healer of women; keeper of sacred women's mysteries and wisdom.
original by bernini, 17th century.


jupiter
hydrocal with marbled red finish, 12.6 in. high and 5.2 in. wide, $39.50, no. 2457
the latin name for this deity derives from 'father' (pitar or pater) and the indo-european root word dieus, thus meaning 'father god'. to the greeks he was the all-powerful zeus, and similar figures are in all the mythologies of indo-european cultures. this more recent image shows him with horns and sharper features than most older depictions.

hercules and diomedes
hydrocal, 15.25 in. high and 6.5 in. wide, $58.00, no. 1083. available in stone finish.
one of the twelve labors given hercules by the delphic oracle was to capture and bring to mycenae the four man-eating mares of diomedes.
son of the war god ares, diomedes was also a king in thrace. hercules managed to drive the mares to the sea for transport, but was pursued by the followers of diomedes. hercules defeated his attackers, and as depicted by this statue, fought and slew diomedes, whom he fed to the mares. the four mares then became tame and gentle.
original by v. dei rossi, 16th century, at palazzo vecchio, florence.



greek warriors of riace
13" high, $45.00, $80.00 a pair, no. 956
this realistic pair was found offshore from the italian village of riace in 1972. before their long-ago submergence in the sea they likely wore laurel wreaths on their head, honoring a victory.
it is believed that the greek sculptor phidias created them about 450 bce. they now reside in the national museum of reggio di calabria.
a few of our customers have given this pair to their own personal favorite athelete.
shown in both gold (left) and bronze (right) finish.


pan
hand-painted resin, 6.5 in. high and 3.1 in. wide, $43.50, #187, on right.
this modern piece by oberon zell derives symboism from both ancient greek myth and the children's book "wind and the willows".
he is one of the oldest greek gods. more than 100 cult places are associated with his name in ancient greece. orignally a mountain and forest deity, he induced 'panic' in unwelcome visitors to his realms. he was a divine patron of music, drama, fertility and sexuality.


bacchus
#2496. hand-painted resin, 6 in. across, $43.50.
the romans, who adopted many greek gods, called their edition of dionysos bacchus. he it was who discovered grapes and winemaking, and thus has become beloved by winemakers. in addition, he represented the presence in humans of ecstasy and joy - the ability to let oneself go. this oft-denied aspect of human nature is an expression of the indestructability of life.


hades
i available in white resin #4373, 10.9 in. high and 6 in. wide, $46.50 brother to zeus and poseidon, his rulership portion is that of the underworlds, abode of the blessed (and otherwise) dead. this region not just a place of punishment (tartarus) but also includes the elysian fields where those most pleasing to the gods spend their afterlife, and the asphodel fields, where the many neither cursed nor blessed by the gods went.
it was also recognized that the roots of every bountiful crop extended into the underworld of hades, and every vein of precious metal or stone was to be found also there. hence one of his epithets was plutodotes, the wealthy one. the romans also recognized this connection, and named one of their underworld dieties pluto.


hades and kore
hydrocal, 12 in. high, $36.50. available in stone #1085 or gold highlighted black satin finish #902.
the story of the abduction of persephone or kore by hades was important in the elusinian mystery schools of ancient greece. the chain of events resulting from this brought together in one story many of the greek dieties of fertility and the underworld realms, such as hermes, demeter, hecate and baubo as well as hades and persephone. the marble original was carved by gianlorenzo bernini in 1521 at the age of 23 and now resides in the borghese gallery in rome. the statue is one of the earliest to portray not a static pose but a dramatic active moment, when hades carried persephone across the threshold into his underworld kingdom, where she became queen.

 


 
celtic statues and plaques
 
gundestrup kernunnos

the name kernunnos survives only in one place - a stone relief found in paris with this name carved in roman letters. the celtic word translates as 'the horned one'. other artwork from the period show a similar figure and are assumed to be of this same diety. this statue is based on what is perhaps the most famous of the kernunnos images - the silver gundestrup cauldron, found in what is now denmark. his left hand clasps a ram-headed serpent, his right a torc, symbol of authority and power. another torc graces his neck.
traces of a gold plating are present on the gundestrup cauldron, and this statue is also available in a gold finish.
 

kernunnos
paul borda, artist
this detailed wall sconce is filled with symbolic detail. seven coins are hidden in this work, representing the provider. his antlers count seven tines, around which twines a ram-headed serpent, both ancient symbols of masculine spirituality. on the right his face is decorated with holly, and to the left with oak and mistletoe, all again masculine symbols. the torc around his neck is present on many ancient celtic diety depictions, probably showing authority or power. the antlers and holly also signify the seasonal round. this 3-dimentional work is cast in outdoorable resin, 12 in. by 12 in. and 4 1/4 thick. available and pictured in stone #1620 and wood finishes #1632, $165.00
 
 

the morrigan
paul borda, artist
shown in a rotating graphic changing between rosewood finish
(#689)
$79.50, resin, 11 in. high by 5.9 in wide.
the morrigan is a triple goddess originating in ireland. her aspects have various names; well-known ones are neaim, macha, and badb (mave). in this modern image by artist paul borda, she is the maiden warrior holding two spears, indomitable in battle. she could shape-change into a raven or crow, shown on the back of her cloak. her name is carved in ogham on the base of the statue. a protector, she empowers individuals to confront challenges with strength, even against overwhelming odds. the celtic cultures were unusual in expecting many women to function as warroirs. roman chroniclers reported that both male and female celts went into battle naked, exposing tattoos which served to summon their magical forces. in later christianized mythologies she became the witchy morgan le fay.
this rotating image shows the richness of this work. this is one of the few truly powerful feminine images available today

 

sheela na gig
the original of this striking image resides at the peak of the doorway arch of the church of st. mary and st. david in kilpeck, england. hundreds of simular figures are scattered across western europe on a variety of structures. they are most common in ireland but can be found as far afield as germany. although they clash with the sedate christian image, they are most commonly found on christian churches. they were made during the christian era up to around 1600. since then some have disappeared, being sometimes rediscovered in streams or fields, or found hidden deep in the basements of museums.
these figures may have symbolized entry into the womb of the church, or been a survival of belief in feminine dimensions of the divine.

 

 
celtic skull
heavily ornamented with raised celtic knotwork designs, this piece calls to mind the head cults of some celtic tribes. several stories survive in celtic lands of prophetic, talking heads which continue to communicate after being removed from the body, such as bran the blessed. a later version from mideval times is called 'gawain and the green knight'. it is thought that the echos of this cultural element are reflected in the jack-o-lanterns of modern halloween - samhain.
#3590, 4.9 in. high and 7 in. long., hydrostone, $38.50.

~~~
update: when my father agreed to move into a senior living facility near to where i lived in bel air, maryland he insisted that i pack and bring his carved celtic skull. i could imagine some of the healthcare workers at hart heritage estates, a residence for seniors that had been recommended to me as respected assisted living providers might find the skull sculpture a bit odd or ghoulish. but i found it strangely beautiful with its raised celtic knot work designs. my father is very proud of his welsh heritage. there was no way that skull wouldn't end up in his residence. at christmas my father insisted it wear a santa claus hat. on may day i would place a wreathe of silk flowers around its crown. halloween it would be draped as a ghost with eye holes. well you get the point. so although the goddess gallery is no longer open for purchases on the web, i still must say thank you to the gallery for the celtic skull my father purchased from them more than two decades ago. it's been a great conversation starter over the years.
~~~
 


 
kwan kung
 
the chinese master of order and prosperity, his image is frequently found at the entrance to chinese temples and businesses.
shown in a rotating graphic above is our #1496 red finish shou shan stone kwan kung, and our #1499 antique gold finish shou shan stone kwan kung. both are 10.7 in. high by 8.1 in wide, and priced at $89.50.
he is invariably shown tugging at his luxuriant beard, wearing ornate dynastic chinese military officer's clothing, looking as though he is contemplating some serious matter, and often he carries a dragon halberd.
in the stories he was originally a seller of tofu, a profession he is still patron of. he became later an accomplished scholar, memorizing an extensive array of chinese classics. thus he is also a patron of learning and knowledge. his life was to take yet another turn, however, when he chanced upon a government magistrate abusing a young girl. a fight ensued and the magistrate was killed.


fleeing for his life from an unjust regime, he found refuge in a peach orchard in a distant provence. he became fast friends with the orchardman and, with another hero, formed an alliance. in the chinese epic adventure tale of the three brothers of the peach orchard, like the three musketeers or robin hood's band in europe, the three go about the country righting wrongs and protecting the innocent. kwan kung became very popular with the imperial military, and he was declared 'warrior prince' by one chinese emperor, later by another to be 'faithful and loyal great deity, supporter of heaven, protector of the realm'. kwan kung also developed quite a following among the common people, who see him as a protector and guardian. in old china thousands of temples large and small were dedicated to him.
his name is variously seen in the various forms and tranliterations of chinese as kuan ti, guan di, kuan yuh and wu ti.
 
 

 
millennial gaia
this exquisite work of art is oberon zell's expression of his deeply held belief in the oneness of all life on earth. it conveys the incredible beauty and majesty that is the goddess herself.


the millennial gaia is a richly detailed, meticulously sculpted statement about the earth, and the interconnectedness of all of her children. the intricate evolution mandala that runs up her hair is a rich tapestry tracing the evolution of vertebrate life on the land. the delicate carvings on her legs trace the evolution of life in the sea, and the plant kingdom finds expression in her hair and the tattoos that adorn her arms, culminating in the majestic redwood forest on one side, and the tropical rainforest on the other. her right breast is a cornucopia of nourishing fruits and vegetables, and her left breast, over her heart, is the moon.
the millennial gaia is slightly taller than 7", and done in a basic green with a sea blue wash, with gold highlights and cloud forms on the earth globe.
#2299 millennial gaia $75.00 (us) plus shipping, and include your address, e-mail and phone number.
typical shipping, insurance & handling cost within the continental us is $9.00.
   
 


 
ganesh statuary
the following ganesh statuary is all produced in india for devotional use. it is made by people for whom hinduism is a living tradition, and we feel that this sense of connection results in statuary that is more 'alive' than some other types we have encountered.

the statues listed below come in several finishes and combinations of metals.
not every piece is made in every finish.
to find more about the finishes available in this sand-cast brass statuary,follow this link to a listing of finishes
sitting baby ganesh
no. 123 antique brass finish, 4.4 in. high by 3.75 in. wide, $26.50

 

baby ganesh
no. 49 bronze finish only, 4 in. high by in. wide, $24.50. the hindu elephant god is a deity of new beginnings. in the form of a human infant, he is a protector of newborns and those about to be born. he provides benificient influences at the start of new life.

 

no. 2615 (to right). available in antique brass finish only, 10 in. high by 4.5 in. wide, $38.50 this hindu god of new beginnings is traditionally invoked or prayed to at the start of any religious observance. this bell with the image of ganesh as the handle is ideal for that purpose. sturdily made of brass, it will take heavy use!

 

ganesh mask
no. 2613. available in copper and polished brass finish as shown, 7.25 in. high by 5 in. wide, $24.95.

 

 
goddess-gallery.com












