




montreal fishing guide, bass fishing - lake memphremagog, lake magog, lake champlain,ottawa river, st lawrence river - quebec, canada.































skip to content



 210 sommerset rd,
dollard-des-ormeaux,
quebec, canada h9g 2g8
-
reservations: (514) 696-1741


english
français





advanced bassin' plus
trophy fish are waiting to be caught by you!


menu
home
about us
rates
reserve
locations
reports
photos

walleye
bass
pike / muskie
salmon / trout / steelhead
sturgeon
ice fishing


contact
 







guided fishing!make a reservation


























				















advanced bassin’ plus is happy to offer full & half day fishing trips.
battle some of the toughest swimming freshwater fish around montreal, with one of quebec’s top leading tournament fishermen! fish the st. lawrence river and adjoining lakes for a variety of the trophies they hold.
join mark currie who while competing, accumulated over thirty finishes in the top three and plenty more in the top ten. with the prestigious “triple crown”, consisting of angler of the year, team of the year, and the classic champion, his credentials speak for themselves. take advantage of his guiding skills as he teaches you to fish like a pro.
with education being his main goal, a day on the water with him will definitely help you catch more fish. techniques & presentations will be taught to help everyone become better fishermen. from amateurs to veterans, fishing with advanced bassin’ plus will prove to be a memorable learning experience that the whole family will enjoy! let him guide you today!
call & reserve now: 514-696-1741



guided fishing!make a reservation


























				








 


trophy fish are waiting to be caught by you!walleyebasspike / muskiesalmon / trout / steelheadsturgeonice fishing

check out the latest fishing reports with our recent customers!cold & hotnovember 10, 2024a half day trip today saw me hooking up at 10:00 as the weather was looking better by mid-day. it was quite cold in the morning along with a big nw wind, so sunshine was going to be our friend. i had a big group of four and decided to… read more →incredible solo daynovember 8, 2024mike joined me today for another slugfest of smallmouth bass! he spent it flying solo and caught a good number of these brown beauties. although mostly small to medium again, he single handedly managed double digits many times over. he even landed one of the largest pike this fall. oh… read more →never give upnovember 7, 2024today was an exceptionally windy one and another road trip was necessary, in order to be able to fish. scott was celebrating his birthday and brought along chris and ian for their annual fall outing. we would be braving the giant winds and hopefully the fish would cooperate. it was… read more →
the best fishing locations in montreal, quebecst lawrence riverlake st louislake st francislake memphremagogmissisquoi bay(lake champlain)lake of two mountainsottawa river







get in touch telephone: 514-696-1741
cellphone: 514-944-5338
address:
210 sommerset rd
dollard-des-ormeaux
quebec, canada h9g 2g8
get your fishing license: mffp.gouv.qc.ca

things to bring: fishing license
camera
adequate clothing
hat, sunglasses and sunscreen
rain suit (if necessary)
lunch, snacks and beverages
no alcohol please

places i fish:st lawrence river
lake st louis
lake st francis
lake memphremagog
missisquoi bay (lake champlain)
lake of two mountains
ottawa river
start your trip today! reserve my spot!


 














