










home - defiance area chamber of commerce
























































  


















skip to content


















					login				








					email				








					419-782-7946				














facebook icon and link










twitter icon and link





linkedin icon and link






































menu 
directories member directory top tier sponsors directorymembership become a member member login 2025 membership guide membership benefits member to member deals sponsorship opportunitiesabout us about the chamber board of directors – 2025 chamber staff committees public affairs contact uswhat’s new chamber connections chamber blogchamber foundation about the foundation reverse raffle scholarshipsleadership leadership defiance countyevents chamber events calendar leadercast chamber golf outing annual awards banquet reverse raffle business after hours first friday luncheonresources job board 2023-2024 community guide community organizations education city of defiance defiance development & visitors bureau defiance county defiance county economic development defiance community calendarjoin our email list!








 













welcome to the defiance area chamber of commerce






where business & community connect






















search 
member directory
 
 
 
find a member

 








join 
become a member
 
 
online application

 








update 
update member profile
 
 
pdf form

 








network 
find an event
 
 
view calendar

 
















































about 
our vision
where business and community connect.
our mission
to be the driving force for a vibrant defiance area by connecting, leading, and serving our business community.


 
 
learn more

 



















feature 
2025-2026 dacc foundation scholarship
the scholarship fund was established by the defiance area chamber of commerce foundation, inc. trustees who realize the importance of higher education. this non-renewable scholarship will be awarded annually to be used for post-secondary education to the scholarship winner who will be attending an accredited educational institution. there could be up to two $1,000 scholarships awarded annually, at the discretion of the scholarship committee. the scholarship will be payable directly to the college or university of the student’s choice.
eligible applicants include all chamber members in good standing, members’ employees, employees’ spouses, and dependents accepted at an accredited university or college pursuing a degree, certification, or license.
 


apply now




 








upcoming events 


 
view calendar

 












thank you to our 2024 top tier sponsors:
















                                johns manville                            














                                keller                            














                                mec                            














                                mercy health                            














                                midwest community federal credit union                            














                                phoenix theatres                            














                                werlor                            














                                superior c                            














                                state bank                            














                                nw state community college                            














                                city beverage company                            














                                shultz huber & associates, inc.                            














                                defiance county economic development                            














                                f&m bank                            














                                promedica                            














                                sherwood sb                            














                                stykemain buick gmc                            














                                premier bank                            














                                the hubbard company a friendsoffice company                            














                                grube inc.                            














                                lightsource bp                            














                                citizens bank                            














                                spectrum                            














                                sam switzer realty                            














                                balchem                            














                                servicemaster by mccann                            














                                baker-shindler company                            














                                metalink technologies                            














                                fun factory promotional products                            






next
previous















 












© 2025 defiance area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources









facebook icon and link










linkedin icon and link











directory




member directory 










member login




member login 










contact us




contact us 










get in touch






defiance area chamber of commerce®









link to google map that displays where the chamber is located




400 clinton street, defiance, oh 43512 










419-782-7946




419-782-7946 










link to email




commerce@defiancechamber.com 


















 © 2025 defiance area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 




















