


tri-county ems - serving androscoggin,  franklin, and oxford counties in maine











home  




tri-county maine ems - your life support team






maine ems info

news
aed project
committees
events
awards

regional info

news
chiefs info
medical direction
cism
ems memorial
ems service info


education

ems courses
specialty courses
aha course
student info
faq's


aha training

cpr
first aid


ceh

upcoming programs
ceh info
forms
faq's
check your ceh report


qi corner

memsrr
qi indicators
forms
faq's


preparedness

h1n1
vaccinations
mass casualty
resources


faq's

pift
protocols
licensing
mems rules
national registry


links










 welcome 
 
  



tri-county ems - a not for profit organization founded in 1976; 
  one of six regional emergency medical services councils in maine.

 tri-county ems was founded in 1978 to support the
development of the ems system in maine. over the past 39 years our ems
system has experienced many advances. tri-county ems has provided the
leadership, resources, and innovative thinking to meet the challenges
of advancing contemporary emergency medical care throughout our region.
our regional ems system includes:

  

39 ems services - covering 3 counties
lifeflight ems helicopter
5 hospitals and emergency departments
4 trauma system hospitals
1 trauma center
cardiac cath lab activation program
ems medical direction
central maine regional resource center



 


 upcoming courses and conferences and news  



 



stay updated. learn what's new. "like" our facebook page. click our badge below


  ems week will be celebrated may 21 through may 27th, 2017. the theme for this year is ems strong: always in service. ems awards will be presented on thursday, may 25th at 2pm in the hall of flags at the state capital building in augusta. everyone is welcome to attend.  ems week open house on monday evening, may 22, 2017, tri-county ems will be hosting an ems celebration from 5pm to 8 pm at davinci's restaurant at 150 mill st, lewiston. this social gathering is an opportunity to drop by and say hi to your friends and colleagues in emergency medical services. all ems providers,emergency department staff, dispatchers and drivers are invited to this event. with the support of central maine medical center and st marys regional medical center we will be providing hot and cold appetizers. a cash bar will be available. please rsvp our office at 795-2880 or send an email to diane so we can plan for enough food. we hope that you will come join the celebration, stop in to say hello, and join the fun as we celebrate the beginning of ems week! we hope to see you there.


  


  cism training  have you thought about joining a cism team? would you like to help peers in your department? cism training on group crisis intervention, suicide prevention and building resilience programs will be held june 21 through 23, 2017 in waterville. the program is sponsored by tri-county ems and atlantic partners ems. maine ems has provided a generous subsidy to allow us to provide this program at a very low cost. this program is designed for ems and healthcare providers, firefighters, law enforcement officers, dispatchers, mental health providers and others who are interested in learning more about and providing support to their public safety colleagues. the registration form and more details can be found at   cism training


 free continuing education do you need continuing education? check out the programs listed below for more information. all three provide excellent, contemporary ems education and they are all free. i attended the procedural cadaver lab in november 2016 and learned so much.  links to ceh course details  stroke conference - may 22, 2017 9am to 4:30pm italian heritage center, portland   procedural cadaver lab june 7, 2017 sessions are scheduled throughout the day at hannaford center, portland   



 ems licensing education tri-county ems will be offering an advanced emt course to begin august 2017. this course will meet in lewiston. the final arrangements for the class are being made. call our office at 207 795-2880 to be placed on the early notification list.  





mandatory reporting for injuries to children under 6 months or otherwise non-ambulatory the maine law requiring reporting of suspected child abuse was revised in the last legislative session to include mandatory reporting of all injuries sustained to a child under 6 months of age or otherwise non-ambulatory.  these reporting requirements apply to all ems providers. please review this law with your staff, colleagues and any students you might be teaching or precepting. a copy of the revised law can be found at 
mandatory reporting



maine ems on-line learning system memsed  maine ems (mems) continues to add new programs to the on-line learning site. all ems providers are welcome to sign on to the memsed website and participate in this high quality, free ems education. ceh credits are awarded for all programs. to sign in on this site you will use your maine ems user name and password.  
learn more


 



 view all upcoming continuing education classes







 announcements 

pelvic fracture immobilization - short video - how to accomplish this task. pelvic fracture immobilization
  



 stay in touch with tri-county 



 



 sign up for our email newsletter      

  
    

for email newsletters you can trust
 



  


 





news & events  tri-county ems quality council - june 8, 2017 at 11 amtri-county ems airway review team meeting - may 10, 2017 at 1pmmdpb meeting - may 17, 2017 9:30 am augustamaine board of ems - june 7, 2017 at 9:30 am augustamaine ems dnr and physician orders for life-sustaining treatment (polst) form 
   
 
more events >> 
 
  



upcoming courses 
applications being accepted for an aemt course to begin august 2017applications being accepted for a fall 2017 emt coursecontinuing education programs schedule need a ceh request form? new form 2017blank roster?   

  
   



contact

tri-county ems300 main streetlewiston, maine 04240
phone:(207) 795-2880 fax: (207) 795-2476e-mail: lebrunj@cmhc.org  [directions]
the office is open m-f 8:30 am to 4:30 pm 




			2025 tri county maine ems. all rights reserved.
		

			content managed with datavenger ™ by sephone.
		






