





voice dialogue international























voice dialogue
as the originators of voice dialogue and the psychology of selves, hal and i spent more than 45 years developing a body of work that  has excited the minds and touched the hearts of people all over the world. it  has transcended national boundaries and cultural differences to allow a kind of  connection between people that is entirely new. this work has shown people how  to look at themselves differently and - in doing so - it bridges the distances  amongst them. 
our joint journey involved going beyond the apparent  duality of the world - beneath this surface - to explore this shared humanity  and the spiritual realms associated with it. we found that when we dive  beneath our differences - into the depths of our vulnerability and our shared  humanity - we all sang the same chorus. and so it is that when we are given the  chance to sing our individual melodies, our songs harmonize and, together, we  add our voices and our energies to the music of the spheres.  
each of us "contains multitudes". we are made up  of many selves, identifying with some and rejecting others. this  over-identification with some selves and the loss of wholeness that comes from  the rejection of others, can create imbalances and blind spots. this work is  about embracing all the selves. this dance of the selves is an amazing process  and we see the dynamics of the world around us shift as our internal world  changes. 
i invite you to explore as we did: yourself, your  relationships and how your own consciousness affects the world in which you  live! our work has been dedicated to this  exploration. it has been an expression of our own personal journeys as well as our  commitment to the process of our relationship. the ideas presented to you are  alive. they changed as we changed and as our understanding deepened. they continued to evolve right up to hal's passing in 2020 at the age of 92; i find they are still alive and continue to evolve. 
 since  i cannot travel everywhere and cannot meet everyone personally, i offer you  our work on this website. i hope that you will be able to use this information to guide you on your own journey, and i send you my very best wishes... 




voice dialogue: you are not one, but many. 
        voice dialogue is the basic method for contacting, learning about, and working with the many  selves that make up each of us. experience the evolution of the aware ego process that allows you to embrace all of these selves, have real choice, and live life more fully and consciously.  


the psychology of selves   provides a clear explanation of how these selves operate in your life and how   they keep you from realizing your full potential.
      learn how these selves determine the way you see the world,   control your behavior, and limit your choices. most of us live a much smaller   life than necessary. learn to be more than any one of your individual   selves.  


relationship: our   relationships are controlled by these selves. 
        the stones' approach to relationship - their theory of   bonding patterns - provides an easy to understand technology of relationship.    learn how the difficulties in your relationships can be the source of creative   change, of greater control over your life and behavior, and more joy.   


 energetics - interactions   in "the field". 
        modern science and ancient wisdom both teach about the   importance of what is not seen - of the field that surrounds matter. our   emphasis on the energetics of relationship enables you to work directly with   this field in both your interpersonal and intrapsychic life.


dreams - providing guidance   from within.
        this work activates the "inner teacher". as you learn about   - and separate from - your individual selves, your own source of deep wisdom   becomes available to you through dreams. learning to understand your dreams and   daydreams provides an objective and steady guidance that is particularly   valuable in uncertain times. 






  














search the voice dialogue website









  
	


voice dialogue international (formerly delos inc)all rights reserved by copyright 2022©













voice dialogue origins

hal stone ph.d
sidra stone ph.d
in celebration of fifty years of voice dialogue: the origin story
voice dialogue faq's

reading room

readings in voice dialogue 
articles by drs. hal and sidra stone
faq's
other authors
book chapters
newsletters in english
newsletters en français
academic / peer reviewed


books/audiocasts & more

books/audiocasts 
foreign translations
other authors


global resources

trainings

hal & sidra stone recorded webinars
sidra stoneprivate tutorials
the retreat at thera
trainings offered by others
share your training


dream room

introduction to dreams
hal's dream journey





 







 


