









insurance policyholder information | claim help | insurance consumers





















































 skip to main contenthome
insurance faqs

top ten things insurance warnings
glossary


types of insurance

third party
auto – boat
medical hmo
long term disability
homeowners
business
umbrella
long term care
life insurance


policyholder bill of rights
rate your insurer
insurance blog
insurance consumers
“insuranceconsumers.com is the only insurance information, rating, and discounting resource on the internet written, run and driven by insurance experts who are on your side. people who have spent their entire professional lives working on behalf of insureds, not insurers.
those who have suffered life changing losses as a result of everything from the destruction of their homes and businesses to catastrophic injuries and the loss of their life savings, understand the role that insurance plays in determining the quality of the rest of their lives.
complex first and third party insurance coverage and claims handling issues are usually the most important factor in this determination. yet few topics give rise to greater misunderstandings and confusion than the subject of insurance.
whether it’s about your own insurance or the insurance of the person or entity that caused the damage, saying or doing the wrong thing, allowing crucial evidence to disappear or misunderstanding the law, people often play right into the hands of those who caused them harm in the first place.
insurance companies and their lawyers are always prepared to advance their agendas.
insurance consumers is on the other side of the table.
our goal is to provide consumers and claimants with the tools and resources needed to understand what they have purchased, and to get what they have paid for.

frequently asked questions and answers you need!
insurance faqs
begin with our frequently asked questions section to find answers to common questions about purchasing insurance and filing claims. although some insurance regulations do differ somewhat from state to state, especially with regard to unfair claim handling practices, most insurance laws are similar from one jurisdiction to another. our faqs are generally applicable throughout the country, but it’s always best to double check important issues with a local expert. before you do, review our faqs to get up to speed.

definitions for insurance terms & phrases
glossary
next, the terminology. our insurance glossary offers understandable definitions for the terms and phrases used in insurance policies. level the playing field by understanding insurance lingo. you don’t need to study this section. simply use it for reference when reading your policy.
step by step guidance
types of insurance
next, visit our extensive types of insurance, where detailed information is provided for the major lines. this is where we give you the tools you’ll need to ensure you are covered and that your claims are paid. gleaned over decades of experience, this section provides step-by-step guidance and includes the details the insurance companies don’t tell you about. our types of insurance  offers detailed information about purchasing insurance and/or recovering benefits for  third party insurance claims, auto-boat insurance, medical/hmo insurance,  long term disability insurance, business insurance, homeowners insurance, umbrella insurance, long term care insurance and life insurance.  






subscribe to the insurance consumers mailing list:








 types of insurance third party insurance claims | auto-boat insurance | medical/hmo insurance | long term disability insurance | business insurance homeowners insurance | umbrella insurance |  long term care |  life insurance feedback copyright © 2025· insurance consumers. the information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site.  

menu








 

homeinsurance faqs▼top ten things insurance warningsglossarytypes of insurance▼third partyauto – boatmedical hmolong term disabilityhomeownersbusinessumbrellalong term carelife insurancepolicyholder bill of rightsrate your insurerinsurance blog 







error: content is protected !!




call now button





