


  



concrete contractor.com - information on commercial concrete contractors and cement buildings




















































home


history of concrete


tilt-up construction



										historic projects
										


ingalls building
grand coulee dam
hoover dam
assembly hall
water tower place
the cn tower
our lady of the angels
dfw air cargocentre



contact us













have you heard about

tilt-upconstruction
dynamic approach to concrete construction!
learn more






5,000 years in the making

the history ofconcrete
see how concrete became the world's most commonly used building material 
learn more






buildings that have shaped our lives

famousconcreteprojects
learn more









welcome to concrete contractor

								concrete contractor.com is an informational resource on concrete, its history and its role in commercial construction. 
						  
concrete has been the primary building block of civilization for thousands of years. in earlier years, concrete contractors used the most rudimentary of technologies and equipment in the creation of cement buildings and roads. in spite of this, early concrete block buildings have remained standing for literally hundreds of years, proving the strength and durability of this superior construction material. 
today, modern concrete construction companies use sophisticated construction technologies like tilt-up concrete construction, advanced concrete construction systems and the latest innovations in mixing and curing of cement to deliver safe and aesthetically pleasing cement buildings that will stand for decades. thanks to the innovations of engineers and concrete contractors over the years, concrete construction is providing cement buildings that are larger, taller, more complex and more safe than ever before. 
concrete contractor.com provides extensive background on concrete, including an extensive look at the history of concrete and tilt-up construction. also featured are profiles on history concrete construction projects like the hoover dam and chicago's water tower place.  
thank you for visiting our website - we hope your visit will add to your knowledge about concrete and concrete contractors. if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. 












this website brought to you by bob moore construction!
for more information visit general contractor.com or call 817.640.1200








about bob moore construction
this website is provided by bob moore construction, a leading concrete construction company in texas. bob moore construction has been one of the most respected commercial construction companies in texas since 1946. an industry leader in tilt-up concrete construction, the company was the first general contractor in the united states to be formally certified as a tca certified company by the tilt-up concrete association (tca). bob moore construction was also one of the first general contractors in north texas to be accepted into the osha local partnership program in recognition of its superior safety program. bob moore construction is a member of texo / associated general contractors of america, american concrete institute and a sustaining member of the tca.... learn more about bob moore construction at general contractor.com 



contact us
817.640.1200

 contact us



facebook
twitter
linkedin














â© copyright bob moore construction 2005 - 2017. all rights reserved.



































