


	home - nelson mandela university


































































					connect with us 
					









giving to mandela university



search for:


















☰


study @ mandela
learning and teaching
research, innovation and internationalisation
engagement and transformation
leadership and governance
about us
faculties and schools
news and events
directory


students
staff
alumni
stakeholders and suppliers






          




		the university has obtained an interdict from the high court on 11 february 2025. the main purpose of the interdict is to protect the rights and safety of those who wish to access the university to work or pursue their studies, whilst also allowing for the right to protest in accordance with the conditions set out in the interdict.














news      |     the latest information to keep you informed and up to date 






amanda black brings healing sounds home
singer song-writer amanda black is bringing her healing afro-soul to gqeberha on saturday 1 march as part of this year’s mandela bay arts festival.
read more




van zijl stands tall as madibaz aim to bounce back in shield derby

the madibaz are looking to harness the energy of home support for their crucial fnb varsity shield showdown against fort hare on friday.

	 

read more




mandela university phd student wins first prize in global challenges university alliance awards #r2bp

reasons to be proud: phd student in mathematics fundile nyaweni is the first prize laureate in the global challenges university alliance (gcua) award for phd students.

	 

read more




towards sustainability and natural resource management 

from plants and animals thriving together to earthworm compost and fly larvae and students exposed to aquaculture farming, the school of natural resource management on mandela university’s george campus is making a difference in nature conservation and sustainability.

read more

 


read all








events      |     upcoming events on our campuses 






events: sport - fnb varsity shield rugby madibaz fixtures
join fnb madibaz as they take on their competition to be crowned fnb varsity shield champions!


read more




events: exhibitions - mava group exhibition

	the department of visual art in the faculty of humanities invites you to attend the opening of the

mava group exhibition 
an exhibition showcasing the creative work of eight recent candidates from the master of arts in visual arts programme


read more




events - book launch - save the date: inyathi ibuzwa kwabaphambili: theorising south african women’s intellectual legacies

the centre for women and gender studies, the nrf-dsi sarchi chair in african feminist imagination, and the mandela university press invite you to the launch of inyathi ibuzwa kwabaphambili: theorising south african women’s intellectual legacies


read more




workshops - save the date - postgraduate orientation
save the date - postgraduate orientation (semester 1)
read more

 


read all







study@mandela      |     follow this 4-step process to your future at our university 






step 1: discovery
see what options are available to you, look at the prospectus and quick guides, make your career choice, find out which courses (qualifications) can get you there and see if you meet the requirements.
find out more




step 2: application
decided what you want to study and meet the requirements? 
right, now you can apply online for admission, for accommodation and for funding.
find out more




step 3: admission
submitted your application? now you can view your admission status, change your study choice or confirm any admission offer you may have received so that we can reserve a place for you.

find out more




step 4: registration
been admitted to study at nelson mandela university? take part in the orientation programmes, go through the registration process to enrol in your chosen subjects and find out when lectures start.
find out more

 







projects      |     projects currently underway at our university 






water saving
nelson mandela bay, including nelson mandela university, is presently experiencing a severe drought, and our taps have run dry. this webpage seeks to help you navigate the present crisis on our campuses.
view now




naming & renaming
the naming and renaming programme of the university symbolically signals its commitment to transformation in naming places, spaces and buildings that enhance the mandela name while entrenching the institution’s ever-growing intellectual identity.
view now




infrastructure projects
have a look at our latest infrastructure projects on our campuses as well as our flagship buildings, projects underway and campus buildings.
view now

 







learning and teaching      |     insight into our university philosophy 






decolonising our curricula
realising our vision as a dynamic and comprehensive african institution, which responds to local, national and global needs.
learn more




humanising our teaching
nelson mandela university has adopted a humanising pedagogy as the philosophical underpinning for curriculum transformation.
learn more




technology-enhanced learning
both staff and students engage in practices that harness the full potential of technology and modern methodologies.
learn more




listening to our students
nelson mandela university prioritises student voices and supports student involvement in core projects and in curriculum renewal. 
learn more

 







research, innovation & internationalisation      |     making a difference 






research
a fundamental aspect of nelson mandela university, is producing high quality research that makes an impact.
find out more




innovation
innovation is a fundamental part of the education landscape, allowing us to engage in creating new knowledge.
find out more




international office
enriching diversity by drawing postgraduate students from sadc, other african countries, and the global community.
find out more




sustainability
we are committed to working toward making the combined global and continental vision of sustainability a reality.
find out more

 







engagement and transformation      |     working with communities 






the engagement and transformation portfolio
co-creating the transformative, responsive university.


find out more




engagement
engaging and forming partnerships, interacting with stakeholders and reaching out and contributing towards the sustainable development of the communities we serve.
find out more




transformation
promoting institutional transformation through programmatic interventions focusing on the constitutional principles of human dignity, equality, fairness, non-racism, non-sexism, and redress.
find out more




hubs of convergence
the hoc offers physical and intellectual spaces to explore, experiment and reimagine the process of engagement between the university and its communities. 
find out more

 







our campuses      |     all the information you need about our campuses and libraries 






multimedia gallery
drone flybys, events, student life and more, see all the pictures and videos of life at nelson mandela university.
see more




virtual tours
for a 360° view of our campuses and various buildings, take a virtual tour through our interactive maps.  
see more




campuses
find out more about our six campuses located in the nelson mandela metropole and one in the city of george. 
see more




libraries
printed or digital, online or offline, find all the library resources you need to support assignments and projects.
see more

 























connect with us 











our covid-19 portal



						download our mobile app 






mail and portals

student portal
staff portal
student mail
staff mail



be engaged

calendars
publications
report a security breach
ethics hotline




work@mandela

vacancies
suppliers




contact us

 +27 (0) 41 504 1111
 info@mandela.ac.za
 po box 77000
nelson mandela university
gqeberha, 6031
south africa








© 2023 nelson mandela university   
						privacy statement /
						bee & tax certificate / 
						paia / 
						ispa / 
						faq / 
						
directory / 
						wcms








    we use cookies to collect information to ensure you get the best experience on our website. learn more about cookies. read our privacy statement.

    
        i agree
    










 




