








wku - western kentucky university






















































your browser does not support iframes.








warning!


							this page requires javascript to be enabled in order to function properly. it appears it is currently turned off for your browser. if you need help enabling javascript, please contact the its service desk.
					





important message:
wku alert: wku in owensboro will close at 4:00 p.m. central and wku in elizabethtown/ft. knox will close at 5:00 p.m. eastern today, tuesday february 18. students in connect courses should contact instructors for course content.



skip to main content


western kentucky university


apply
visit
more info











about wku
academics
admissions
athletics
student life




students

campus safety
bookstore
iwku mobile app
dining
transportation
diversity



faculty/staff

academic calendar
human resources
directory

health & wellness
mywku



parents

family programs
parent & family portal
campus safety
cost of attendance
member profile



alumni

alumni association
alumni events
make a gift
spiritfunder
wku spirit






sign in to access email • blackboard • topnet


















* search wku











what majors and programs are available at wku?
how do i apply for financial aid and scholarships?
where can i register for a campus tour?
what housing options are available?
how can i contact an academic advisor?




sign in to access email • blackboard • topnet





make a gift


















apply
visit
more info












the future of business education at wku












climb with us
exceptional academic programs, applied learning opportunities, and world-renowned faculty are only part of what makes the wku experience unparalleled. your hopes, dreams and ideas are important to us. we strive to provide you with an environment where creativity is nurtured and intellect grows. wku is a student centered, applied research university. that means we are dedicated to making sure you achieve your goals and graduate with skills for success. you will not only graduate with a diploma, you will enter the real world with experience that makes you stand out above the rest.
apply now
visit campus








about wku
academics
admissions
athletics
student life









search programs





undergraduate


undergraduate
graduate





search






browse
undergraduate majors & minors
graduate programs



college of education & behavioral sciences


college of health & human services


gordon ford college of business


ogden college of science & engineering


potter college of arts & letters













“my experience at news channel 12 and the extra point at wku have been invaluable. the opportunity to apply what you learn in the classroom is so important, especially in the broadcasting field. the shows mimic a real newsroom environment and prepared me for an internship and subsequent full-time position at the highest-rated station in a national top 50 tv market.”
— adi schanie, wku senior from louisville, ky









undergraduate
graduate
international
transfer
online








bowling green, ky
located in the heart of kentucky's third-largest city, our hilltop campus is a place of beauty and friendliness. whether you're looking to explore the natural world, walk to a restaurant downtown, or catch a sporting event, bowling green has a variety of attractions for wku students and their families to enjoy. additionally, bowling green is located approximately 110 miles south of louisville and 65 miles north of nashville, making it easy to travel to other regional destinations.
in addition to the campus in bowling green, wku’s regional campuses in elizabethtown/ft. knox, glasgow, owensboro, and somerset bring our academic programs, continuing education and professional development programs to you.
learn more
regional campuses













“western kentucky university empowered me to explore opportunities i didn't even know were possible. my time on the hill has allowed me to discover my potential and flourish.”
— tylia standard , wku senior from columbus, oh







wku by the numbers




23.7
average class size




16,759k+
total enrollment




top 7
cities on the riseby southern living




200+
academic programs




99%
freshmen receiving scholarship aid









intercultural student engagement center
mahurin honors college
study abroad & global learning
research & creative activity








rewarding hard work and increasing access
most of wku’s merit scholarships are based on high school gpa instead of standardized test scores.  explore the many scholarship opportunities available to you at wku.
scholarships













“my experience at wku showed me the value of challenging myself to improve not only academically but socially as well. through seeing the success in myself and others, i have a better sense of where i am and where i want to be. college has a way of opening your mind to perspectives you wouldn't otherwise be privy to. i have felt an overwhelming sense of gratitude from this university, one that i will not soon forget.”
— rush robinson, wku junior from benton, ky









tuition & fees
cost of attendance
financial aid
scholarships







news

wku winter weather alert for tuesday, february 18
date posted: february 18, 2025
here's a wku winter weather update for tuesday, february 18....

ryan dilts crowned wku's 2025 coming home king
date posted: february 15, 2025
ryan dilts of villa hills, kentucky, was crowned western kentucky university’s 2025 coming home king on saturday night....

regents approve new academic programs, distinguished professors and naming gift
date posted: february 14, 2025
the western kentucky university board of regents convened for its first quarterly meeting of the year on friday....
 view all news


events
feb 20thhilltopper basketball vs. sam houstondiddle arena8:00pm - 10:00pmfeb 21stwku baseball vs. lafayette collegenick denes field3:00pmfeb 22ndwku agriculture & food science comin...l.d. brown ag expo center4:00pmfeb 23rdwku softball vs. bradleywku softball complex3:00pm view all events













					western kentucky university
					1906 college heights blvd.
					bowling green, ky 42101
				




search wku




































about wku
academics
admissions
athletics
student life


transparency & accountability
accessibility
title ix
careers
statement of non-discrimination
contact us
site index
privacy statement
















 last modified 6/24/24
