
lee a. gautreaux



 
welcome to lee a. gautreaux's home page
image(s) of the moment (or whenever i can update it):
 

photo by:  steven geisler
 
 
 

 

 
the official railgoat merch store 
 

 
how well do you know the railgoat? 
 

 
photo collections (more in the works) 
 

 
jjgotrox - my music on the web 



 

 
howdy! well, congratulations, you have managed to stumble across a rather different web site! 
yes, this site is different by design. i wanted it that way. you won't see any animated characters 
or scrolling banners or any of that glitzy stuff here.  to quote rick selby, "it may not be sexy, 
but it's functional!"  that is exactly what i was going for!
you see this site is a front door to a few of my favorite areas of interest. i happen to be a 
huge fan of railroading. i seem to have always had this fascination with the flanged wheel on 
steel rails. i got my introduction to this hobby (obsession?) when i was 5 years old. my parents 
took me on a restored steam train excursion from new orleans, la to hattiesburg, ms and back. this 
train was the southern 4501, a beautiful green, red and silver mikado (2-8-2 wheel arrangement) 
locomotive. that cemented a life long love of trains. the excursions became yearly family 
traditions until the norfolk southern stopped running the trips in the mid eighties.
well, it didn't take long for me to seek out the local rail line that ran near my house in 
houma, la. the southern pacific railroad had a branch off of their new orleans to los angeles 
"sunset" main line from schriever to houma. at the time, the mid 70's, this line was bustling 
with activity. the southdown sugar refinery was busy grinding cane into "white gold" and the oil 
industry was busy drilling for "black gold." during my "bike years," i got to know the folks who 
worked the branch and fell in love with the little grey and red emd switch engines and gp-9's 
that powered the branch local.
fast forward a few years after joining the crescent city model railroad club, meeting a great 
friend and fellow southern pacific fan, bill klope, somehow managing to get my mechanical 
engineering degree, getting married to the right girl, going to work for mcdermott and learing 
how to 

      lift big heavy stuff,  

buying my first house and having a 
wonderful daughter, learning to vote republican, learning how to pick out a little bit of 

      music on the old six string,   

getting a great job at bellsouth (now at&t,) having our youngest child turn 
twenty-four years old this coming december, having two amazing grandchildren, surviving hurricanes katrina, 
rita, gustav and ike and managing to keep my sanity during the destructive and embarrassing 0bama and biden*
administrations, celebrating the election of a real leader in president donald trump and moving from 
central office engineering to outside plant planning at at&t. whew! that's where we are today. i'm 
planning my first real layout now. i am working on taking in half of my two car garage for my homage 
to my beloved houma branch line.  more on that effort as it develops.   the setting has changed a little, 
however. in the beginning, my focus was on present day railroading. well, present day railroading ain't 
what it used to be! the retirement of those beautiful gp-9's and switchers, the merger mania that claimed 
my beloved southern pacific as a victim and the new corporate culture at railroad headquarters have all 
contributed to my officially changing my modeling era to 1965. to me, that must have been a magical time. 
the freight cars and locomotives wore brightly decorated paint schemes designed by artists, not lawyers and 
accountants. little boys looked up with wonder at the engineer in the cab of the passing train 
and dreamed of taking the throttle one day themselves.
anyway, come with me as i try to take a trip on the rails of the past. i have a large volume 
of information avaiblible on my web site.  it certainly has been a wonderful meeting place for so 
many great folks.  so, come on in, the water's fine, and check back often.
if you would like to contact me, drop me an e-mail.
 

sp pages:
selected sp locomotives   new!!!!
sp freight cars page.
ssw freight cars page.
d&rgw freight cars page.
golden west service freight cars page.
pacific fruit express reefer page.
evergreen box cars page.   because rob asked for it here.
pacific motor trucking page.
sunset limited consists
sp lafayette division.
 
other freight cars pages:
selected cars from other roads pages
private owner/shipper freight cars page.
carbon black cars page.
railwhales page.
pressure flow covered hoppers   because tim o'connor asked for it.
 
ara/aar box cars:
1932 ara box cars
1937 aar box cars
post war aar box cars
 
ac&f freight cars:

 
fmc-gunderson bros. freight cars:
 
thrall freight cars:
 
general american transportation corp.:
 
pullman standard freight cars:

 
86' box cars
 
model railroader 70th anniversary box car page.
 
locomotive pages:
selected locos from other roads pages
locomotives by builder/model
 
misc pages:
railgoat's future layout
southern steam excursions
louisiana and delta railroad.
heavy lifting page.
l&n 13 travels from pascagoula, ms to foley, al
houma boy scout cabooses
 
meet the railgoat.
lisa park g/t class 1975-1979.
lee's favorite links.
 


