




j. kevin o'regan








website last updated: 
                1 nov 2024

 
 












download the last draft of my 2011 book with oup: "why
                  red doesn't sound like a bell"


website for the





                    sensorimotor theory of consciousness


older research

work on
                phenomenal consciousness


erc feel


resources
for sensorimotor theory


change blindness demos






j. kevin o'regan
emeritus
                    director of research

 
integrative neuroscience and
                    cognition center 
centre national de recherche
                  scientifique
45, rue des saints pères 
75270 paris cedex 06, france


 jkevin.oregan@gmail.com


short bio
                  publications (1980-2023)




overview
                        in 2013 i retired as director of université
                        paris descartes' "laboratoire psychologie de la
                    perception",
which










                    studied human perception in babies and adults. from
                    2013 to 2019 i pursued a european research council
                    advanced project called feel to study the "sensorimotor"
                      approach to consciousness and "feel".
with a group of 3-8
                    postdocs and assistants we developed the
                    sensorimotor theory on five fronts: philosophical,
                    mathematical, color psychophysics, sensory
                    substitution, and infant development/developmental
                    robotics. we then continued the robotics/infant work
                    within a fetopen project called goalrobots, and a
                    pathfinder pilot project called im-twin.
these projects ended in 2022/2023. 

                    i am currently collaborating with matej










                      hoffmann in prague on a project attempting
                    to make an icub robot learn the structure of its
                    body in a way inspired from human infants.
                    additionally i'm working on how to use knowledge
                    about human learning to improve the way current
                    "transformer" architectures used in large language
                    models like chatgpt learn.


download my book on consciousness!
my book
                "why red doesn't sound like a bell" was published by
                oxford university press in 2011, and the final draft is
                available to download in pdf. it
                suggests a new way of thinking about consciousness (the
                "sensorimotor" approach) which dispels many confusions
                and explains the "hardest" questions about
                consciousness: namely why sensations feel like they do
                (e.g. why red seems red to us, rather than green, or
                rather than sounding like a bell!), and why sensations
                have a feel at all. the theory is relevant to
                understanding what would be necessary for robots to
                really feel. 


 
my older research interests
after doing my first degree at sussex university and
                the first part of my phd at cambridge in mathematical
                physics, i  switched my phd topic
                to psychology to work on eye movements in reading,
                and moved to the centre national de recherche
                scientifique in paris. my most important early work was
                the discovery of an "optimal viewing position"
                for the eye to fixate in words. recognition is fastest
                at that position and drops off to either side, making it
                useful for the eye to fixate there for efficient
                reading. from this i developed what i called a
                "strategy-tactics" theory of eye movement control in
                reading which explains why the eye goes where it does in
                reading. the idea is that the eye adopts a general
                strategy of moving a little to the left of the middle of
                the next longish word, and makes correction tactics as a
                function of ongoing processing if necessary. the theory
                is a compromise between the old "rhythm strategy" theory
                according to which the eye just plods along at a fairly
                constant rhythm without taking account of what is being
                read, and the (in the 1970's and 80's) fashionable
                theory according to which the eye reacts moment by
                moment, at every instant changing where it goes as a
                function of ongoing cognitive processing.
what i
              am most cited for is change blindness,
              which i discovered with collaborators ron rensink and jim
                clark. change blindness is a phenomenon where a
              person looks at a picture of a scene, but doesn't see
              enormous changes that occur in that scene when the changes
              are accompanied by a brief interruption like a cinema cut,
              a blank, or even small distractors like mudsplashes
              on a car windscreen. you can see more demos
              below. the phenomenon at first seems similar to the
              phenomenon of "inattentional










                blindness", where you don't see something that is
              fully in view because you are busy attending to something
              else. but change blindness is conceptually a different
              effect, since it depends crucially on the occurrence of a
              brief transitory event in the visual field that distracts
              your attention, instead of depending on the fact that you
              are consciously attending to something else.

my earlier work on phenomenal
                consciousness

my more recent interest has been one particular aspect
                of the problem of consciousness,
                namely "phenomenal consciousness". this is the term
                philosophers use to refer to "what it's like" to have a
                sensory experience: what it feels like to experience the
                redness of red, the hurt of pain, the touch of the
                feather...
phenomenal consciousness is considered to be the "hard"
                problem of consciousness, also known as the problem of
                "qualia". why does "red" seem "red" to us rather than
                "green", or rather than like the smell of onion? indeed
                why does red have "something it's like" rather than
                having no feel at all? other aspects of consciousness
                like the question of why we have selves, or why and when
                we become aware of things and use them in our rational
                actions and thought (so-called "access consciousness),
                are considered not so hard. almost all current
                scientific theories of consciousness, and the ones that
                neuroscientists mostly talk about, only consider this
                second, "easier" form of consciousness. for this, brain
                mechanisms like large scale neural integration,
                feedback, recurrence or synchrony of neural discharges
                have been proposed that may be able to account for this
                "easier" type of consciousness. on the other hand, many
                people think there is a fundamental obstacle in dealing
                with the "hard" problem of phenomenal consciousness.
                there seems to be a kind of "explanatory gap" between
                the physical mechanisms of the brain and the real, nitty
                gritty "what it's like" of sensations like red.
however i believe there is a way to
                overcome this explanatory gap. my idea derived from work
                i did on vision and eye movements, where i realized that
                some of the mysteries of visual perception could be
                cleared up by conceiving that perceiving does not
                consist in recreating a representation of the world
                inside the head. the idea, published in a much




                  cited article i wrote, was that we should think of
                the world as a kind of "outside memory" that we can
                access by our active exploration through eye movements
                and attention. this led me to discover the phenomenon of
                change
                  blindness and to a new way of thinking about the
                "hard" kind of consciousness. in this new way of
                thinking, i take the somewhat counterintuitive view that
                the "feel" of a sensory experience is not something that
                is somehow generated by the brain, but is rather a sensorimotor




                  law governing how we interact with our
                  environment when we are having that experience. i
                set out what i call the "sensorimotor"
                      approach in my









                  book "why red doesn't sound like a bell" published
                in 2011. more information on the sensorimotor approach
                can be found in my website whatfeelingislike.net.


              the sensorimotor approach makes empirical predictions that
              i started exploring starting in about the year 2000. some
              of this work concerned what is called "sensory
                substitution", that is the possibility of
              using one sense (e.g. hearing) to replace another (e.g.
              vision), and so, for example, help the blind to see with
              their ears. i started this work with malika





                auvray during her phd in my lab, and continued in
              the erc project described below with cristoph witzel,
              frank schumann and alexander terekhov.

some
quite










              mathematical work to test the sensorimotor approach was
              done for his phd in my lab by david philipona and concerns
              the nature of color










                  and space. david's work on color is particularly
              interesting because it predicts, better than ever before,
              well-known anthropologists' findings about why
              certain colors like red and yellow are considered more
              basic than colors like pink and purple. it also explains,
              better than previously, exactly which hues of red,
              yellow, blue and green seem "pure" to us. it seems to me
              that this work is getting very close to answering
              the age-old question of why red looks red rather than
              green. david philipona's work on space is also very
              fundamental and has applications to robotics. this work
              was continued further in the erc project (see below) with
              christoph witzel on color and alexander




                terekhov on space.


              other work done in my lab to test the sensorimotor
              approach was done by phd student aline bompas. she confirmed
              our prediction that the perceived quality of color should
              depend on eye movements. with students ed









                cooke and camila










                valenzuela moguillansky we also did work on 
              the "rubber hand illusion" and pain.




the erc "feel" project 2013-2019
from 2013 to 2019 i was financed by a european research
                council advanced project called "feel" to further
                advance the sensorimotor approach. one line of research
                led by jan degenaar and david silverman involved comparing




                  the approach to other frameworks for understanding
                consciousness by situating it with respect to 
                “enactive” and more mainstream (e.g.
                representationalist) approaches, and by exploring and
                defending its unique explanatory advantages. as a first
                practical application of the approach, a mathematical
                line of research led by alexander terekhov showed how
                the notion of space can emerge in a system that
                uses coincidence detection to capture sensorimotor
                invariants. further development of this work with
                guglielmo montone had applications in robotic sensor
                calibration and gave rise to advances in deep learning.
                the sensorimotor theory also had much to say about the perceived




                  nature of color, and numerous papers were
                published with christoph witzel about how the approach
                relates to classical color theory. one interesting
                application concerned the well-known color-switching
                internet meme #thedress. other practical
                applications of the feel project concerned 
                “sensory substitution” or “sensory augmentation”,
                in particular the possibility of using tactile
                stimulation on the fingertips to help with auditory
                speech deficits (with alexander terkhov and aurora
                rizzi). the project also developed and tested a device
                that provides a “sense of north” using auditory input,
                and another device that augments perception of speech
                through tactile input (with frank schumann, christoph
                witzel and annika lübbert. finally with jacqueline
                fagard, lisa jacquey, and sergiu popescu the project
                investigated how 3-9 month old babies use
                sensorimotor invariants to understand the structure of
                their bodies, a question relevant not just to psychology
                but also to robotics. 

the “feel” project employed 9 postdocs, published more
                than 60 papers, and organised 7 international workshops.
                it generated an erc “proof of concept” project
                “feelspeech” on sensory augmentation, and was closely
                involved with the eu fetopen project “goalrobots” and
                the pathfinder project "im-twin".


                  here are extracts from the final report of the
                feel project, and its list
                  of publications. the original website of the
                project is also preserved inside the site whatfeelingislike.net.

 

resources for sensorimotor
                theory

my website whatfeelingislike.net
                provides detailed resources for the sensorimotor
                approach with long
                and short
                    talks that i have given about it and a roadmap




                      and bibliography with the key
                references and describing how it developed over the
                years. 

the website also contains the original website for the
                erc feel project, with extracts from the final




                  report and the project's publication




                  list.



change










                    blindness demonstrations 
(feel free to copy
                  these demos but if you use them in presentations or
                  publications, please be so kind as to credit j. kevin
                  o'regan and mention this website
                  http://www.kevin-oregan.net)
change blindness is a phenomenon in which a very large
                change in a picture will not be seen by a viewer, if the
                change is accompanied by a visual disturbance that
                prevents attention from going to the change location.
                the easiest way to demonstrate change blindness is to
                take a picture, and change some object in it. if you
                view the original and the changed picture in sequence,
                but with some brief visual disturbance like a blank
                field or "flicker" in between the original and changed
                picture, the change sometimes is quite hard to see:
with flicker the change is hard
                  to see
if you take out the blank field however, then the
                change pops out immediately:

without flicker
                  the change is easy to see
instead of using a flicker, it is possible also to use
                small disturbances like mudsplashes on a car windscreen:
a mudsplash also can mask a big
                  change
you can also get change blindness by making the change
                so slow that attention is not captured by the changing
                element, as shown by this animation by my ex-student
                renaud chabrier. as much as 1/4 of the picture changes
                here:
change
blindness










                              to a very slow change
if the change is part of what is the center of interest
                of the picture, attention is more likely to go to that
                part of the picture, and the change is easier to detect,
                as here:
the change is easy to see if it
                is part of the "center of interest"
the change can also be very difficult to detect if it
                occurs in a film sequence at the moment of a film cut.
                this is brilliantly shown by an ad by the london
                transport office warning that cyclists can sometimes be
                very hard to see if you do not happen to be attending to
                them:
change blindness in a film sequence
daniel simons at the beckman
                institute in illinois has made wonderful demonstrations of this kind of
                thing occurring in real life. some portion of road
                traffic accidents may occur because a small, brief
                distracting event (e.g. a windshield wiper or mudsplash
                crossing the visual field) masks a change (like a child
                running into the street).
here are some more demos of change blindness, of
                varying degrees of difficulty.
maoris
                  (mudsplash)
gunner (mudsplash)
street
                  (mudsplash)
sailboat
                  (flicker)
nurses
                  (flicker)
big fish
                  (flicker)
desert fort
                  (flicker)
bus (flicker)
barn (flicker)
some other change blindness demos:
flicker and
                                mudsplash demos
from 
                                nature article and
                                supplementary info on change blindness
                                caused by "mudsplashes".
change blindness
                                to very slow changes (needs
                                shockwave plugin).
see also the change
                                  detection database, and ron rensink's
                                demos.

inattentional blindness
change blindness should be distinguished from
                "inattentional blindness". inattentional blindness is a
                phenomenon in which you are looking at a video sequence
                or real life event, and your attention is so captured by
                the task you are doing that something totally obvious,
                perfectly visible, and that you may actually be looking
                at directly, is not noticed. transport for london
                has a demonstration of this on youtube.
this demo is actually a copy of an even more striking 
                  "gorilla" demo that was made by daniel
                simons, which itself was based on an experiment
                performed by neisser and becklen. you can find all
                this and more demos of inattentional blindness on dan simons'
                  website. wikipedia also has an extended discussion
                on inattentional blindness.

inattentional blindness is at the basis of one of the
                main causes of road accidents: people "look but fail to
                see" (lbfts) some quite obvious and perfectly visible
                obstruction in the road.
my collaborator malika auvray has made a nice alternative
                  version of simon's "gorilla" video. you must track
                the coin and see if you can accurately determine which
                cup it ends up under. only after you've done it,
                read the very small print at the bottom of this page here 





                  









nivek
      collection balnéaire 1998


 
read here
        after having watched malika auvray's coin video: did you see the green pepper?
            look at the video again if you didnt.











 

view
my










      stats


