






















home - versatility in poodles, inc. : versatility in poodles, inc.























































search






























versatility in poodles, inc.















home
about vip

vip membership
vip bylaws
fundraisers
contact us


certificates
education
health
research
find a poodle
resources
versatile poodles






dedicated to the health, education, and performance of poodles












welcome to vip
the mission of versatility in poodles is to link and serve those people who wish to protect and advance the interests of the poodle as a versatile and healthy dog.








health. 
to encourage and to promote the breeding of the purebred poodle as a healthy, sound, long-lived, and energetic dog.


poodle health








education. 
to educate owners, breeders, and the public in the care, training and breeding of the purebred poodle such that their natural qualities are brought to maximum potential in a humane and caring manner.


education








performance.
to support versatile performance by conducting events and programs which protect and advance the interests of the poodle as versatile healthy dogs.


versatile poodles








people.
to maintain among and by our members the highest spirit of cooperation and devotion to the principles of good sportsmanship and the humane care and training of poodles.


membership










2024 is a vip calendar year!
order yours here
this corporation is organized as a non-profit corporation. no part of the corporation’s earnings shall inure to the benefit of its members or officers.
this site is developed and maintained for you.
we strive to meet your needs. we support health research and provide educational material.  we encourage and promote the breeding of the purebred poodle as a healthy, sound, long-lived and energetic dog.   we seek to maintain the highest spirit of cooperation and good sportsmanship and the humane care and training of poodles.
please browse this site to learn about poodles, breeding, purchasing a dog, educating your dog and yourself about all things poodle and the latest information about the health and genetic diseases of poodles.









join our team
if you have found this site to be helpful please consider becoming a member, purchasing from our current fundraisers, or making a tax deductible contribution to our research and/or educational fund. benefits of membership include: the newsletter; the opportunity to participate in the direction of the organization; participation in cutting-edge health and training information; participation in the member-only vip email list with timely discussions and personal assistance with training, problem solving, and health issues by our experts and much more.
to make a donation via paypal, please click the donate button:
 
 





versatility in poodles, inc. membership policy statement
membership in versatility in poodles, inc., is in no way intended to confer approval or endorsement of any member’s breeding practices.
vip is committed to educating the poodle community and supporting poodle-specific health research.vip is an open club with appropriate memberships, associate memberships and linked memberships approved upon application.
although applicants for membership in versatility in poodles, inc., agree to abide by its code of ethics, it is as much the responsibility of the puppy buyer to thoroughly research the breeder’s ethics and practices as it is the responsibility of the breeder to research the ethics and intentions of the buyer.
vip membership application
vip code of ethics














health research samples needed
your help is needed with canine health research.  dna and tissue samples are needed from healthy dogs and dogs affected by certain diseases.  the dogs are not harmed (cheek swab or blood draw) and people as well as dogs benefit. purebred dogs are used by researchers to discover cures for people.
take time today to see how you can give back to the breed you love.

learn more...













































































































home
about vip
certificates
education
health
research
find a poodle
resources
versatility


members only







versatility in poodles, inc.


						dedicated to the health, education and performance of poodles


   


credits


					© copyright 1994 - 2025 
					versatility in poodles, inc.








the information contained in these documents is current at the time of this writing and is accurate to the best of vip’s knowledge.



this information has been provided to you at no charge.  you are free to use it provided it is used in its entirety with no changes or alterations and that the copyright remains intact.  if you have found this information to be helpful, please consider making a tax-deductible donation to:
versatility in poodles
4061 highlands rd
franklin, nc 28734
send paypal donations to: https://www.paypal.me/versatilityinpoodles.
for more information about vip, you may contact vip officers at http://www.vipoodle.org/about-vip/contact-us/.
this document provided by versatility in poodles at http://www.vipoodle.org/.



the contents of the www.vipoodle.org website, such as text, graphics, images, and other material contained on this site (“content”) are for informational purposes only. the content is not intended to be a substitute for professional veterinarian advice, diagnosis, or treatment. always seek the advice of your veterinarian with any questions you may have regarding the medical condition of your pet. never disregard professional advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this website!
if you think your pet has a medical emergency, call or visit your veterinarian or your local veterinary emergency hospital immediately. versatility in poodles and www.vipoodle.org do not recommend or endorse any specific veterinarians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on this website. reliance on any information appearing on this website is entirely at your own risk.



					© copyright 1994 - 2025 
					versatility in poodles, inc.





