

+design lab+













design 
        lab manages the entire process from design to final production, 
        which means cost savings and a much quicker
turnaround time...and less administration 
        for you.





 












































 







the 
                    above are a few of the core products we offer, contact neil 
                    for any other products you require for your next campaign 
                    or promotion. 

                    we have long term associations with several key factories 
                    in china to bring you the most competitive prices, lead times, 
                    distribution and management of the entire production process. 
                    




 





















































 neil 
                          from design lab interview
neil venkataramiah (below) group account director 
                          and coo at design lab, is an industry leader with 14 
                          years expertise in the mechanics of apparel design and 
                          production.

                          in this international design book, published by idn 
                          in hong kong, neil is profiled and interviewed about 
                          the nuances of producing the deceptively simple t-shirt. 
                          

                          read the full interview here.


















neil 
              venkataramiah
              group account director
              design lab
              suite 514,
              50-58 macleay st
              potts point
              nsw 2011
              australia

              t: +61 2 9332-1450 (ext. 24)
              f: +61 2 9332-1457
              m: +61 412 449 887

neil@designlabco.com

http://www.designlabco.com




 











some 
                  t-shirt graphics we've designed.





style 
                  guide of some custom designs.











design 
                  & production of a range for midori.





t-shirt 
                  graphics based on tv1 shows. 











t-shirt 
                  graphics based on tv1 shows.





10 
                  t-shirt graphics designed for adio, us.












produce 
                  jackets for kylie's entourage





design 
                  & production, sydney film festival tee













design 
                      lab monitors the freight and logistics of your product from 
                      the factory floor to your various markets.we also offer 
                      management of distribution and kitting, direct to your various 
                      destinations and packcentres around australia.

















design 
                      lab has a screenprinting division fully 
                      integrated into the production process, offering far superior 
                      turnaround times and reduced costs. we offer every type 
                      of print method, from plastisol print to iron on transfer 
                      and foil printing. 

                      it is a seemless part of the production process, so when 
                      you order a garment with screenprinting, it's all produced 
                      through us, no middle men, no time wasting, no extra management. 
                      it's only us at the coal face!










 












custom 
                  scarf 
                  for australian idol.





custom 
                  striped female cut polo.













the 
                  design lab basic cotton shirt, in a wide range 
                  of colours or dyed to suit your pms match.









 


the 
                    design lab custom polo, in a wide range of 
                    colours, stripe designs and widths to suit your creative direction. 
                    this is our specifically designed fit, in a male and female 
                    block, with a cotton drill collar. 

                    we can produce a woven neck label with your design, and embroider 
                    the polo to complete the total package.
















design 
                    lab offers a full start-to-finish toy 
                    production service for agencies and companies direct. we can 
                    design the toy (or you supply your design), we produce the 
                    toy, create the packaging, and manage the freight to your 
                    door. a one stop process. some recent clients have included 
                    red bull and bridgestone.

                    design lab also produced the first book in the world on the 
                    designer toy phenomenon, our successful book called vinyl 
                    will kill! (published by idn, below). it was wallpaper 
                    magazine's book of the month, and is now in its second print 
                    run around the world. 

                    we are one of the leading authorities in the world on the 
                    difficult process of toy design & production. by intergrating 
                    the entire process, we save you time, management hours, & 
                    costs.










  




