







 


interscan welcomes you to the official halimeter® website















































 







skip to content



(360) 833-8835contact us
search:










halimeter®
used in the diagnosis and treatment of chronic halitosis

home halimeter® productsthe halimeter® plus — measure bad breath scientifically  tech centercalibration procedure experts’ forumvideos from dr. harold katz videos from others  customer service faqs operating instructions & downloadable manuals knowledge base products used to treat bad breath  media & marketingmarketing ideas for the halimeter® dentist bad breath and the halimeter® in the media!news and variety show videos  websites of some halimeter® users  where to purchase halimeter® products 



 
home halimeter® productsthe halimeter® plus — measure bad breath scientifically  tech centercalibration procedure experts’ forumvideos from dr. harold katz videos from others  customer service faqs operating instructions & downloadable manuals knowledge base products used to treat bad breath  media & marketingmarketing ideas for the halimeter® dentist bad breath and the halimeter® in the media!news and variety show videos  websites of some halimeter® users  where to purchase halimeter® products 




interscan corporation welcomes you to the official halimeter® websiteyou are here:home 

















interscan’s halimeter® product line is the internationally recognized clinical standard, used in the diagnosis and treatment of chronic halitosis (oral malodor).
if you are a dental professional, seeking more information on this new and expanding field, you have come to the right place. here you will find information on the halimeter® product line, of course, but we also feature technical articles, marketing tips, a comprehensive list of specialized products used to treat oral malodor, and links to hundreds of dentists using halimeter® products in their practice.
if you are a health care consumer suffering from bad breath, looking for some straight talk on the subject, you’ve also come to the right place. this website is the internet’s clearinghouse for information on the treatment of oral malodor. the good news is that your condition is curable in virtually 100% of all cases. our best advice is for you to consult your dentist, or check if there is a halimeter dentist in your area. please contact us for more information.
since the very existence of all halimeter® products is grounded in evidence-based dentistry, everything you see on this website is supported by hard, empirical science.
we’re constantly adding content, so do come back often—and please scroll down to sign up for our newsletter!






join our mailing list! (your e-mail address will never be given or sold to any other party) just type your name and e-mail address in the box below, and then click on “subscribe to our newsletter” 

email address

data storage consent*this form collects your email address so we can add you to our newsletter list. checkout our privacy policy for more information.

i consent to my submitted data being collected and stored.

 



















 informationen in deutscher
 para más información en español
 para mais informação em português
 per più informazioni nell’italiano
 voor meer informatie in nederlands
      (link)
the above links should not imply that full halimeter® documentation is available in these languages. factory documentation and software are available in english only, unless otherwise noted.


















							phone: (360) 833-8835 | fax: 360-833-1914copyright ©1996- interscan corporation. all rights reserved.all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
						


home halimeter® productsthe halimeter® plus — measure bad breath scientifically  tech centercalibration procedure experts’ forumvideos from dr. harold katz videos from others  customer service faqs operating instructions & downloadable manuals knowledge base products used to treat bad breath  media & marketingmarketing ideas for the halimeter® dentist bad breath and the halimeter® in the media!news and variety show videos  websites of some halimeter® users  where to purchase halimeter® interscan corporation footer menu








go to top
















































