









camera systems & fleet management: school bus & commercial fleets






































































 















homeproducts





driver assistance & safety

adas & collision avoidance360° camera systemcamera observationpassenger safety announcement playersemergency lighting module 
 


infotainment

radiosdigital media playerslcd monitorspa systemswired/wireless microphones 
 


surveillance & fleet management

camerasdvrsvideo management softwarearmor™ software suitestop-arm solutions360° camera system 
 
 

newssupport & warrantyabout





current openings 


contact us!  800.228.9275 


about us 
 

 


select page


  
 



 



 














innovative fleet solutions: camera systems, fleet management software, video monitors, radios and accessories to advance transportation.
request a quote
 

 





 
 
 
 




innovation
our team of in-house engineers uses the most advanced technology and testing methods available to create fleet camera systems, collision avoidance systems and more equipment for trucks, buses, or commercial vehicles.
 
 


qualityevery solution is tested to ensure durability and reliability. rei’s business management system is registered to the iso 9001:2015 quality standards.
 
 


service
rei provides live, in-house support with expert, knowledgeable staff prepared to answer your questions about our school bus, transit bus, and commercial vehcile fleet camera systems, management software, or any of our other equipment.
 
 
 


rei serves the following markets:
 
 
 




school bus
 
 



motorcoach
 
 



transit
 
 



commercial bus
 
 





commercial truck







 
 



agriculture & construction
 
 
 


testimonials
 


“unfortunately, we had a break-in at one of our transit yards. two of our buses were stolen from the yard and abandoned in a remote location. when we arrived on-scene to retrieve the buses, they had been severely vandalized. the criminals must have seen the cameras because they had pulled the dvr boxes out of the buses, doused them in gasoline and set them on fire. we had assumed the hard drives were a lost cause at first but we pulled them anyway to see if there was anything salvageable. we plugged in the hard drives and were surprised that all of the video was still there. there were no glitches or damage to quality due to the fire. we are glad that the rei product we chose is so durable and reliable.” 
rich green
transit manager, the bus transit joint powers authority for merced county
 
 
 
 


rei news
 







 

driving transit forward: 4 reasons to install bus video monitors

in 2023, public transportation systems in the u.s. saw nearly 37 billion miles of travel, highlighting the massive number of passengers commuting daily. with expectations that these numbers will only continue to rise, transit operators face growing opportunities to... 
read more  

 
 





 

cloud-based fleet management software should include armor cloud

here's why.today’s cloud-based fleet management software captures volumes of information. it also demands server management and data storage capabilities. however, bus operations may lack the know-how and it infrastructure. the answer: a cloud service. reliance on the... 
read more  

 
 





 

agriculture, construction and commercial solutions

 mitigate risks and stay connected with heavy-duty, audio/video, and safety solutions by rei. our truck, bus, and tractor cameras, backup cameras, safety equipment, and other innovative solutions are engineered and manufactured for... 
read more  

 
 
 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 




contact us
6534 l st omaha, ne 68117 

402.339.2200 | 

800.228.9275

info@radioeng.com
	  search

search for:



  follow us 



 

    
 






homefleet solutionscontact us!  800.228.9275current openingsprivacy policy 
 


© rei 2021-2023  

 
 
 






































