






 

vermont bar association




































































































skip to content



call us at 802-223-2020   email us
search:







job centermember loginfastcasevba blog












vermont bar association
vermont’s professional association of attorneys, serving the public and the profession for over 240 years
serving the public and the profession 
online directoryneed a lawyer?

about usmission and history board of managers board meetings opportunities to serve our team surveys media inquiries vermont bar foundation vermont county bar presidents vba blog vba news  sections/divisions/committeessection and division chairs reports & publications vba connect  for attorneysjoin the vba member benefits online directory vermont lawyer incubator program vba loan repayment assistance program join the lawyer referral service vermont bar association mentor advice program fee dispute information top tips for new admittees serve the community attorney well being practice resources vermont bar journal  clecle calendar & on-demand digital library catalogue* first-year cle requirements for newly admitted attorneys brown bag law study notary public training (non-vba members) cle information & tracking teleseminars & audio webcasts  for the publicfind a lawyer pro bono/legal services self-help resources publications & helpful forms notary public training client security fund fee dispute information constitution day list of foreclosure mediators  advertising / sponsorshipvba classifieds advertise with us member news become a sponsor or exhibitor order vba publications  




 
about usmission and history board of managers board meetings opportunities to serve our team surveys media inquiries vermont bar foundation vermont county bar presidents vba blog vba news  sections/divisions/committeessection and division chairs reports & publications vba connect  for attorneysjoin the vba member benefits online directory vermont lawyer incubator program vba loan repayment assistance program join the lawyer referral service vermont bar association mentor advice program fee dispute information top tips for new admittees serve the community attorney well being practice resources vermont bar journal  clecle calendar & on-demand digital library catalogue* first-year cle requirements for newly admitted attorneys brown bag law study notary public training (non-vba members) cle information & tracking teleseminars & audio webcasts  for the publicfind a lawyer pro bono/legal services self-help resources publications & helpful forms notary public training client security fund fee dispute information constitution day list of foreclosure mediators  advertising / sponsorshipvba classifieds advertise with us member news become a sponsor or exhibitor order vba publications  














 
2025 mym bannerhappy president’s dayclick for a nibble of history!legislative updatelegislative update 
stay current as the vba guides you through the legislative session with the latest news, bill updates and more!
mindful moments for wellness banner1feb 4 & 18*mar 18* 









our mission
the vermont bar association promotes the highest standards of skill, ethics and professionalism within an inclusive legal profession; fosters understanding and respect for the rule of law; supports equal access to a fair and effective system of justice; and provides valuable resources to its members.


member loginbecome a membercalendarneed a lawyer?


bar news






2025 judicial retention schedule announced

february 7, 2025
vermont’s superior court judges serve six-year terms and are then subject to a judicial retention process. the joint committee on…

read more



results for the 8th annual vba martin luther king, jr. middle school poster-essay contest

january 22, 2025
each year, a committee comprised of representatives from the vba staff, the vba diversity section, and the vba young lawyers…

read more



court announces judicial nominating board election results

january 15, 2025
three attorney members have seats on the judicial nominating board, including an at-large seat, a northern seat and a southern…

read more



do you know a vermont attorney who deserves an award for pro bono work?  read on

january 10, 2025
nominations are now open for candidates for vba’s annual pro bono service award.  the award is given each year to…

read more



upcoming events



 


















updates




sponsors

 


 

alpstechnology consultants, inc.  




 


 
 
 
 











 vermont bar association
po box 100, montpelier
vt 05601-0100

 p. (802) 223-2020
f. (802) 223-1573
e. info@vtbar.org

 








					2025 vermont bar association
                

website and ams powered by intellinx, inc. ©






go to top
























































