


	ecni - equality commission for northern ireland












  























skip to main content


in order to provide complete functionality, this web site needs your explicit consent to store browser cookies. if you don't allow cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of the web site including but not limited to: log in, buy products, see personalized content, switch between site cultures. it is recommended that you allow all cookies.





 















about us


contact us


site map





text only



a
a
a



colour contrast




 






browse aloud







english


latviski


lietuvių


polski


português


slovenčina


 

 

 







equality commission northern ireland





                            tel 028 90 500 600




                        

search
search for:







 

 






follow us on twitter


view our youtube channel










individuals




                                        i have a work related problem
                                    



                                        i have a problem with a service
                                    



                                        i have a problem with an education service
                                    



 





                                    individuals
                                




                                unsure of your equality rights or the law? we can provide advice and assistance for people who feel they have been discriminated against.
                            



                                                i have a work related problem
                                            



                                                i have a problem with a service
                                            



                                                i have a problem with an education service
                                            










employers & service providers




                                        small business
                                    



                                        large business
                                    



                                        public authorities
                                    



 





                                    employers & service providers
                                




                                want to stay on the right side of the law? we support businesses and public authorities and help them to promote good practice.
                            



                                                small business
                                            



                                                large business
                                            



                                                public authorities
                                            










delivering equality




                                        addressing inequality
                                    



                                        consultation responses
                                    



                                        protecting rights after brexit
                                    



 





                                    delivering equality
                                




                                how is our work influencing life in northern ireland and delivering equality?  learn more about our policy, legal and research work.
                            



                                                addressing inequality
                                            



                                                consultation responses
                                            



                                                protecting rights after brexit
                                            






 

 



individuals news




            traveller parents settle case against mid ulster district council
          






        race discrimination case supported by the equality commission
    





            staff christmas event results in sexual harassment case
          






        equality commission press release
    





            tesco pays £45,000 to settle sexual harassment case
          






        equality commission press release
    


view all news relating to individuals 



service providers news




            new guidance: supporting autistic people in employment
          






        how to be an inclusive employer






 
    





            tips for an enjoyable christmas work party for everyone
          






        blog by alden henderson, director of advice and compliance, equality commission ni
    





            updated guidance in relation to section 75 and budgets
          






        updated guidance in relation to section 75 and budgets
    


view all news relating to service providers 



delivering equality news




            blog: a new chapter for racial equality in northern ireland?
          






        blog by paul noonan, senior policy officer, equality commission ni
    





            call for action on international day of persons with disabilities
          






        the two commissions have called for immediate action to address human rights and equality failings that are impacting the lives of disabled people in northern ireland.  
    





            draft corporate plan 2025-2028:   we want to hear from you
          






        our draft corporate plan 2025-2028 consultation
    


view all news relating to delivering equality 


 










news


blog


podcasts


publications


legislation


data protection & privacy


accessibility statement


terms of use







choose a newsletter
stakeholders
employers/service providers
public authorities







 


 

 




                                    equality commission
for northern ireland
equality house
7-9 shaftesbury square
belfast bt2 7dp




                                



telephone: 028 90 500 600
 



e: information@equalityni.org


















 

 


                                © copyright 2025
                            

 

 

















