














mobility solutions uk | cyclone mobility







































 

























unit 20 heron industrial estatewidnes, wa8 0sw



main office number
0800 180 4850



available 10am – 4pm
monday – friday










lightweight wheelchairs
power attachments
fes bikes
off-road wheelchairs
multigym
motorised wheels












 











lightweight wheelchairs

from offcarr, aria, and gtm







power attachments

from batec mobility







all-terrain wheelchairs

from quadrix







exercise equipment

multigyms and fes bikes







special offers

and used products







rehabilitation & mobility solutions uk

cyclone mobility is the leading provider of rehabilitation and mobility solutions across the uk, offering a wide range of innovative products and services to improve the quality of life for individuals with disabilities. our dedicated team of experts is committed to delivering personalised solutions that empower individuals to regain their independence and enjoy a more active lifestyle. with our extensive knowledge and experience in the industry, we understand the unique challenges faced by individuals seeking rehabilitation and increased mobility.
at cyclone mobility, we take pride in being able to provide cutting-edge equipment and services that cater to the specific needs of each individual, ensuring the best possible outcomes. whether you require an ultra lightweight wheelchair, motorised wheels for wheelchairs, or power wheelchair attachments, our comprehensive range of mobility solutions can transform your life and help you regain your freedom. with cyclone mobility by your side, you can confidently embark on a journey towards a healthier, more fulfilling life.













offcarr themis prestige





equalizer 6000





batec scrambler 2







fes bikes





batec hibrid 2





gtm endeavour









“we’re challenging the norms when it comes to disability. we have the unique combination of expertise, personal experience and market-leading products to help you return to active living.”





stuart dunne

founder
c6-7 tetraplegic









customer reviews










with the right wheelchair, we can go where we want, and be what we want and our disabilities can be surpassed. this is how i feel when i’m in my aria. it is like no other wheelchair on the planet.
- sophie morgan










cyclone’s service is absolutely second-to-none. their ethos is about getting you out and about as quick as they can – it’s fantastic. i fully recommend cyclone and batec as it’s changed my life.
- peter lau










for the first time in a long while i felt fully independent. i don’t think i stopped smiling until 2 days later. the batec has changed the way i work completely.
- mark lane







followfollowfollowfollow



 










submit an enquiry









name


email address


contact number


postcode


message




submit













© 2024 cyclone mobility



useful links

charitable funding
special offers
used products
terms and conditions



followfollowfollowfollow



 





 






















