



	suburban - rv water heaters, furnaces, ranges & cooktops






































search
















rv owners


dealer/service


oem


products


support


about


contact


















travel in comfort
high performance furnaces, water heaters, and appliances
explore our products















leading the rv industry with high-quality furnaces, innovative water heaters and first-class kitchen/galley appliances
find the latest style trends and state-of-the-art features in suburban’s elite line of rv furnaces, wall and water heaters and indoor and outdoor cooking appliances. bring the comfort of home on the road for rv experiences undaunted by cold water, cold weather, or confined cooking spaces. at suburban we challenge our engineers to design rv components with our customers in mind for products that truly elevate the rv experience. since 1947, suburban has been delivering cutting edge products for the ever-growing diversity of rv lifestyles. today, find the best of 75 years of product development among the lines of rv climate control, water heating, and cooking components manufactured by suburban, located in dayton, tennessee.
why choose suburban?

superior interior heating with low noise performance in a variety of furnace and wall heater models for mobile or stationary vehicles and trailers
a wide selection of tank and tankless rv water heaters including the only replacement for 6-gallon atwood/dometic water heaters still on the market
high-end appliances for the rv gourmet with unparalleled features including residential size ranges, induction cooktops and outdoor kitchens
75 years of expertise and experience in the rv industry behind every product
warranty back products with some of the best warranties in the rv industry
first rate customer service unmatched by competitors









rv audiences















rv owners
										
with customer satisfaction at the forefront of everything we do, airxcel helps rv owners stay comfortable on the road with industry exclusive products built for the rv lifestyle.
read more 













dealer/service
										
we work with dealers and service centers to improve the rv experience for all with expert support, in demand product lines, and ongoing educational/training opportunities.
read more 













oem
										
a committed partner to oems since 1991 offering innovative rv components that enhance the end customer’s experience. partner with the best to build the best.
read more 


















facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube






home


service/support


product training


blog


about


contact us


careers



kitchen & galley
water heating
climate control



privacy policy
cookie policy
terms and conditions
accessibility
conflict minerals policy
minimum advertised price policy






airxcel.com | aqua-hot | cleer vision windows | coleman-mach | dicor products | invision | maxxair | mcd | suburban | united shade | velarium | vixen composites | airxcel europe | cv tempered glass











©2025 suburban, an airxcel brand - all rights reserved | 676 broadway street, dayton, tennessee 37321 |  phone: (423) 775-2131























