



twilightbridge - the holiday portal












home
blog
gallery
about us
contact us













valentine's day - 14th february

            a day for which loving hearts and souls of all ages wait all year round.
a day which has given the courage to many, to ask "will u be my valentine?"
a day which has kept our love and loving souls evergreen down the ages.
join us in our valentine celebrations at twilight bridge. 

the story of st. valentine. a young frenchman, charles, duke of orleans, was one of the earliest creators of valentines, called "poetical or amorous addresses."  from his confinement in the tower of london after the battle of agincourt in 1415, he sent several poems or rhymed love letters or "valentines" to his wife in france. 


read more




 



st. patrick's day - 17th march

history of st. patrick's day
saint patrick was a christian missionary and the apostle of ireland. he was born around 385 ad near dumbarton in scotland the son of a roman nobleman. his real name is believed to have been maewyn succat;
read more
taste of irish humor
two drunks coming home, stumbled up the country road in the dark. "faith, mike, we've stumbled into the graveyard and here's the stone of a man lived to the age of 103!" "glory be, patrick and was it anybody we knew?" "no, 'twas someone named 'miles from dublin'!"
read more





 



easter 5th - 8th april

history of easter
easter is the principal festival of the christian church year. the origins of easter date to the beginnings of christianity, and it is probably the oldest christian observance after the sabbath (originally observed on saturday, later on sunday). later, the sabbath subsequently came to be regarded as the weekly celebration of the resurrection.
 
read more
easter eggs - down the ages
the easter egg predates the christian holiday of easter. the custom may have its origin in paganism, for a great many pagan customs, celebrating the return of spring, gravitated to easter. the exchange of eggs in the springtime is a custom that was centuries old when easter was first celebrated by christians.  
read more





 



mother's day

origin of mother's day
some historians claim that the predecessor of the mother's day holiday was the ancient spring festival dedicated to mother goddesses. in the ancient greek empire the spring festival honored rhea, wife of cronus and mother of the gods and goddesses. in rome the most significant mother's day-like festival was dedicated to the worship of cybele, another mother goddess. 
read more
hilarious words of motherly wisdom
thomas edison's mother: "of course i'm proud that you invented the electric light bulb, thomas. now turn off that light and get to bed!"

 


read more





 
 
 

 




festive food

recipe and menus for the festive season, create the perfect dish and add spice to the festivities.
    		
read more




travel the world

take a break from the hum drum of daily life and go away somewhere special. travel the world through the eyes of photographer dr. manaan kar ray and make your pick. 
    		
read more




email and other free goddies









 email 
              login



password










new 
                users sign up!


















more info
for holidays round the year visit our festive fever pages, you will hind holidays not just from each and every religion (christian, hindu, islamic, jewish, buddhist, etc.) but also from every region of the world from the far east to the americas.







miscellanious




conquer stress 
quit smoking
mental health 
icons with mental health problems 



contact us








1234 some street, brooklyn, ny 11201








phone:  1(234) 567 8910
				fax: 1(234) 567 8910








e-mail us





follow us





subscribe to blog

be a fan on facebook

rss feed

follow us on twitter







    copyright  2011. designed by flash templates
privacy policy | terms of use | xhtml | css




