     peabody acura, audi, bmw, mercedes-benz, mini, porsche dealer in peabody ma | burlington massachusetts new hampshire acura, audi, bmw, mercedes-benz, mini, porsche dealership massachusetts                                              






















lyon-waugh auto group







call
978-532-8300













7 centennial drive
peabody, ma 01960-7906
                                 







service







map







contact




























lyon-waugh auto group




      call 978-532-8300   directions    
                  locations   new   all new inventory   new acura inventory   new audi inventory   new bmw inventory   new electric inventory   new mercedes-benz inventory   new mini inventory     pre-owned   all pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned inventory   pre-owned acura inventory   pre-owned audi inventory   pre-owned bmw inventory   pre-owned mercedes-benz inventory   pre-owned mini inventory   pre-owned porsche inventory     all electric inventory   all electric inventory   electric vehicle information     van center   service & parts   service & parts   service locations   luxury vehicle service   car battery service in new england     specials   new acura specials   new mini specials     about us   about us   leadership team   contact us   hours & directions   careers at lyon-waugh   lyon waugh gives back   our blog   ccpa     lwag life   facebook   instagram   youtube   linkedin   bluefin blowout - benefiting alzheimer's    videos & events   what drives you                      home   locations   new   all new inventory   new acura inventory   new audi inventory   new bmw inventory   new electric inventory   new mercedes-benz inventory   new mini inventory     pre-owned   all pre-owned inventory   certified pre-owned inventory   pre-owned acura inventory   pre-owned audi inventory   pre-owned bmw inventory   pre-owned mercedes-benz inventory   pre-owned mini inventory   pre-owned porsche inventory     all electric inventory   all electric inventory   electric vehicle information     van center   service & parts   service & parts   service locations   luxury vehicle service   car battery service in new england     specials   new acura specials   new mini specials     about us   about us   leadership team   contact us   hours & directions   careers at lyon-waugh   lyon waugh gives back   our blog   ccpa     lwag life   facebook   instagram   youtube   linkedin   bluefin blowout - benefiting alzheimer's    videos & events   what drives you            



    inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock        new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model search       new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       new used      search       











































                                                   search new inventory     search used inventory        


our service centers
at lyon-waugh auto group, we know how essential it is to keep your vehicle in top condition. that’s why our team of highly skilled, factory-certified technicians is dedicated to delivering exceptional service with efficiency and care. whether you need a routine oil change or a complex transmission repair, we’re committed to providing one of the finest customer service experiences in new england for all vehicle owners.with seven dealership locations conveniently situated throughout the greater boston, ma, and new hampshire areas, we make it easy for you to access the high-quality service your vehicle deserves. explore our locations and schedule your service online today—we look forward to showing you our unwavering commitment to excellence.
service locations













lyon-waugh auto group pre-owned
lyon-waugh auto group is new england’s premier destination for exceptional pre-owned vehicles, including sedans, suvs, sports cars, convertibles, and more. with a vast selection of makes and models, we’re confident you’ll find the perfect pre-owned vehicle to fit your lifestyle.each vehicle in our pre-owned inventory is carefully selected and thoroughly inspected before being offered for sale. whether it undergoes the rigorous manufacturer certification process or our exclusive lyon-waugh certification, you can trust in the quality and reliability of every pre-owned vehicle we sell.explore our inventory online or visit one of our conveniently located sales centers today to experience the difference.
shop all pre-owned





     

 welcome to
 lyon-waugh auto group
your journey to luxury starts with our award-winning brands and team.
lyon-waugh auto group has been serving the new england area for over 30 years! we've been committed and continue to be committed to being the area's choice for everything automotive luxury-related. our extensive selection of new, used and certified pre-owned vehicles for sale will surely have a vehicle that is perfect for you. with dealerships located in peabody, ma, burlington, ma, bedford, nh and nashua, nh, we are conveniently located to all cities in massachusetts and new hampshire. whether you're looking for a new bmw for sale near boston, ma, a pre-owned mercedes-benz for sale near boston, ma or an electric car or suv, one of our dealerships will meet your needs. shop online today for a complete list of vehicles offered, including such makes as acura, audi, bmw, mercedes-benz, and mini.
we're looking forward to serving you and having you be a part of the lyon-waugh auto group family!
more about us

     



follow us on social media


                                 



                             no matter what you need for the road ahead, there's a lyon-waugh auto group dealership that's ready to help you out! drivers in boston, peabody, burlington, nashua, and all across massachusetts, new hampshire, and the surrounding region know they can count on us for all their needs. 


lyon-waugh auto group: honest service, fantastic prices
we've built our success as a business for over 30 years by treating every customer with honesty and integrity. pairing that stellar service with the best selections of new and pre-owned vehicles at the best prices has established us as the name locals trust.
with seven locations conveniently located throughout the area, we're always ready to assist you. stop in today to see what the most exceptional dealership experience in the massachusetts and new hampshire area has to offer.
award-winning customer service
everybody at our dealerships puts in plenty of hard work to give our customers a better experience, and that hard work has been recognized with a variety of awards. from the audi magna society award to the bmw center of excellence accolade, we're proud of the plaudits we've earned by going above and beyond for our customers.

service and financing

automotive care you can rely on
our dealership is your one-stop destination for everything you need on the road ahead in life, and that includes quality maintenance and repairs for your vehicle. our state-of-the-art facilities and highly trained mechanics will ensure your vehicle gets taken care of right.
financing experts who work for you
we want to help you save money without compromising on getting a quality vehicle that meets all your needs. our financing teams will take the time to get to know you and your current situation so we can help you get a loan or lease that is tailor-made to fit your budget.


top brands from our dealerships
mini
with the distinctive look of every vehicle in their lineup, mini isn't afraid to do things differently. the mini cooper's iconic style and sporty performance are a great example of what you'll get from this brand.
acura
quality that you can rely on for years to come is what you'll get when you purchase an acura as your next vehicle. premium sport sedans such as the acura tlx with its available 355-horsepower engine are the kind of high-end vehicles acura is known for.
bmw
sophistication that always stands out from the crowd makes bmw one of the most recognizable brands on the market. the exquisite design and spacious, comfortable interior of the bmw x3 is just one example of what bmw has to offer.
audi
those who crave sporty performance can't go wrong with any of the outstanding options available in the audi lineup. the signature quattro all-wheel drive system makes driving vehicles like the audi a7 an experience unlike any other.
porsche
driving a porsche will give you a stand-out style that will get everyone talking. the fluid curves and unique shape of vehicles like the porsche cayenne capture the unique personality that only porsche can give you.


                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy  | do not sell my personal information  | consent preferences | lyon-waugh auto group | 7 centennial drive, peabody, ma 01960-7906 | call: 978-532-8300             




















          