



cold spring harbor central school district / homepage








































 












































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

csh jr/sr high school
lloyd harbor school
west side school
goosehill primary school






sign in


search our site

















cold spring harbor central school district
responsive web design
each student....every day












home


budget 2020/21
"



budget



business office
"



budget



community
"
csh fire department
csh fish hatchery
csh laboratory
csh main street association
csh public library
csh whaling museum
dolan dna center
heckscher museum of art
huntington arts council
huntington historical society
huntington hospital
lloyd harbor historical society
north shore land alliance
transportation





contacts
"
staff directory


administrative contacts
e-mail guidelines
searchable directory



departments
"



departments



employment
"



employment opportunities at csh



our district
"
board of education
business office
code of conduct
communication protocols
data privacy and security
district budget and audits
district report card
district-wide safety plan
educational foundation
employment opportunities at csh
essa complaint policy
facilities
freedom of information
guidelines for elementary class size
harbor highlights
mission statement
previous communications
previous presentations
reopening of school
school directory
staff directory
technology - software list
technology ed law tracking tool
technology plan
testing transparency report
voting - absentee & early voting ballot applications
50th anniversary celebration
alumni
board of education goals 2019-2020
calendar
child care
district newsletters and annual reports
district profile
file cabinet (find a document)
important information
smart schools investments
teaching is the core


accolades & recognitions
administration
am i registered to vote?
appr information
board members
more



quick links
"




budget
"
budget vote results 2019


budget
new page



bond 2019
"
bond  projects



boe candidate info
"




budget 22/23
"


calendar




























if you are a cold spring harbor school district resident and want to receive email blasts from the district, please fill out this google form.  please note that if you currently have a student attending cold spring harbor schools, you do not need to complete this form; you are automatically on the email blast list.  thank you
link to form 
please use this link to view information on regionalization 
 


comments (-1)
















































quick links


absentee ballot application 

accolades & recognitions

am i registered to vote?

anonymous reporting system (7-12)

board of education

boe presentations

classlink

communication protocols

covid-19 related information

curriculum guides, k-8

directory

district communications

district newsletters

district presentations 

educational foundation

eschooldata (teacher login)

faculty e-mail pickup

find a document

harbor highlights

policies under review

registration - kindergarten 

registration - not kindergarten or upk

registration - upk

safety plan - district-wide

student portal

transportation

universal pre-kindergarten

weatherbug

weekly elementary flyers



















spotlight stories











literary luncheon featuring author shelby van pelt april 3 - save the date!



comments (-1)












save the date! sports night march 13



comments (-1)












soup-er bowl collections

thank you to our elementary schools for collecting so many soup cans again this year, marking the big game day of the super bowl by collecting for those in need in our local community. the donations were delivered to the helping hands rescue mission in huntington station. thank you to our families for supporting this collection with your generosity, and to the student council and ptg’s for organizing the drive and deliveries.

comments (-1)












it was a big “diehl” send off parade!

after 33 years of teaching, ms. diehl bade farewell to her lloyd harbor and west side students and colleagues. at lloyd harbor, ms. diehl shared her final “words of wisdom” on lhtv and to her surprise she opened the door only to find hallways crowded with the entire school bidding her farewell with flowers signs, balloons, hugs, cards and many tears. she traveled the hallways to find the entire school lined up cheering and clapping! at west side, an assembly was held on her last day there, filled with students sharing favorite memories, cards, flowers and so much love! ms. diehl began her career teaching kindergarten and fourth grade in queens and made her way closer to home when she arrived at lloyd harbor school in 1997. here she taught second and fourth grades before switching to the technology teacher position in 2015. at that point, ms. diehl also began to work at goose hill and west side schools, helping teachers and students embrace the many opportunities offered by coding, robotics and other aspects of technology. ms. diehl’s final messages to the children were to be kind to one another and never give up. ms. diehl has espoused those same qualities as a teacher and friend for over 30 years, and she will be missed. enjoy the next part of your adventure, ms. diehl!

comments (-1)












valentine's day

hoping everyone enjoyed a happy valentine's day! gratitude and love were shared throughout the buildings with "love" themed artwork, ps i love you day notecards spearheaded by lauren navarra, churros & chocolate bake sales by the spanish club, junior high student council dropped off valentine's day grams, west siders created cards for the white oaks rehabilitation center, along with so many other crafts at goosehill and lloyd harbor sent home shared with family and friends.

comments (-1)












author gordon korman visits lloyd harbor

there’s only one author whose books have an entire shelf in the lloyd harbor school library, and that is middle-grade writer gordon korman. his books are some of the most popular, particularly among fifth and sixth graders. how lucky he came to visit with the students! with his trademark sense of humor, mr.korman described how he wrote his first book as a 12-year old seventh grader (what!) and shared information about some of the 104 novels he has written since. korman read aloud from his latest book, old school, and shared writing advice with fourth, fifth, and sixth graders in three presentations on february 12. mr. korman advised that when writing creatively, students should consider the “what if?” possibilities, mine their own experiences, and use the power of observation. before and after speaking to the students, mr. korman signed almost 200 books for lhs students and staff. teachers and students are already asking when gordon korman can return!

comments (-1)












february board of education meeting

thank you to the community for coming out february 11 for the monthly board of education meeting. this month, it was a privilege to hear from our lloyd harbor student council who shared their enthusiasm for all the “latest and greatest” happenings at their school. it is always a pleasure to hear from our students. the board recognized brothers teddy and spencer boskoff (west side students) for their fundraising efforts for the ca wildfire victims. the boys were also invited to the town of huntington board meeting on the same evening, where they were presented with a proclamation for their service to helping others in need.  a special honor was bestowed by the college board who recognized melissa mclees with the ap computer science female diversity award representing excellence in computer science education and her commitment to promoting female students in the computer science principles program. cold spring harbor jr./sr. high school is proud to be one of only 847 institutions globally to receive this distinction for efforts in improving gender representation in stem fields. the board of education congratulated ms. mcclees on her dedication as a computer science teacher, and for her exceptional contributions to this achievement. superintendent joseph monastero shared, “melissa has inspired countless students through her passion for education and research, preparing them for bright futures in computer science and beyond. thank you, melissa, for your unwavering commitment to excellence and innovation in education. a full presentation was given on the district budget overview by assistant superintendent of business christine costa. the full meeting presentation was live streamed and can be accessed by clicking on the link below for all board of education meeting recordings: https://www.csh.k12.ny.us/page/11243...

comments (-1)












mama mia!

thank you to the cast and crew for entertaining us the weekend of february 7-9 with the production of the smash hit mamma mia! it’s the charming story of a mother, a daughter, three possible dads and a trip down the aisle you'll never forget! set on a greek island paradise based on songs recorded by the swedish group abba, the show explores themes of love, family and self-discovery… taking chances and risks to achieve your dreams. if you do, life might turn out better than you could ever have imagined! 

comments (-1)




more 




































































board of education next meeting
march 11, 2025 at 8:00 pmdistrict office
executive session: 6:00 pm
board of education pagebond project pagecshsd facebook page
















upcoming events





today

mid-winter recess (no school)





tomorrow

mid-winter recess (no school)





friday

mid-winter recess (no school)





february 26, 2025

6:00 pm
lhsptg grade 3 talent show 6 pm





february 27, 2025

5:00 pm
wsptg family bingo night 5 pm





february 28, 2025

ramadan begins at sundown





march 1, 2025

ramadan





march 4, 2025

9:45 am
septo meeting 9:45 am





march 5, 2025

9:30 am
ghptg meeting 9:30 am





march 6, 2025

lhsptg meeting 9:30 am





march 7, 2025

9:30 am
wssptg meeting 9:30 am






7:00 pm
wssptg talent show & ice cream social 7 pm (pac)





march 9, 2025

daylight saving time begins





march 11, 2025

8:00 pm
board of education meeting 7:30 pm




view calendar






































































address
75 goose hill road, cold spring harbor, ny 11724


phone
(631) 367-5900


fax





facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
pinterest
linked in
flickr
vimeo


site map

back to top



site map

back to top









contact joe monastero - jmonastero@csh.k12.ny.us with questions









questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close






















