




herndon fine art - limited editions, originals, and sculptures












 






 
 
  
     

    
     





    welcome
limited editions,
    originals, and sculptures from over 100 world renowned contemporary artists.
whether it is the purchase of a $100 limited edition or a $750,000+ original we can
    assist you in the acquisition of that prized piece of art.  established in 1987,
    we offer fine art sales, consignment, research, evaluation, and frame design services.
    we are regularly engaged in the sale of works of art on
    consignment, representing works from the private collections of the artist families,
    institutions, museums, individuals, and/or corporate collectors.  


3 reasons to buy from me:

1. every piece of art receives my personal verification of condition and authentication.
	2. i will not ship artwork that isn't in a condition i would accept into my own collection.
3. an a+ rating from the better business bureau

	
if you are interested in selling your artwork -- please click here for more information


***** the prices below are set by each seller based on their unique motivation to sell *****
	
	we have a low commission structure of only 20% above each sellers asking 
	price or a $250 minimum commission.  this allows us to provide buyers 
	with the best price, sellers a better opportunity to sell and still keep the 
	lights on.  in almost all cases artwork is shipped unframed (unless the artwork is on canvas or 3-dimensional), as i need to personally verify the artworks' authenticity and condition.

artwork that is shipped framed is shipped framed to protect the work during shipping. framing is considered used
	

note: inventory is continuously changing so view your
    favorite artists pages often.  for information on having your inventory added to our
    website, contact us at the address below. 







click on the link below and join us as a friend  
... and get up to date information on clients wanting pieces, clients selling pieces, clients buying pieces, 
clients changing prices on pieces ... 


 every client has different motivations 
for selling and as such we don't offer pricing on the pieces clients sell
if you are looking for the value of 
your limited edition artwork -- 
we have a $50 charge for certificates 
of value if you provide the title, the number of your piece, and an image of 
your artwork.  original one-of-a-kind pieces require a formal appraisal.  
please see our appraisal services page.


		if you are 
		interested in selling your artwork please click here for more 
		information
toll free: (800) 489-7930
direct: (719) 302-0991
efax: (310) 388-3213email address: 
info@herndonfineart.comemail address:
herndonfineart@yahoo.comemail address:
herndonfineart@gmail.com
salt of the body

artist's list
 
 







































































































































































































































































































