






atheist alliance international – for a secular world















































 














homeabout us

who we are history of aai transparency

our values campaign funding annual accounts donations policy 
 aai strategic framework our affiliates our advisory council bylaws position statements
atheism

what is atheism? is atheism a religion? can atheists be moral? famous atheists atheist bookfest
campaigns

atheist support network atheist refugee assistance program atheists at risk safehouse kasese humanist school
get involved

donate join aai affiliates make us smile! our shop vacancies
blog

world news from our affiliates secular world
contact usfacebooktwitter/x 














homeabout us

who we are history of aai transparency

our values campaign funding annual accounts donations policy 
 aai strategic framework our affiliates our advisory council bylaws position statements
atheism

what is atheism? is atheism a religion? can atheists be moral? famous atheists atheist bookfest
campaigns

atheist support network atheist refugee assistance program atheists at risk safehouse kasese humanist school
get involved

donate join aai affiliates make us smile! our shop vacancies
blog

world news from our affiliates secular world
contact usfacebooktwitter/x 



 













loginbecome a supporter 

enarenfrdeplptrues 












			learn more
		



about atheism





			get involved
		



volunteer here





			keep up-to-date
		



newsletter sign-up





			become a member
		



join here





			want to help right now?
		



make a donation





who we are
aai is a global federation of atheist groups and individuals. we are the only atheist group accredited with un special consultative status.





what we do
aai speaks up for atheists everywhere. we support atheists in danger and we educate people about atheism. our goal is a secular world.





aai annual report 2023/24
this year, atheist alliance international (aai) proudly celebrates an extraordinary milestone: 33 years of unwavering service and dedication as a volunteer-led organization. since its inception, aai has been committed to promoting secularism, supporting atheist communities, and defending human rights across the globe. achieving this longevity is a testament to the passion and resilience of our volunteers, supporters, and partners who share our vision of a world where freedom of thought and belief is a universal human right.

read more about our work last year ↠











homage to daniel dennett: champion of reason and enlightenment
daniel dennett has dedicated his life to the pursuit of truth and understanding, inspiring generations to come to follow in his footsteps and continue the quest for knowledge and enlightenment. as we honor his memory, let us recommit ourselves to the principles he held dear, knowing that with courage and conviction, we can build a world guided by reason and compassion, where ignorance fades and enlightenment flourishes.
read more ↠











i really want to thank aai for their continuous help after my husband’s (mubarak bala) disappearance since 28th april, 2020. aai has been helping me both financially and emotionally because mubarak was taken away when our son was 6 weeks old.mrs a mubarak, wife of mubarak bala





aai came to my aid from the very moment i have contacted them, emotionally, financially, and finally to safety. they did help me survive and supported me emotionally when i had no one to lean on! i will forever be thankful for them and will never forget what they did for me.solal mahdi ahmed, saudi arabian ex-muslim





atheist support network
do you have the freedom to believe or not believe in a religion? in many countries, nonbelievers do not have this freedom, and in thirteen countries, nonbelievers face arrest or a death sentence!
atheist alliance international has been working to help atheists and ex-muslims for years but we significantly ramped up our efforts in 2019 by developing the atheist support network (asn).
read more about this life-saving work ↠











latest facebook posts
 





please join as an aai supporter or make a donation
atheist alliance international is an organization of volunteers working to make the world more secular and a safe place for atheists. the income to support our work comes from our members and donors. please help us.
join as an aai supporter (there are five great reasons to)
or
make a one-off or regular donation, and we will put your money to good use. thank you!










atheism is a ground for asylum
in a very important decision by a greek court, atheism has been recognized as a legitimate ground for claiming asylum!  this is the first time a greek court has made this determination, and we believe, a first anywhere in the world. atheism is now recognised as a ground for the vulnerability of a person in a fundamentalist religious state.
it can now be argued, in europe at least, that atheists are at special risk in some islamic countries and, consequently, need to be protected.
full story here ↠











atheists in lebanon:
human rights violation report
our affiliate, freethought lebanon, has published a study called: “atheists in lebanon: human rights violations”. it is the first study of its kind itemizing discrimination against atheists, agnostics, and freethinkers in lebanon.
the findings of this study are presented in four sections.
full story here ↠











umar farouk is free!
today, prison guards escorted umar farouk to a kano court where he was handed over to our lawyers. sixteen-year-old umar had been found guilty of blasphemy in a kano magistrates court on august 10 and was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment with menial labor.
aai engaged a legal team in nigeria to appeal his sentence.
full story here ↠











atheist artist rescued
a persecuted lgbt, atheist was relocated from a muslim country with the assistance of our atheist support network and the generous support of donors like you… thank you.
full story here ↠











affiliate success
unhrc resolution condemns witchcraft


after six years of tireless effort by our affiliate, the maharashtra andhshraddha nirmulan samiti (mans), the witchcraft and human rights information network (whrin) and many ngo’s, universities, and subject matter experts, the un human rights council (unhrc) has unanimously approved a resolution ‘condemning witchcraft and harmful religious practices’ at its 47th session.


read more here ↠











know someone who loves books?
books are a wonderful present that can last a lifetime. we have curated a treasure trove of books on all aspects of atheism, and other topics too—including a selection of books suitable for kids.
many of these books will be especially valuable for people who are doubting their religion and for people who have recently discarded their religion and want to learn more.
see the full selection here ↠











     latest posts

stigmata of disbelief
humanists international’s worldwide survey of discrimination and persecution the freedom of thought report, continuously ranks turkey as having “systemic discrimination” where disbelief often leads to ...read more

statement by atheist alliance international: call for the immediate release of junaid hafeez
atheist alliance international (aai) is deeply concerned about the ongoing detention of junaid hafeez, a pakistani academic who has been imprisoned since 2013 on charges ...read more

aai affiliate members on the attack on the magdeburg christmas market.
aai affiliate members "secular refugee aid" and "central council of ex-muslims" issued the following statements on the appalling attack on the magdeburg christmas market: secular ...read more

aai board member charged with blasphemy
atheist alliance international (aai) is gravely concerned about the ongoing harassment and persecution of arif hussain theruvath, asia regional director of aai and a prominent ...read more

an investigation into 969 nationalist buddhist movement in burma
burma (myanmar) has been under the military dictatorship since 1962, the first one being a one party authoritarian socialist regime, followed by non-ideological military juntas ...read more

condolence notice
aai is deeply saddened to announce the passing of manoj white john, a respected journalist, writer, and activist, on september 3, 2024. as a former ...read more

not even their voices!
climate change and the accompanying prolonged summer laziness prevent us from realizing that in other parts of our planet there is a harsh winter - ...read more

atheist alliance international expresses deep concern over attacks on minority religious communities in bangladesh
august 5, 2024 atheist alliance international (aai) is profoundly disturbed by the ongoing attacks on the homes and temples of minority religious communities in bangladesh, ...read more

why did god save donald trump?
i'm ashamed to say it, and even more ashamed to have thought about it, but if i wanted to be completely honest with you, my ...read more
















follow us  
  
 





															© atheist alliance international terms & conditions
built and supported by studioexcel 

vacanciesvolunteercontact us



















































