



 




greater metro federal credit union		














































it's me 247 login▸
it's me 247 login▸
greater metro federal credit union

loans

mastercard®  credit cards
mortgages
personal loans
vehicle loans
loan calculators


products

checking
trustage auto & home insurance program
savings & investments
additional products and services
forms & applications


services

convenience services
membership
sg advantage information center


rates

current dividend rates
current loan rates
fee schedule


info

about us
annual reports
newsletters
contact us
tell me more!
availability to withdraw funds
privacy & security


quick links

mastercard®  credit cards
view mastercard® account
shared service centers
atm locators
reorder checks
e services
forms & applications
calculators


 
 
 


featured banners



















home featured promotions

apply for membership




read more



credit card deals




apply now!



super auto loans




see our rates






home featured posts





credit cards
11.49%
new & used auto loans
4.39%

check out our rates apr* as lows as:apr* = annual percentage rate







artie – audio response teller and information exchange system
members who use artie (our audio response teller and information exchange system) may have noticed a change recently. our core processor who manages this service made a few changes as they switched their phone provider.
when you call artie, you will hear a different woman’s voice that may have a different cadence since the new system is text-to-speech and reads all menu prompts.
some menu options have changed so please listen carefully.
please note that the new platform will not be able to read rates as of now, but this feature will be made available soon. we will update this message once this is done.
if you have not tried it’s me 247 online banking, this might be a good time to give it a try.
please call us if you have any questions, concerns or if you would like to enroll in artie or it’s me 247 online banking.



a better way to stay alert to debit and credit card fraud
greater metro fcu is committed to helping you fight debit and credit card fraud. our advanced fraud alerts system has launched and will allow you to quickly receive emails, sms texts and interactive phone calls when fraud is suspected – giving you the opportunity to confirm the legitimacy of transactions.
you are automatically enrolled into the advanced fraud alert service, which will help us notify you sooner to review potential fraudulent transactions on your debit or credit card.
please take a moment to update your contact information to ensure we have your current phone numbers and email address on file.
if you receive a card fraud alert by phone, text or email about a suspicious transaction, we ask that you respond immediately to let us know whether the transaction is legitimate. you only need to respond “yes” or “no.” your quick response to these communications could help us stop further unauthorized transactions if someone else has accessed your card information.
note: greater metro fcu will never ask you for account information or your pin in fraud alerts.
click here for frequently asked questions!



mortgages
greater metro has partnered with weatherstone mortgage to bring mortgage products to its members. greater metro will finalize the terms of the loan, fund it and hold it. weatherstone will conduct the underwriting and will arrange for the closing. for all information contact kathy jacobson at 718-361-1002 ext. 220 or contact us.



new mastercard credit card website
attention mastercard® credit card holders!
the new mastercard® management website is live and all users will have to re-register.
if you are using single-sign-on from it’s me 247, you will need your last 4 digits of your ssn, your date of birth and your zip code.

if you log in directly to the mastercard® management website, you will also need to have to have your credit card number. you will have to create a new username (it cannot include your first or last name), password and questions/answers to 3 security questions.
as additional security enhancement, we implemented one-time passcodes.
you will be required to use one-time passcode, when you log in directly to the mastercard® management website or update your information in profile and services sections.
your email address or cell phone number will be a destination for a one-time 6-digit passcode to be delivered for access to the mastercard platform. you will have to receive and enter new 6-digit passcode every time the mastercard site needs to be accessed, unless you chose to “remember this device”. a “one-time passcode” means that it is only good for one time use.

 







atm locator
search for no-surcharge atms








shared branch locator
search for shared branches







 
form 1099-int instructions

current newsletter view our fall newsletter!
pdf
trustage 
trustage insurance agency
2025 closings new year’s day:
-wednesday, january 1
martin luther king jr day:
-monday, january 20
president’s day:
-monday, february 17
memorial day:
-monday, may 26
juneteenth:
-thursday, june 19
independence day:
-friday, july 4
labor day:
-monday, september 1
columbus day:
-monday, october 13
veterans day:
-tuesday, november 11
thanksgiving day:
-thursday, november 27
christmas:
–thursday, december 25
 



site search








can't find what you want? check out our site map page.


left side content © 2025 greater metro federal credit union
routing transit number: 221475605
privacy policy
send us an email

long island city branch long island city branch
31-10 37th avenue
suite 403
long island city, ny 11101
hours: mon - fri 8:30 am to 4:00 pm
va hosptial branch va hospital branch
423 east 23rd street
2nd floor
new york, ny 10010
hours: mon - fri 9:15am to 4:15pm
closed for lunch 12:00 pm to 1:00pm
right side content equal housing opportunity
your savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government.














