


 







canadian natural resources – canadian natural is one of the largest independent crude oil and natural gas producers in the world. the company continually targets cost effective alternatives to develop our portfolio of projects and to deliver our defined growth plan, thereby creating






























skip to content






















cnq



financial reports


sustainability reporting


working together















about us











about us


who we are


our history


our strategy


management


directors


governance


code of conduct & human rights








world class assets











world class assets


natural gas, light crude oil & ngls


natural gas


light crude oil & ngls




heavy crude oil


primary heavy crude oil


pelican lake crude oil




oil sands


thermal in situ


oil sands mining & upgrading




marketing & midstream








investors











investors


investor relations


events & presentations


news releases


financial reports


dividends


stock information


credit ratings


sedar & edgar filings








sustainability











sustainability


sustainability reporting


climate governance and risk management


sustainability governance and stewardship




climate & ghg emissions


ghg emissions reduction program


protecting air quality




environment


environmental planning and monitoring


land


water




workplace & process safety


safety management system


emergency management


process safety management


pipeline integrity




technology


research collaboration


technology portal


technology opportunities




communities


indigenous relations


community investments




payments to governments








careers











careers


careers with canadian natural


experienced job opportunities


new graduate job opportunities


student job opportunities


scholarships




new career site coming



























2024 fourth quarter and year end results








2025 budget












explore your future in energy









explanatory statement, june 2024
the federal government has passed omnibus bill c-59, which includes amendments to the competition act, resulting in changes to the law around environmental communications. 
there is uncertainty on how this new legislation will be interpreted and applied on a go forward basis. this legislation does not change our commitment to the environment and to ensuring safe, reliable operations, only the way in which we are publicly communicating these aspects of our business.
to the extent the competition bureau can provide clarity on the legislation through specific guidance, this will help guide our future communications in this regard. notwithstanding this legislation, canadian natural is committed to helping canada reduce its ghg emissions and we will continue this important work.


feature items


community newsletters
read our latest ‘at a glance‘ newsletters for highlights on how our field offices work together to support the communities where we operate.



2023 stewardship report to stakeholders
our sustainability report provides an overview of our social and governance performance across our operations.




canadian natural donates to over 50 food banks across western canada in 2024
watch this video to learn more about our commitment to supporting communities.









news releases



canadian natural announces swap transaction



canadian natural cautions investors regarding trc capital’s below market “mini-tender” offer



canadian natural resources limited announces 2025 budget







financial reports

2024 third quarter interim report

2024 second quarter interim report


















          canadian natural is a senior crude oil and natural gas production company, with continuing operations in its core areas located in western canada, the u.k. portion of the north sea and offshore africa.
          



            head office
          

            2100, 855 - 2 street s.w.
            calgary, ab t2p 4j8
            (403) 517-6700
          










disclaimer


legal


privacy


news alert


contact us





            © 2025 canadian natural. all rights reserved.
          












