


fishing guides and fishing lodges of alaska













 
 


 


 
your fishing guide to the last frontier

 





   kenai peninsula





alaska   kenai river cabins

upscale cabin   rentals  on the kenai river at sterling with  superb shore fishing for sockeye (red) salmon. wi-fi and direct tv in cabins.day  trips with guided fishing  available.  spectacular private   waterfront setting. 
www.kenailodges.com


            ____________ 
alaska trout guides
alaska trout guides is owned and operated by josh hayes. â hayes is a third generation alaskan and a year round resident of alaska's kenai peninsula. â with over 30 years of personal fly fishing experience on the kenai riverâ you are guaranteed to fish with one of the most experienced and diligent guides on the river. 
 
----------

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


 
 













[ home ]      [ fishing	information ]       [ maps & run charts ]




 ~ book the best ~ 


 fishing guides & fishing  lodges in alaska!


book your  alaska fishing vacation with some of the best fishing guides, lodges, fishing charters, and flying services in alaska. the fishing adventures described  below  include  guided  fishing trips, scenic river float fishing, wilderness lodge fishing, saltwater fishing charters,  fly-out fishing, deluxe fishing resorts and more; for all species of wild alaska salmon, trophy rainbow trout, arctic char, giant halibut, pike, grayling, and the exotic arctic sheefish.





 






   southcentral alaska


alaska wilderness   outfitting 

we offer both guided   and unguided fishing trips to the pristine waters of prince william sound, the   wild lakes and rivers of the wrangell mountains and the untamed wilderness of   the north gulf coast on the tsiu river.

info@alaskawilderness.com
www.alaskawilderness.com 

----------

northwoods   lodge

incredible fishing, outstanding accommodations, and a   knowledgeable staff is what sets northwoods lodge apart. fly & spin   fisherman will sample fishing only alaska can provide.
info@northwoodslodge.net



   kodiak island




afognak wilderness lodge

fish salmon, trout, halibut, ling-cod, sea-bass, etc based   from this elegantly rustic log lodge with spacious guest cabins, in the kodiak   islands. sauna, kayaks, floatplane access, superb local cuisine since   1974. 
shannon@awl-3.comâ  
----------
south kodiak adventures
 our remote location on the southern   tip of kodiak island insures world-class fully guided fishing for salmon and   halibut from the comforts of our full service lodge. deer hunting, sightseeing   and photography trips are also available using our 33 foot, high speed and   licensed vessel, the "alaska adventure". ask about our silver salmon fishing. see below picture!





 
 



   southeast alaska


 alaska premier charters /
              wild   strawberry lodge 

experience awesome   fishing, gourmet meals, and "warm genuine alaskan hospitality" at our all   inclusive luxury waterfront lodge in sitka. home of world class king salmon and   halibut in se alaska! operating a full service lodge for 32-40 guests. over 20   years of accumulated local knowledge and experience. only 3 hours direct jet service from seattle on alaska   airlines.

            info@wildstrawberrylodge.com
----------
alaska wilderness   outfitting 

we   offer both guided and unguided fishing trips to the pristine waters of prince   william sound, the wild lakes and rivers of the wrangell mountains and the   untamed wilderness of the north gulf coast on the tsiu river.

info@alaskawilderness.com
www.alaskawilderness.com
----------
----------

 









 



   bristol bay / western ak




alaska's anvik river lodge 

the most remote full service fishing lodge in alaska.  5-night all-inclusive from anchorage.  private charter flight, comfortable rooms with private bathrooms, all meals and beverages, daily guided freshwater fly and/or spin fishing pacific salmon, pike, char, grayling and whitefish, housekeeping and laundry, wi-fi and more. 

              the anvik river in western alaska

no see um lodge
the willingness of no see um lodge's team to provide the best for their guests - both on the water and at the lodge - have put the lodge in a class by itself. guides are eager to make your alaskan fishing vacation successful; their knowledge, enthusiasm and instruction will ensure success for the novice and expert alike. 

alaska sportsman's lodge
the alaska sportsmans lodge, is a remote sport fishing and fly fishing lodge located in the bristol bay area of western alaska. this area is the pinnacle of alaska fishing for five species of salmon (chinook, sockeye, chum, coho, and pink) and the largest rainbow trout. please contact us about our all inclusive fishing packages. 
  



------------------- 


links of   interest:
alaska fishing   information
maps, run   charts 
            & fishing seasons

online alaska fishing licenses
alaska outdoor adventures


for information about advertising 
      in this directory, contact:
  
alaska internet marketing, inc.
hosting-design- advertising
anchorage,   alaska 
(907) 242-7245
info@alaskaoutdoors.com

serving alaskans   since 1996
--------------------------------- 








 










[ home ]      [ fishing	info ]       [ maps & run charts ]














          copyright © 1996 - 2023, alaska internet marketing, inc., all rights reserved






