







earthfx inc. – integrated hydrogeologic services and software












































skip to content






 





home
expertise 

approach
skills
conference presentations 

2019-present
2017-2018
2015-2016
2013-2014
2010-2012




sectors 

integrated water resources
watershed planning and ecohydrology
water supply
energy and mining
tunneling and subway assessment
contaminant hydrogeology
land development
other applications and engineering


software 

viewlog
vl-gsflow
sitefx
vl webserver
earthfx data centre
earthfx data model
software support and documentation
software pricing


about us 

contact us
careers
clients


 




site search



search for:

search
 











 





earthfx inc. integrated water resources engineering and software services
 
 
 
please scroll down for more information															
 







 







consulting servicesfounded in 1997, earthfx provides advanced consulting services for integrated surface water/groundwater modelling, hydrogeology, geological engineering and water resources analysis.
earthfx is a world leader in the emerging field of integrated surface water/groundwater modelling. we have constructed numerous models using the usgs gsflow model, the leading open source integrated model. project applications include source water protection, quarry and mine impact assessment, water supply, eco-hydrology, drought, agriculture, climate change, water budget, oilsand, cumulative effects  and  watershed  management applications.
learn more 






 





 







 




viewlog our viewlog software provides a truly integrated surface and groundwater analysis and modelling system. by tightly coupling a powerful borehole database editor with gis-style mapping, cross-section, 3d and time series tools, viewlog offers an unrivaled level of visual interpretation of complex 4-dimensional (xyzt) data and model results.
learn more 









 





 







 







sitefx								sitefx is an environmental data management system used by municipalities, environmental consultants and industry scientists to:
1. manage surface and subsurface monitoring locations and their properties (e.g., coordinates, type, geology, borehole construction, etc.)
2. enter and import any type of temporal data (water levels, chemistry, climate, etc.)
3. summarize and analyze temporal data with tables, reports, graphs and statistics
4. schedule and manage environmental sampling programs						
learn more 






 





what we doearthfx has completed a wide array of projects for a diverse group of clients across the private and public sectors. to learn more about what we do please take a look at some of our past projects in the form of technical case studies and conference presentations.
case studiesconference presentations 












contact us				if you have any questions and would like to learn more about what earthfx could do for you please contact us and we would be happy to help.			 


phone :(416) 410-4260email :info@earthfx.com address :71 cranbrooke ave
toronto, ontario
canada m4n 2m6 





















					theme by colorlib powered by wordpress 




























