

family & marriage counseling | national marriage counselor directory




























 











articles, resources & national database to help you




find a family & marriage counselor











 
quick links 


 

--- jump to ---
home
articles & links
online resources
contact us
list your practice
 ------- 
counselors by state:
- alabama- alaska- alberta- arizona- arkansas- british columbia- california- colorado- connecticut- delaware- florida- georgia- hawaii- idaho- illinois- indiana- iowa- kansas- kentucky- louisiana- manitoba- maryland- massachusetts- michigan- minnesota- mississippi- missouri- montana- nebraska- nevada- new hampshire- new jersey- new mexico- new york- north carolina- north dakota- nova scotia- ohio- oklahoma- ontario- oregon- pennsylvania- puerto rico- quebec- rhode island- saskatchewan- south carolina- tennessee- texas- utah- virgin islands- virginia- washington- washington d.c.- west virginia- wisconsin- wyoming
























 



 






menu






find a marriage counselor




family & marriage counseling articles




live phone & online counseling




marriage counseling resources




resources for counselors & therapists




contact us




about us




counselor login

 



















counselors
add your practice to this directory.





 







 








find a family and marriage counselor in your area. click on  a state/province or use the search form to browse the directory and view profiles of marriage counseling and family counseling therapists near you.
					city  
					
  state  
alabama
alaska
alberta
arizona
arkansas
british columbia
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
florida
georgia
guam
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
manitoba
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new brunswick
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
newfoundland and labrador
north carolina
north dakota
northwest territories
nova scotia
nunavut
ohio
oklahoma
ontario
oregon
pennsylvania
prince edward island
puerto rico
quebec
rhode island
saskatchewan
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virgin islands
virginia
washington
washington d.c.
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming
yukon









featured articles


» frequently asked questions about marriage counselingthe article provides a summary of frequently asked questions about family and marriage counseling, such as what to expect during your sessions with a counselor / therapist, cost of family and marriage counseling, as well as tips on how to choose a family therapist.» does marriage counseling work?when considering couples counseling, it's difficult not to wonder whether seeing a marriage counselor will actually work. this article provides some objective information based on data obtained from a national survey of family and marriage therapists and their clients. also presented are several interesting opinions provided by individuals who have actually been through marriage counseling and were asked to comment on whether or not their experience with relationship therapy proved effective in helping their relationship.» family & marriage counseling cost: how much will it cost?family and marriage counseling costs can vary widely. rates vary from about $75 to $200 per hour, but many family and marriage therapists offer sliding scale fees based on income, while some accept insurance and some do not. the average cost for family and marriage counseling is about $100 per session. this article offers some interesting perspectives and more information about the costs associated with family and marriage counseling ( couples counseling ).» how to choose a marriage counseloryou have made the decision to contact a family and marriage counselor. the next question is “how to choose the right marriage counselor?” the success of your experience in couples counseling or family counseling will relate directly to your compatibility with your therapist. this article provides tips on how to find a family and marriage counselor that's right for you.» marriage counseling: get the most value for your time and moneymarriage counseling is an investment of money, time, and energy that can give you and your spouse valuable lifelong benefits. if the two of you are going to make a serious commitment to staying in counseling until you’ve worked through the problem areas, you may be looking at going once a week for three to six months or longer. so it only makes good sense to want to get the most value from your marriage counseling experience.
» solutions for different parenting stylesonce each parent acknowledges that their intentions are the same -- for their children to grow up and be happy and successful adults -- a workable solution for the family is within sight. » online family & marriage counseling - an introductionthe internet has revealed itself as a mediator between therapists and clients as online counseling websites surface all over the web. online counseling, sometimes called e-therapy or cyber-counseling, is when a professional offers emotional support and advice over the internet. this articles provides an introduction to the various methods and issues regarding online counseling.» overcoming differences in a relationshipdifferent points of view, even unfamiliar or uncomfortable ones, can encourage a whole new framework to your love relationship or marriage, and there's nothing wrong with adding another dimension to your life, your relationship or your marriage. 


how to fix your marriage
get free advice immediately. a new alternative to counseling.
www.marriagemax.com







family, relationship & mental health news & links  
» guidelines for safer use of wireless technology in classrooms publishedport washington, n.y., march 24, 2015 /prnewswire-usnewswire/ -- an environmental health non-profit organization has issued a set of science-based guidelines for school teachers and administrators who are using wireless technologies in school classrooms. based on peer-reviewed studies...» study of veterans finds family support during deployment reduces suicidal thoughtsfamily support during deployment is an important protective factor against post-deployment suicidal ideation according to a new study in the journal anxiety, stress and coping.» advocates from the american foundation for suicide prevention visit state capitol to encourage suicide prevention policytrenton, n.j., march 19, 2015 /prnewswire-usnewswire/ -- each year in the united states, suicide claims over 40,000 lives – more than war, murder, and natural disasters combined. in new jersey, one person dies by suicide every 12 hours. on thursday, march 19, 2015, volunteers...



find marriage counseling by state or province:


alabamaalaskaalbertaarizonaarkansasbritish columbiacaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamanitobamarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotanova scotiaohiooklahomaontariooregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricoquebecrhode islandsaskatchewansouth carolinatennesseetexasutahvirgin islandsvirginiawashingtonwashington d.c.west virginiawisconsinwyoming



 


















©  copyright 2025   counsel-search.com    |    terms of use   |   contact  |  about us  |  list your practice |  site map  








 




