


one cypher | street dance website | 
























































search


search for:

go





home
about
archives
contact





dance styles

rocking

top rock


breakin’
dancehall
hip-hop

turf
flexin
jookin’


house
jazz

tap
uk jazz (bebop / fusion)
jazz rock


locking
popping

boogaloo
robotting
strutting


punkin/waacking
vogueing


dance history

jazz
b-boying
locking
popping
hip-hop
house
uk jazz (bebop / fusion)
punking / waacking
vogue


event posts

event recap / coverage


articles

interviews
film
blog
archives


 
subscribe to rss



// 
home



latest post

 
boogaloo: the greatest story never told (official trailer)
super excited for this one! trailer just released by on the one entertainment. “boogaloo: the greatest story never told” is the culmination of an over 20 year journey to document and present the untold story regarding one of the most influential but least known music and dance phenomena of the last half century. often categorized […]


continue reading
post a comment
boogaloo



featured posts


bboy city 2021 finals + semi’s

bc one squad vs havikoro in this hype exchange from bboy city, austin tx. event footage credits stance. be sure to subscribe to their channel for great dance footage and content. also checkout the semi’s with the bay’s own, renegade rockers vs havikoro here:  




news

for some of our recommended dance events, classes, and sessions going on in the community check out our event calendar #
new to dance? want to know a little about the different dance styles? check out the dance history section. 

 #





welcome to one cypher | street dance website this site is dedicated to anything and everything that is street dance. browse through great dance interviews, articles, and check out our archive section. use our calendar for dance class schedules for all styles, or check out when the next event or battle is. learn a little bit more about other dance styles in the history section as we continue to gather everyone's story in the beautiful culture we call dance!  there are also plenty of videos and photos from past and present events. majority of the posts revolve around our hometown in the bay area, but we occasionally include news updates on global events as well. enjoy!


track of the week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndalblexpce tweets by @onecypher


 

helpful info

dance calendar & classes
dance history
web resources

recent commentsdennis on interview with medea sirkas aka  demons of the minddennis on locking. khan & moon. psy. gangnam locking styleminky on locking showcase: go go family (tony gogo, rei, yuu)




© 2025 one cypher | street dance website. all rights reserved.
























 