


uk textile artist mary-clare buckle - abstract and semi-abstract contemporary textile art





















home


about me


textile art gallery


art lights gallery


commissions

feltmaking


contact me










 
abstract contemporary textile art


a gallery of abstract and semi-abstract textile art by mary-clare buckle,

one of the uk's leading contemporary textile artists




























textile art sweeps away the 2-dimensional limitations of painting,

replacing it with the texture, colour and vibrancy which can only be achieved with fibres.

my aim is always to make my work such that it interacts with light falling on and through it.




























on this website you can buy both originals and 

limited edition prints of my work

... or 

commission a special piece of 
textile art to your own requirements.                                                                     




























to view my work, you can either go to my main   

textile art gallery page

... or 
look at my 

art lights gallery page, for work which has some form of lighting included within the piece - backlighting, uv tubes, fairy lights, etc.




























 

to read comments from previous customers and visitors to my gallery and website, 
click here.



a series of interviews with mary-clare about textile art and her work, as one of dorset's textile artists 
- 
click here to read the interviews



articles by/about mary-clare on textile art and felt making and her work as one of the uk's leading textile artists 
- 
click here to read these articles about her approach to textile art and felt making



mary-clare buckle, uk contemporary textile artist

artist's statement


 sweeping away the two-dimensional limitations of painting, 
mary-clare buckle's textile art work has a tactile, three-dimensional quality and reflects her character - vibrant, colourful, effervescent and full of life.  

she has developed the technique of 'floating' felts, mounting the - ethereal and almost transparent - textile art pieces between sheets of 
clear acrylic, so that light, whether ambient or intentional, interacts with them.  
  unlike conventional framing, the viewer's eye is not constrained to a rectangle and, hung slightly away from the wall, 
the pieces have the appearance of floating in three dimensions.

the artist also lights these semi-transparent pieces from behind or the side, intentionally blurring the boundaries between art and interior design.  
  she also uses gently flashing lights to draw the viewer's attention to a piece and then momentarily divert it from the fibres to the lights themselves.  

other work includes using uv (blacklight) cold cathode tubes mounted within an acrylic frame to create an impression of space and depth - bringing into glowing focus the uv-reactive fibres in the piece, whilst plunging the background into semi-darkness.  
 
mary-clare's textile art work is often motivationally informed by the tactile nature and pure colour of the fibre/felt medium itself - 'playing' with an array of different textures and threads and letting the medium control the design. 
  her main driving force has always been the intensity of colour achievable as a textile artist, but she has recently been also exploring more minimal colours.  
  the lit pieces are inspired by her immersion in popular culture and also particularly the clubbing scene: the fluorescent clothes, glow-sticks, lasers, flashing coloured lights and the semi-abstract moving visuals behind the djs. 

other inspiration for her textile art includes: modern film and tv production design: the way the sets are coloured and the atmosphere they evoke;  mediæval artefacts; textures used in indian/moroccan/south american fabrics (related to various trips abroad); lacquer work; italian glass.  

the artist sometimes combines digital images with felt - eg in it's raining men, which was originally suggested by the weather girls song.    
  she is also producing a series of pieces which highlight or parody the clichés associated with a geographical area or place - for example a british/london-themed piece with images of red phone boxes, double-decker buses, the queen, etc. 

her most recent body of work is on the theme of britain and the british. she explored our national identity and the image of our iconic flag.  this work has allowed her to work much bigger than previously (some pieces are up to 5 metres high) which she found profoundly liberating. she exhibited this work at the mojo gallery in dubai and in the uk.

her influence is spreading to the next generation of textile artists, with students worldwide studying her work.  her work is featured on the bbc bitesize website for young people studying gcse textiles and also
in publications such as sovremenny interior ('modern interiors'), a russian interior design magazine.
several of her pieces have also been selected for recent books:
textiles now, by druscilla cole; creative recycling in embroidery, by val holmes and 1000 artisan textiles, by sandra salamony & gina m brown.

mary-clare buckle was born in the philippines, studied art and three-dimensional design at the surrey institute of art & design (farnham) and the birmingham institute of art and design (biad) and designed and made jewellery for the initial part of her career.  
  her textile art work can be viewed, all the year round, at her studio-gallery in the artists' enclave of abbotsbury, in west dorset, or here on her retail website.



 

back to 
top 
of page





                                                                                                                                              
images and text © 




web design & development and 

search engine optimisation ©

:: andrew green associates

abstract and semi-abstract contemporary textile art by mary-clare buckle, uk textile artist

the gallery, 13 market street, abbotsbury, dorset, dt3 4jr, uk
         

site map                                
    

resources












