



















petrochemistry in europe - petrochemicals europe - petrochemicals europe








































































our industry

petrochemicals applications
interactive flowchart
facts & figures
faq


transition to sustainability

responsible care
people
planet
economy


eu policy

climate change
energy

energy efficiency
hydrogen


circular economy
industrial strategy
eu recovery
chemical legislation


news & activities

news
position papers
videos
events


about us

sector groups
our team
our members
our partners
young ambassadors
contact us


 





select page


  
 



 



 













we build the future


from energy efficient houses to electronics, smart clothing, aviation and even space travel, petrochemicals are at the heart of innovation that is shaping tomorrow’s world.



read more






petrochemicals  in action


petrochemistry has done wonders in the fields of transport, hygiene, housing and technology, making our lives far easier than they have ever been in the previous centuries.



find out more










latest news






skills for the petrochemicals industry of tomorrow: transforming in the green & digital age 
petrochemicals europe has joined chemskills project, a new european-funded initiative addressing the digital and green transition in the chemical industry. chemskills is about making sure that education and industry are on the same page, creating a concrete plan to bridge the skills gap and getting the right support.  

20/02/2024 - read more







transition plans are set to become a licence to get funding: key takeaways from the transition finance event
an unprecedented industrial transformation that the chemical industry has to undergo by 2050 will require billions of investments over the next decades. so how can companies secure the appropriate funding to embark on the ambitious transition? more than 200 attendees gathered at a recent transition finance event organised in chemelot, one of the eu’s largest chemical clusters to discuss strategies for accessing much-needed finance.

08/12/2023 - read more







view all



from linkedin #



follow us











discover our interactive flowchart

the journey of petrochemicals explained: from raw materials to 95% of all manufactured goods.

petrochemicals europe’s flowchart illustrates the complex journey of petrochemicals from raw materials to everyday products. the updated chart reflects the industry’s initiatives to reduce its carbon footprint and diversify its feedstock. check out the updated flowchart and order a printed copy:

read more











petrochemicals in action
discover where petrochemicals are used and how their versatility and properties are invaluable.






electronics







construction







transport







household products







textile







paint and coatings







packaging







cosmetics & medical













petrochemical industry in europe









300.000 jobs







145 €billion/year total sales





%

95% of manufactured products





%

26% of total chemical sales







application highlight

find out more about a specific application of petrochemicals.

find out more









solvents – a key ingredient of durable and sustainable materials
when you see solar panels or bridges you probably don’t think that solvents play a big role in making and protecting them. yet they do. solvents are essential to glue solar panels together. coatings with solvents protect infrastructure like bridges and dams from corrosion and rust, extending their lifetime by decades.

read more












upcoming event





 








 
© petrochemicals europe – contact – glossary – links – terms of use –  cookies policy –  privacy policy – privacy centre – sitemap   


 








 


















