
































































the times of northwest indiana | breaking news | read munster, in and indiana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on indiana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















8°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



lake county



porter county



laporte county



state & regional



education



politics



nation & world



nwi blogs



news tip



business




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




sports


nwi preps



preps scoreboard



college



columnists



mlb



nhl



mls



nba



nfl



betting




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnist




lifestyles


art & theater



event calendar



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



pets



fashion



people



travel



faith



outdoors




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios


the times media company


southland




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



bosak auto



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

bosak auto








8°
cloudy
























        
        
            girls learn about science and engineering at nipsco headquarters, other nisource offices

nipsco, the region’s electric and gas utility, hosted its 14th annual introduce a girl to steam or science, technology, engineering, art and math at its corporate headquarters. 

















        
        
            davich: region workers who go above, beyond their job duties

people such as antwoine johnson, a streets and sanitation worker for the city of valparaiso, routinely rise above their job descriptions to serve.

















        
        
            all wright brings explosive scoring to valparaiso

"at this rate, we should have back-to-back freshman of the year in this league," valpo head coach roger powell jr. said. "he's great, he's a leader, he's tough. there's no moment too big for him."

















        
        
            hammond man faces auto theft, resisting law enforcement charges after allegedly causing crash

the car had been reported stolen in september from a valet parking lot in the west loop in downtown chicago, according to police records.

















        
        
            column: chicago white sox’s new philosophy on prospects? ‘we’d like to see them perform’ before getting long-term deals.

if the chicago white sox deal luis robert jr., whether it’s this spring or before the trade deadline, their 26-man payroll will be down to $47 million. 

















        
        
            toddler shot self in foot with gun; father charged with neglect

the 3-year-old got ahold of a loaded handgun wedged between a mattress and a box spring feb. 11 in her hammond home, according to lake criminal court records.

















        
        
            chicago cubs and justin turner, the 40-year-old infielder, have agreed to a deal

after striking out on signing premier free agent alex bregman, the chicago cubs are in agreement on a deal to bring in 40-year-old infielder justin turner, sources told the tribune on tuesday.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            gofundme created for 20-year-old killed in hammond motor vehicle crash


















        
        
            house takes step to lure chicago bears to northwest indiana


















        
        
            hammond man faces auto theft, resisting law enforcement charges after allegedly causing crash















                
                the latest



















        
        
            walmart greeter shares ‘receipts’ about customers after 24-year career




















        
        
            northwest indiana neighbors: obituaries for february 19

read through the obituaries published today in the times. 





















        
        
            219 news now 2/19/2025

video provided in partnership with the times, jedtv and wjob. sponsored by strack & van til. 





















        
        
            february 18 recap: northwest indiana news you may have missed today

get a recap of tuesday's local news stories from the times. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            219 news now: gary resident dead following house fire sunday night

here’s your 219 news now for february 18, 2025. gary resident dead following house fire sunday night. check out these top stories and more in the times and nwi.com. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly. this marker is chrome shitiness mitigation mechanism for ultrawidify. it turns out that as of 2025-01, chrome does not correctly respect allowtransparency property on certain iframes, and will force white or black background across the entire element. it is unclear what's causing the issue — so far, it seems to appear randomly.




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            walmart greeter shares ‘receipts’ about customers after 24-year career




















        
        
            219 news now 2/19/2025




















        
        
            trump says ukraine 'should have never started' the war with russia




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: east chicago's all-time leading scorers

east chicago's dominique murphy became the cardinals all-time leading scorer saturday night at a matchup against cathedral. 




















        
        
            local prep schedule

here's a look at the upcoming prep basketball schedule




















        
        
            local college results from thursday, feb. 13, 2025

here's a look at local college basketball results




















        
        
            girls basketball playoff pairings 2025

girls basketball playoff pairings 2025













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            my pet world: chewing challenges — keeping a high-energy hound happily engaged

dear cathy,




















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            does the weather affect your business's success? 7 considerations for spring

contributor content. here are seven considerations to help your business stay prepared, adapt to the quirks and make the most of everything spring has to offer. 












partner








        
        
            read the label: how to spot potential dangers in processed foods

get healthy. the u.s. food and drug administration requires nutrition labels on most packaged food items, and gaining a basic understanding of the information they reveal can guide you toward making healthier dietary choices.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            talbots outlet



                                        179 u.s. 41, schererville, in 46375
                                    






 website






















        
        
            purdue northwest university


                                office of admissions
                            


                                        2200 169th street, hammond, in 46323
                                    






















        
        
            nwi apts.



                                        p.o. box 508, valparaiso, in 46384
                                    




































        
        
            2025 best of the region



















×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram







subscribe to the times

about us

contact us

legal notices

newspaper archives



sites & partners


featured sections

best of the region

buy local deals

regional crime report

the times media company

northwest indiana calendar

online features

in business

southland

get healthy




services


manage your subscription

e-edition

send a news tip

donation request

work here

rss feeds

e-newsletter sign-up 

submit an event

submit a celebration

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the times, 601 w. 45th ave. munster, in 46321
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






crime

subscribe






entertainment & dining

subscribe






latest news

subscribe






local sports

subscribe






nwi prep sport news

subscribe






weather alerts

subscribe































