


welcome to the official government website of chaffee county, co


































home

departments a - e


airport


assessor


building safety department


chaffee county combined courts


clerk & recorder


colorado state university extension


coroner


county administration


county attorney


county commissioners


emergency management


emergency medical services (ems)


environmental health




departments f -  z


fairgrounds


finance & human resources


human services


landfill


planning & zoning


public health


road & bridge


sheriff


treasurer


veterans service


weed control




resources


airports in the county


buena vista airport


harriet alexander field




chaffee county boys & girls club


chaffee common ground


chambers of commerce


salida chamber of commerce


buena vista chamber of commerce




buena vista heritage


central mountain small business development center


realtors® of central colorado


chaffee county economic development corp


chaffee county heritage


chaffee county history


chaffee resources/health & wellness 


colorado parks & wildlife


heart of the rockies regional medical center


chaffee housing authority


municipalities


buena vista


poncha springs


salida




upper arkansas area agency on aging




visitors bureau


visitors bureau website


visitors bureau information




how to


access property records


locate land use reg


locate land use forms


apply for building permit


get area information


visitors bureau




get marriage license


make an open records request




boards


airport board


board of adjustment


board of review


chaffee housing authority board


common ground advisory committee


county commissioners


fair board


heritage board


marijuana excise tax advisory board


planning commission


right to ranch board


transportation board


















 


public notices, rfp's & news releasespublic meetings calendarfire ban statusemployment opportunitieseverbridge (emergency communication system)about chaffee countycounty directorycora request formchaffee county conflict of interest policychaffee county public meeting policies & proceduresguide to speaking at public hearings
chaffee county public records policyassessor record searchpay your property taxes/ information
chaffee county administrative officesp.o. box 699104 crestone avenuesalida, colorado 81201719-539-22182025 commissioners meeting schedule2025 holiday scheduleagendas for county board meetings may be posted or amended up to 24 hours before a meeting.  the official posting site for chaffee county is the chaffee county website.this notice is posted pursuant to c.r.s. 24-6-402. decisions &/or formal actions will be made
by the commissioners at regular or special meetings of the board of
commissioners. physical address
for meeting places: commissioners meeting room 104 crestone ave.,
salida/ buena vista community center 715 e main st, buena vista/ buena vista annex, 114 linderman ave. / fairgrounds, 10165
county road 120, poncha springspublic notices and agendas are also posted at the administrative office, 104 crestone ave, salida

national terrorism advisory alert status  


welcome to the chaffee county government website

letter from the commissioners regarding 2024 property taxes - 12/8/2023

beginning the week of july 4th, 2022, chaffee county government buildings will be opened to the public for regular business mondays through thursdays. the compressed week allows departments to extend hours to better serve the public during earlier and later times. individual department hours vary. please visit the webpage for the individual department of interest for specific information.emergency services continue to be available 24/7/365; call 9-1-1 in emergencies or 719-539-2596 for non-emergency dispatch.

chaffee county government technology accessibility statementchaffee county government is committed to providing equitable access to our services to all coloradans.our ongoing accessibility effort works towards being in line with the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag) version 2.1, level aa criteria. these guidelines not only help make technology accessible to users with sensory, cognitive and mobility disabilities, but ultimately to all users, regardless of ability.our efforts are just part of a meaningful change in making all state of colorado services inclusive and accessible. we welcome comments on how to improve our technology’s accessibility for users with disabilities and for requests for accommodations to any chaffee county government services.requests for accommodations and feedbackwe welcome your requests for accommodations and feedback about the accessibility of chaffee county government's online services. please let us know if you encounter accessibility barriers. chaffee county government is committed to responding as soon as possible to any outreach. phone: 719-539-2218e-mail: chaffeeadmin@chaffeecounty.orgour website has been designed to provide information to the public for the various government services provided in chaffee county.  we recognize that the site must be continually reviewed for additional enhancements to make your visit as productive as possible.  if you are needing additional information that the site cannot provide, please send an e-mail or call us at your earliest convenience.for a specific office please see the departments tabs above.chaffee county district or county court: 719-539-2561to view all public notices, rfp and news releases you may go to public notices   

public meetings are posted within the calendar below. please click on the meeting you are interested in to see date, time, and location.planning commission and board of commissioner meeting agendas and public packets can be linked to in the civic clerk frame below the calendar, or visit chaffee county's civic clerk page at  https://chaffeecoco.portal.civicclerk.com/. . county commissioner board meetings are available via zoom.  for board of commissioner meetings you may join meetings at join meeting (id# 109 079 543).  for other county board meetings you may join meetings at join meeting (id# 423 829 0633) or as posted in the calendar link. for dial-in information you may click here.**all public comments should be emailed to it is the policy of chaffee county that all county sponsored public meetings and events are accessible to people with disabilities. if you need assistance in participating in this meeting or event due to a disability as defined under the ada, please call the county's ada coordinator at 719-530-5561 or e-mail  at least three (3) business days prior to the scheduled meeting or event to request an accommodation.
chaffee county government civic clerk system:meetings calendar, agendas, packets available at https://chaffeecoco.portal.civicclerk.com/

county informationto view past agendas and minutes of the board of commissioners meeting please visit board of commissioners agendas & minutes or visit the county clerk adjunct website at county clerkto view past agendas and minutes from other county boards please visit county boards.   county resolutions county public meeting policies & procedures adopted march 14, 2023guide to speaking at public meetingsspecial events have been moved to the planning & zoning page.  
monthly meeting schedule for county commissionersthe commissioners meet the first 2 tuesdays of the month in salida at the administrative building, 104 crestone ave., in the commissioners meeting room and on the 3rd tuesday of every month at the buena vista community center, 715 e main street, buena vista.  meetings start at 9:00 a.m.  this schedule may change from time to time and will be posted. see the calendar above.monthly meetings the commissioners may attend:2nd wednesday 5:00 p.m. salida chamber business after hours 2nd thursday 5:00 p.m. buena vista chamber business after hour
county and community news and announcementschaffee county community wildfire protection planshort term rental permittingchaffee common groundchaffee county heritage area advisory boardenvision chaffee countycottonwood pass open/closure schedule chaffee county housing need assessment & strategychaffee county regional socio-economic profilechaffee county heath assessment & improvement plan 2017 - 2023
county resolutions, ordinances, proclamations and procedures of general interestchaffee county conflict of interest policychaffee county public meeting policies and proceduresguide to speaking at public hearingsright to ranch conflict resolution proceduresmedical & recreational marijuanaresolution 2001-04 - providing for the control of dogs, vaccinations of dogs and their identification, control of vicious dogs and other animals, the impoundment of animals and describing penalties for violating such provisions.ohv use on county roadsresolution 2017-61 - adopting an amended and restated chaffee county noxious weed management planresolution 2019-10 - imposing a temporary moratorium on the submission, acceptance or processing of applications for development having a residential component within the airport overlay district pending consideration of land use code amendments.
state and federal government informationfire restrictions chaffee county and us forestcolorado state forest service, salida district, wildfire rating program







chaffee county government technology accessibility statement: chaffee county government is committed to providing equitable access to our services to all coloradans. our ongoing accessibility effort works towards being in line with the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag) version 2.1, level aa criteria. we welcome your requests for accommodations and feedback about the accessibility of chaffee county government's online services. please let us know if you encounter accessibility barriers. chaffee county government is committed to responding as soon as possible to any outreach. contact us via phone: 719-539-2218; e-mail: chaffeeadmin@chaffeecounty.org; main address: 104 crestone, salida, co 81201home  |  elected officials  |   departments  |   top 









powered by


graphic design by







