



  



 michigan utility notification center - miss dig system












































skip to main content





          in michigan call:                      811,
                  

          everywhere else call:                      800-482-7171            


















phone










in michigan call: 811            
everywhere else call: 800-482-7171            






homeowners homeowner information why & when to place a locate request when can i start my project? digging safely kids only excavation pros excavators excavator training excavator education program (eep) handbook  reference material member utilities news and updates annual meeting member overview damagepreventionportal post ticket response services resources become a member get started i want to dig how to place a locate request required information submit a ticket overhead assistance planning a project 5 steps to safe digging digging faqs the marine ticket  check ticket status new tickets expired or lost tickets  report damage damage reporting  about who we are about miss dig 811 staff & board public act 174 related links careers educational mobile unit  news & events what's new monthly newsletter toolkits  committees & best practices mdpb committee safe digging award  contact contact us emergency hours utilities & locators status pagepublic dashboard 




 






submit request / log into oca
log into dpp


















            safe digging starts here          

            michigan’s free & easy utility notification system.          


check status








  planting a tree? installing a fence, deck or pool? whether you are doing the work yourself or hiring it out, you are responsible for assuring the utilities on your property are clearly marked and you avoid damaging them. miss dig 811 is michigan's only resource for ensuring you know what's below ground before you start to dig.     here's how it works:  







place a locate request

miss dig 811 processes that locate request by contacting our over 1,700 members, who then come out and locate their underground facilities. 








wait 3 business days

you cannot begin your excavation before the start time on your locate request, even if all utilities have been marked. 








confirm status online

you are required to check positive response before digging. be sure to keep the ticket number provided to you when placing your locate request.








hand dig

hand dig when digging within 4ft of paint or flags.








dig safely

once you've hand exposed the underground utilities, you can carefully continue to dig using the necessary tools.




 learn more about why & when to place a locate request    







3 reasons to call 811 or click... before you dig  1. it's the law for your safety, michigan law requires that all utility lines be flagged before beginning any excavation project. use our free service to fulfill your legal requirement and avoid costly fines. learn the law   2. it's vital to your safety without knowing where utilities are buried, even digging with hand tools can result in damage to underground utilities, leading to service disruptions, costly repairs, and serious injuries. see what's buried below  3. it's free & easy for your safety, michigan law requires that all utility lines be flagged before beginning any excavation project. use our free service to fulfill your legal requirement and avoid costly fines. submit a locate request  




   reminder to parents the colorful flags used to mark underground utility lines can be very attractive to young children. remind your children not to remove them. what happens if your child pulls out a utility flag marketing? do not assume you remember where they were located and do not attempt to replace them. simply call miss dig 811 and to have the utility lines placed again.   



    call 811 or click… before you dig  




  receive our monthly newsletter get safety related topics and events delivered to your inbox! 


        * indicates required questions    


                                    email *                                

email





enter:




 

   miss dig 811 is michigan’s only utility safety notification system. our onecallaccess service makes it easy for you to request for public utility lines to be marked. so you can safely complete your digging project. learn more about us.   submit locate request check status contact miss dig 811                    











homecareersemployee/board login 


				the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 miss dig 811. all rights reserved. privacy















 


powered by:
         
 









