
































































tiogapublishing.com



































skip to main content



subscribe
login
e-edition




facebook









free press-courier



wellsboro gazette



potter leader-enterprise












login























free press-courier


wellsboro gazette


potter leader-enterprise
























tioga publishing company

serving communities across pennsylvania, tioga publishing is your source for news from our region and beyond as brought to you by a network of exclusively local newspapers.










                
                community highlights
                
            










                
                latest community news
                
            








        

        
            woodland bio secures $50,000 grant for site planning


feb 13, 2025


a tioga county business secured a grant in the first ever round of agricultural innovation grants awarded in the commonwealth. 









featured




        

        
            commissioners talk creative council, extension services, america’s 250th birthday


feb 13, 2025


the potter county commissioners covered a lot of ground during their feb. 6 meeting, including the future plans of the potter county creative council, services provided by penn state extension and the u.s.a.’s upcoming semiquincentennial. rob thompson opened the meeting with an update on the…









featured




        

        
            with tight budget, county dips more into act 13 funds


feb 13, 2025


wellsboro — the tioga county commissioners agreed at the feb. 11 meeting to spend $440,780.69 in act 13 funds for multiple projects. 









featured




        

        
            school board approves roof, siding bid; $3.8m project to be completed this summer


feb 13, 2025


wellsboro — after their questions were answered, the wellsboro area school district’s board of directors voted 7-1 to replace the roof and siding on the high school. 










+45







featured




        

        
            ice carving, spicy chili highlight wellsboro's first winter weekend


feb 13, 2025


saturday, feb. 8 brought sunny, slightly warmer weather and a lot of people out to take part in wellsboro’s first of three winter weekends. 









featured




        

        
            wellsboro council questions how agency can overcome abandoned houses, blight issues


feb 13, 2025


wellsboro — in less than a week, a council member here has changed his recommendation from one property registration agency to a second. 










        

        
            deerfield to bid on ford f550, sell dump truck


feb 13, 2025


the deerfield township supervisors discussed and agreed to submit a bid on a 2016 ford f550 being sold by a neighboring community during the feb. 4 meeting. the minimum bid on the vehicle is set at $35,000 with bid opening slated for march 1. 










        

        
            elkland authority looks at grants for wastewater plant upgrades


feb 13, 2025


four members of the elkland borough authority met feb. 6 and voted to close an administrative account opened in 2024 with funds from a certificate of deposit. 










        

        
            mansfield chamber talks ward, upcoming events


feb 11, 2025


develop tioga executive director kristin hamilton spoke to the mansfield chamber of commerce at their tuesday, feb. 11 meeting, particularly addressing the recent news that asc is planning to sell or shutter ward manufacturing in blossburg. 










+6








        

        
            northern tioga board talks mtss, proposed facility upgrade


feb 11, 2025


principal of academic affairs becky koehler and principals matt sottolano, cheryl sottolano, kathryn slavinski presented an update on the muti-tiered system of supports at the feb. 10 northern tioga school board meeting. 










        

        
            jail board hears consultant report


feb 10, 2025


a representative from kafferlin strategies, a consulting firm that recently completed phase 1 of a study of potter county including its jail, attended the friday, feb. 7 jail board meeting to present findings. 










        

        
            state police at lewis run


feb 10, 2025


crashes 










        

        
            state police at mansfield


feb 10, 2025


retail theft 










+5







featured




        

        
            cv anglers hold ice fishing derby


feb 10, 2025


the cv anglers club held their annual ice fishing derby on saturday, feb. 8 at beechwood lake outside of sabinsville under perfect wintery conditions. 










+24








        

        
            frosting flies at 4-h cupcake competition


feb 8, 2025


eight teams, armed with cupcakes and frosting, made their way to the tokishi training center on friday night as the tioga county 4-h held cupcake wars. 






load more










                
                national news
                
            









+3








        

        
            rio swelters in heatwave in run-up to carnival











+10








        

        
            israel says committed to trump plan for gaza displacement



















        

        
            argentine prosecutors to probe milei over 'cryptogate'



















        

        
            turkey seals hotel spa illegally set up inside ancient cistern











                
                national sports
                
            

















        

        
            no. 5 houston pits sharp focus against frustrated arizona state



















        

        
            surging no. 7 tamu visits dangerous no. 21 mississippi state



















        

        
            no. 2 florida meets oklahoma with eye on no. 1 seed



















        

        
            report: ravens ol ben cleveland facing dui charge


























































                
                what do you think?
                
            




        

        
            how can society prevent violence like what happened in new orleans?





you voted: 






 better prevention and security systems.
                                



 enforce the death penalty
                                



 education and character training.
                                



 community engagement
                                



 none of the above.
                                

vote
view results




back











                
                e-edition and app help
                
            



































illinois
hancock journal-pilot
iroquois times-republic
journal-republican
the news-gazette


indiana
fountain co. neighbor
herald journal
kv post news
newton co. enterprise
rensselaer republican
review-republican


iowa
atlantic news telegraph
audubon advocate-journal
barr's post card news
burlington hawk eye
collector's journal
fayette county union
ft. madison daily democrat
independence bulletin-journal
keokuk daily gate city
oelwein daily register
vinton newspapers
waverly newspapers


michigan
iosco county news-herald
ludington daily news
oceana's herald-journal
oscoda press
white lake beacon
new york
finger lakes times
olean times herald
salamanca press


pennsylvania
bradford era
clearfield progress
courier express
free press courier
jeffersonian democrat
leader vindicator
potter leader-enterprise
the wellsboro gazette







×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox










© copyright 2025
tiogapublishing.com
25 east ave, wellsboro, pa

 | terms of use

 | privacy policy

powered by blox content management system from blox digital.



© copyright 2025
tiogapublishing.com
25 east ave, wellsboro, pa

 | terms of use

 | privacy policy

powered by blox content management system from blox digital.



























