     commercial truck dealership in waterford wi | serving waterford and muskego | lynch truck center                            






                                         lynch truck center             sales 262-514-4000    service 262-332-6551  parts 262-332-6550      2530 beck drivewaterford, wi 53185                                          service        map        contact                           lynch truck center                 call 262-514-4000   directions                 home   towing   all towing vehicles   new towing vehicles   used towing vehicles   cab & chassis   carriers   wreckers   heavy duty   industrial   other     commercial   commercial vehicles   fleet management program     fleet management program   sell    truck parts   parts center   isuzu parts catalog   order parts     service   schedule service   service center   hino truck service center   collision center   collision repair and paint     financing   finance department   apply for financing   monthly truck payment calculator   value your trade     about us   about us   contact us   lynch truck center locations   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   leave us a review   our blog                      home   towing   all towing vehicles   new towing vehicles   used towing vehicles   cab & chassis   carriers   wreckers   heavy duty   industrial   other     commercial   commercial vehicles   fleet management program     fleet management program   sell    truck parts   parts center   isuzu parts catalog   order parts     service   schedule service   service center   hino truck service center   collision center   collision repair and paint     financing   finance department   apply for financing   monthly truck payment calculator   value your trade     about us   about us   contact us   lynch truck center locations   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   leave us a review   our blog               









search inventory

     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


towing
commercial
fleet management program





                                                                               







sell or trade
get an instant offer










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        
we proudly sell and service






















     


service & parts
lynch truck center is here to keep your tow trucks, commercial trucks, wreckers, and rollback car carriers in premium working order for as long as you want to drive them. currently operating in a 20-bay service department, our ase-certified technicians are ready to help you out with hino service, commercial truck and rv collision repairs, tow truck service, gm truck service, and more. we also keep a full inventory of 25,000 factory-warranted parts in stock at all times. our service and parts team is here to serve all your maintenance, repair, and parts needs, monday through friday from 7:30 a.m. – 12:00 a.m. and saturday from 7:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.

schedule now
order parts













finance & lease
at lynch truck center, we understand that buying a large commercial vehicle or tow truck is a big investment for your business, and we have an experienced team of financial experts on hand to help make sure that you get the right financing or lease plan for your vehicle. over the years, we’ve developed ongoing relationships with almost 20 different lenders, providing more competition so that you always get the most competitive rate available. chat with our staff about the right financing or lease option for you, or apply for financing online to get a head start.
get started


     
lynch truck video vault





lynch truck center general overview





commercial truck sales





wrecker and tow truck sales





service and parts

             



welcome to the lynch truck center
welcome to lynch truck center, the only place you need to go for new tow trucks and commercial trucks. serving companies throughout southeastern wisconsin, milwaukee, madison, chicago, northern illinois, and detroit. with dedicated upfit pools, we’re also happy to sell new trucks to you anywhere nationwide. no matter what kind of commercial or fleet needs you’ve got, we have you covered.
more about us




     












2530 beck drive, waterford, wi 53185

    monday 8:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 6:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 12:00pm    sunday closed    






follow us


                                 







                                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | lynch truck center | 2530 beck drive, waterford, wi 53185 | sales: 262-514-4000              























text us




text us

*first name



*last name



*phone



email



what do you want to text us?





by checking this box, you give your express consent to receive updates about your via email, phone, and sms messages from the lynch family of dealerships. by providing your details, you acknowledge and agree to our privacy policy. standard message & data rates may apply. you can opt-out at any time by replying with the keyword "stop". for additional assistance or information, reply with "help" or contact our customer care team.


   by clicking submit, i consent to lynch truck center contacting me at the number provided above and leaving prerecorded voice or text messages that advertise goods or services. i agree that communication may be transmitted through an automatic telephone dialing system or text messaging service. i confirm that i am either the owner/subscriber of the mobile number provided above or that i am authorized by them to provide it. i understand that my consent is not required as a condition of purchase and that i can revoke my consent to receive automated calls by providing reasonable written notice to lynch truck center.    











       