paradise bank › home
skip navigation documents in portable document format (pdf) require adobe acrobat reader.paradise bank homepagealert our fort lauderdale branch is currently closed. we are moving to 1420 se 17th street causeway, fort lauderdale, fl 33316. opening date coming soon! close paradise bank   menu search

personal banking


personal checking

savings & money market

cds & iras

safe deposit boxes

home loans

reorder checks

financial calculators



commercial banking


commercial & real estate

business accounts

savings & money market

cd accounts

safe deposit boxes

other services

meet the team

reorder checks

financial calculators



sba loans


advantages

preferred sba lender

programs available

testimonials

success stories

loan application

meet the team

financial calculators



home loans


your application

get a quote

programs available

home loan basics

after closing

meet the team

secure file transfer

financial calculators



about us


contact us

locations

we make dreams come true

directors

join the family

community involvement



searchyour browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser. home loan products

view here  sba loans

sba loan advantages  

view here online bankingusername  enroll | forgot password contact us  locations  switch to paradise  forms library  reorder checks < swipe for more >   community involvement
at paradise bank, we value the importance of giving back to the south florida community.
to learn more about our positive impacts to date, click the community involvement button below.
community involvement    cyber security
each month, we offer information from sans security awareness including videos and pdfs shedding light on relevant topics surrounding cybersecurity. 
stop by security awareness to view their awareness videos and other information.
protect yourself    grow your business
paradise bank can provide the tools you need to help grow your business.
grow your business    from the president's desk
click below for a message from our bank president, bill burke!
from our bank president your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser. "i highly recommend..."
“i highly recommend paradise bank! the staff really cares about us and takes the time to give us personal service! they are all friendly and helpful.”- kim c.  "i could not imagine using any other bank..."
“we have been a customer of paradise bank for many years and i could not imagine using any other bank for my business and personal accounts. i would encourage anyone who needs a friendly, local bank to check out paradise bank.”
- patti b.  "you're in good company"
“my bank for the last 10 years. incomparable services and staff. unique understanding of my business and needs. a partner by my side.”- phillipe p.  "always a pleasure to bank at paradise bank"
“always a pleasure to bank at paradise bank, extremely friendly atmosphere and prompt to assist you with the best attitude. best bank in boca raton.- james o.  "so much personal attention"
“never had so much personal attention from a bank before than when i began dealing with paradise bank. there is never a time i can’t go in and be greeted by one of the staff and have my problem resolved right away."- david g. topwe proudly serve families in palm beach and broward counties to help their businesses grow and prosper in our communities.main office-boca raton:phone: (561) 392-5444ft. lauderdale office:phone: (954) 764-8778delray beach office:phone: (561) 243-3033

cra

digital privacy policy

contact us

financial calculators

protect yourself

switch to paradise

privacy

member fdic equal housing lender©  paradise bank created by profitstars®read more on our accessibility statement   closesearchwhat are you looking for today?  searchmain office number(561) 392-5444fax number(561) 393-5674
