







baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital – every day giving excellence


































































 





















skip to content




employee login
physician login
careers
credentials
patient portal
pay bill here






baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital
every day giving excellence

home for patientsfinancial assistance good faith estimate hospital pricing information medical records nondiscrimination notice patient portal pre-op home checklist preparing for surgery prevent infection social media terms of use surprise medical bills website terms of useconsumer access request form  your privacy su privacidad your rights and responsibilities your stay covid-19 precautions  specialtiesback and neck general orthopedics joint replacement outpatient surgery pain management radiology services sports medicine  find a doctor about contactcareers  locations & clinicsurgent care tyler urgent care palestine imaging center longview orthopedic clinic longview outpatient therapy longview outpatient therapy services grande boulevard sports medicine and therapy services tyler sports medicine and therapy services palestine baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital surgery center  



 
home for patientsfinancial assistance good faith estimate hospital pricing information medical records nondiscrimination notice patient portal pre-op home checklist preparing for surgery prevent infection social media terms of use surprise medical bills website terms of useconsumer access request form  your privacy su privacidad your rights and responsibilities your stay covid-19 precautions  specialtiesback and neck general orthopedics joint replacement outpatient surgery pain management radiology services sports medicine  find a doctor about contactcareers  locations & clinicsurgent care tyler urgent care palestine imaging center longview orthopedic clinic longview outpatient therapy longview outpatient therapy services grande boulevard sports medicine and therapy services tyler sports medicine and therapy services palestine baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital surgery center  









surgical  excellence
welcome to baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital 
							baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital's mission is to care for every patient and their family as if they were our own. each patient, each family, each and every time. 
							contact us today 
							 physician directory 
							 


















clinical 



at baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital, we don’t just treat the pain, we treat the patient. spine, back, joint and neck problems can lead to severe pain that can affect every area of your life. but you don't have to live with the pain. we provide the latest in non-invasive and surgical pain relief procedures.  






learn more











we care 



ranked nationally in the top 5% in patient satisfaction by press ganey, our award winning team of surgeons, physicians and staff are dedicated to treating not just the pain…but also the person. from diagnoses through treatment and recovery, we care. 






learn more











pricing transparency 



we understand that it can be confusing to estimate treatment costs before choosing care. a comprehensive list of the hospital’s shoppable services and standard charges for services are available for review. 






hospital pricing




















our specialties 



when you choose a doctor to treat a spine or joint condition, you turn to a specialist. it’s important to do the same when choosing a hospital. like your doctor, baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital specializes in the treatment of spine and joints, as well as: 



radiology servicesback and neckpain managementjoint replacementgeneral orthopedicssports medicineoutpatient surgery 













 

 

 














here for you. 



baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital is a facility in which physicians have an ownership or investment interest. the list of physician owners or investors is available to you upon request. 











 
contact us















 







where to find us 



our team is eager to serve you. find out how to easily locate our hospital when it's time for your appointment. 






 




							view directions						















helpful patient links 



our team is here to care for you and your family as you prepare for your upcoming appointment. 








 




preparing for surgery 



we have compiled a list of best procedures to insure that your surgery goes smoothly.  








 




pre-op home checklist 



we have provided an easy to use pre-operative checklist for your convenience. 































employment opportunities 



find current job postings at baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital for patient-focused, service-oriented health professionals. 






see all careers



















 

 








					© 2024 baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital. all rights reserved.
notice to patients: baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital meets the federal definition of a physician-owned hospital. you have been referred to a facility in which one or more of your physicians may have an ownership interest. a list of the hospital’s physician owners is available upon request. as part of your treatment plan, your physician may use drugs, devices or products produced by a company that the physician has a financial interest in. price transparency









go to top
















you are now leaving baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital
baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital provides links to websites of other organizations in order to provide visitors with certain information. a link does not constitute an endorsement of content, viewpoint, policies, products, or services of that website. once you link to another website not maintained by baylor scott & white texas spine & joint hospital, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including but not limited to its privacy policy.


you will be redirected to

click the link above to continue or cancel









































































