






mpls | better service







































home
blog
about us
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 











we appreciate the extreme generosity of the american people in this time of national need.
 
 
contact us










 
about mpls
we in minneapolis area chapter of the american red cross. the city of new york with the help of the american red cross opened a new family assistance center at pier 94, on the banks of the hudson river.





we provide workplace training program
adult cpr/aed adult cpr infant and child cpr adult cpr plus infant and child cpr first aid standard first aid plus infant and child cpr standard first aid
til help arrives preventing disease transmission injury control modules child care training course cpr for the professional rescuer emergency response sport safety training



tissue and organ donation
nationwide, there are hundreds of thousands who could benefit from tissue and thousands more who need organ transplants. for some, a tissue or organ transplantation could be the key to a healthier, more productive life; for others, it could mean life itself.
for every person the red cross is able to help, there are dozens of others whose lives could be saved or enhanced if only the needed tissue or organs become available. people in need of tissue transplants look to the american red cross. since 1982, the american red cross tissue services has provided tissue to people suffering from burns, bone and spinal defects, and heart problems. this service also raises awareness nationwide for the need of both organ and tissue donation.
signing a donor card, or driver’s license, is the first step to becoming a tissue and organ donor. but more importantly, talk to your family and make sure they understand your commitment to donate because their consent is required before tissues and organs can be donated.








we want to thank our many volunteers who donate their time and talents in so many ways. we appreciate all you do, all the time!
inquire now










recent blog posts




no results found
the page you requested could not be found. try refining your search, or use the navigation above to locate the post.















quick links
home
about us
blog
contact us



follow us

followfollowfollow



 







designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 
































