        vedic astrology live on phone by indian astrologer dr. sudhanshu         us-cnd - 213 985 3070  uk - (0131) 208 3170   +91 9810305298      facebook   twitter   google     your astrologermarriage astrology– astrology compatibility– delay in marriage– marriage & manglik dosh– unhappy married lifecareer astrology– fresher’s job (free)– new job when?– promtion when?– business & finance astrologywomen’s stressdon’t know birth time?astro vastuappointment & feescontact us select page     “millionaires don’t use astrologer, billionaires do.” – j. p. morganastrologer dr. sudhanshu->silver jubilee completed this year->time framed & pin point predictions.->flexibility of fees– as per your priority “millionaires don’t use astrologer, billionaires do.” – j. p. morganastrologer dr. sudhanshu->silver jubilee completed this year->time framed & pin point predictions.->flexibility of fees– as per your prioritycontact numbers213 - 985 - 3070(0131) 208 3170(02)- 8003 55708 - 175 - 3670for other countries"call-back (i will call you)"uae & gulfsingaporeeurope & other countriesindia & neighbor countries  one of the oldest in online indian astrology service, since 1998**    
total experience 31 years (because of your support and trust).**   
thousands satisfied & repeat online clients **    
 real time consultation**    
only a local call way**    
variable fee options.**    vedic astrology on phonevedic (indian) astrology reading live on phone – it is the best and most efficient method of astrology reading with an astrologer, as it involves, in real time, direct & both way phone conversation, thereby helping you to ask all related question in mind & clear all doubts about your problems. you will get audio recording by email of the entire conversation so that you can refer it back anytime you want. you may also get the online astrology reading on hangout or skype audio,  video and text chat on so many platforms with astrologer dr. sudhanshu if my phone service is not available for your country.astrology reading –live predictions on phone1- it is live & real-time service – it is the most efficient method, while email reports are neither in real time nor both way conversation. 2- it is free from costly international calls. i can also call you on given countries phones*. now don’t worry about your phone bill. 3- you will get audio recording file- by email. (excluding uae & gulf phone service, but available on skype call) 4- flexibility of fees– as per your priority for appointment.as an astrologer, i can predict and advice in my astrology reading the circumstances you may experience in the inevitable future. as well as can advise you the most efficient way to achieve your targets, resolve your problems and mainly the way to improve the perspective by indian astrology.in my, astrology reading i can suggest the best vedic and astrological way to achieve your future objectives, solve your problems and above all how to optimize the potential that lies within the given circumstances.my predictions based on the advanced system of indian astrology, which is not limited only up to 12 astrology signs. it relies on 27 nakshatras (stars or constellation) and 249 subdivision of the zodiac.i do work for time framed predictions up to the 4th micro level depth of dasha system, so i am giving a very precious range for the timing of the event. *astrology reading ‘call-back’ to your mobile phone is available for only us & canada. for rest other countries, either you may call me from your mobile phone, or i can call on only on your home phone (landline).just one small step today can mean a better tomorrow. book an appointmenthow can you solve your problems and get benefited with indian astrology?marriage astrologyyour all efforts for marriage are in vain?then i can tell you- what are the astrological obstacles, when and how these will end? and marriage when? with all about your married life... read moreunhappy marriage?are you suffering from issues in marriage!!if you are going through stress in love relationship problems, leading unhappy married life, feel not compatible to each other, thinking ... read moredissatisfied career?dissatisfied with your career?maybe you are not satisfied with your current business or job & like to know for better financial position or promotion or new job when ... read moremoney & finance problem?is there financial problem in your business?you are doing hard work in business, but not get satisfactory growth, may face problems, as less profitably, difficulties from govt. dept. etc. read morewhy sudhanshu.com?repeating clientsyears in servicecountries covered%availablitywhat other people are saying?after graduation i was promised a job which was later denied due to recession in the industry. my relatives told me to reach out to dr.sudhanshu and i haven’t looked back ever till date. he not only helped me in landing into a job but also helped me widen my thinking process and the whole perspective to life. i now successfully manage all the expenses of my family and lead a happy life.arjun kapoorsuccessfully leading careerdr.sudhanshu is the most accurate astrologer i ever came across.he is very precise and provides detailed information regarding any astrological queries we may have.i am thankful to him for guiding me with most accurate possible information on my life path.habib khanfrom a broken marriage to a happy life with two beautiful kids. this wouldn’t have been possible without sudhanshu ji. he not only helped me along with the vedic remedies but also went way forward to sort out things between me and my family. had it been for him, i can’t imagine what position would my life be in at this point. he is more than just a guide to us now. thank you.rekha choprahappily married and has 2 healthy kidsmy fiance then and my husband now introduced me to sudhanshuji 5 years back. since then sudhanshuji has been indispensable part of our decision making. he has guided me in terms of my job opportunities, progeny prospects, his predictions and timelines are quite accurate.siddhidr.sudhanshu has been really helpful to me in last 10 years of my journey from jobless career to being managing director at my firm now. when i started consulting him, i wasn’t sure what exactly i was looking for, but as it turned out, this has been a life changing event for me. i would highly recommend his services, advice and guidance to everyone.anas chaudharymanageri have known sudhanshuji for 10 years now. when i met sudhanshuji, my life was in disarray. there was a delay in marriage, career going no where, financially in a difficult spot, and mentally totally broken. i started speaking to sudhanshuji about it and started receiving advise. he provided favorable and unfavorable times for me to take actions.mihironline astrologyvedic astrologymedical astrologylucky gemsremediesnakshatraastrology signszodiac sign    consultpolicytestimonialcontactonline astrologyvedic astrologyastrology readingmedical astrologyastrology softwarelucky gemsremediesnakshatraastrology signszodiac sign consultpolicytestimonialcontact © 1998-2017 astrologer dr. sudhanshu        