


aippi - home - aippi – international association for the protection of intellectual property
 





















































 
 


about aippi

organisational structure
aippi honours
national & regional groups
committees
aippi bylaws


events

world congress


news & reports

newsletter


library

aippi resolutions
aippi publications
video library
law series
privilege project


 


                join us            



                login




                search













 


 











 



                                        sponsorship brochure - 2025 aippi world congress                                    

exciting news! the 2025 aippi world congress is coming to yokohama, japan from 13-16 september.
want to elevate your brand’s presence on a global scale? the sponsorship brochure for yokohama is now available. secure your sponsorship today!


                                        check it out                                    








 



                                        2025 aippi midterm meeting                                     

block 20 – 21 february for the 2025 aippi midterm meeting. not far from the adriatic sea and located in central europe, zagreb, croatia is ready to create a memorable experience!
register now and broaden your knowledge on sep, ai, eu design reform, patentability of psychedelics, upc and so much more!


                                        register                                    


















news & reports





                27.01.25 |                 news 

                aippi job offer: rgt & committee coordinator (100%)            

                the international association for the protection of intellectual property (aippi) is looking for a rgt & committee coordinator (100%)
application deadline: 28 february 2025
            

read more







                22.01.25 |                 newsletter 

                new executive director of aippi            

                aippi is pleased to announce that sue paredi joined the association as its new executive director on 6 january 2025.            

read more






 


                11.12.24 |                 news 

                the sponsorship brochure is here – 2025 aippi world congress            

                exciting news! the 2025 aippi world congress is coming to yokohama, japan from 13-16 september.            

read more






 


                31.01.25 |                 newsletter 

                kicking off the new year – aippi events            

                dear members
dear friends

as the new year is rolling out, we would like to make you attentive to the upcoming aippi activities. from regional gatherings to global congresses, we have put together a diverse programme with several enriching events aimed at fostering research and innovation in all areas of intellectual property and supporting knowledge-sharing experiences among intellectual property (ip) professionals.             

read more







                31.01.25 |                 newsletter 

                evolving industrial design protection in brazil: recent changes and challenges            

                over the past two years, brazil has made significant strides toward aligning its industrial design protection framework with international standards. key developments, including its accession to the hague agreement and the publication of a comprehensive bpto (brazilian pto) manual for industrial designs, aim to enhance brazil's industrial competitiveness and ease of doing business.            

read more







                31.01.25 |                 newsletter 

                updates in brazilian pto’s trademark manual allow slogan registration            

                “everyone wears it - havaianas”, “the real mayonnaise – hellmann’s”, “just do it – nike”, “what else? – nespresso” and “red bull gives you wings – red bull”. these and many other easily recognisable slogans can now be registered as trademarks in brazil, thanks to the new update to the trademark manual  published by the brazilian patent and trademark office (“bpto”) on 27 november 2024.            

read more






                    more news & reports                











about aippi



aippi – international association for the protection of intellectual property
aippi (association internationale pour la protection de la propriété intellectuelle), is the world’s leading non-profit association dedicated to the development and improvement of laws for the protection of intellectual property. it is a politically neutral, non-profit organisation, based in switzerland with over 8000 members worldwide from over 110 countries.

read more









membership



6 good reasons to become a member 

to take part in the improvement and harmonisation of ip laws – by taking part in the resolution process
to meet with ip thought leaders from around the world – by participating in top-notch aippi events
to stay ahead on ip law developments – by having access to the work and know-how of aippi members
to be a thought leader in ip – by joining aippi standing committees which span across all ip fields
to develop other skillsets – by joining aippi statutory committees which help run the association
to build long-standing relationships and friendships – by networking with like-minded professionals


read more















        social media
    











this website uses cookies to improve your experience.
you can find additional information in our cookie & privacy policy.


ok




 



contact
aippi international cookie & privacy policy
international & regional organisations




        subscribe to newsletter
    























 


