




















talent acquisition solutions | pds tech commercial











































 














skip to content













toggle navigation





mypds
where we are
contact us





search


search for:





  search





















toggle navigation




find a job 







read more     


job search
how we help you
job search resources
employee recognition


find a solution 







read more     


staffing solutions
specialized talent categories
engineering services
testimonials


industries 







read more     


aerospace & defense
financial services
automotive
machinery
communications
technology
energy & utilities


about us 







read more     


leadership
where we are
awards


 


mypds
where we are
contact us





search


search for:





  search






















i'm looking for the perfect job	
			              
let's get started   





i'm looking for the right talent	
			              
let's get started   








talent acquisition solutions that create strategic advantage

 
 


pds tech commercial offers talent acquisition solutions in the aerospace, defense, maritime, communications, energy, technology and service industries.
we’re focused on developing strong, lasting relationships with our customers to deliver creative and comprehensive solutions that support their talent acquisition strategies. our flexible business model allows us to provide not only solutions for contract and direct opportunities, but also offload engineering design services, sow projects, and more.
pds tech commercial has recently joined the adecco group. the adecco group is the world’s leading talent solutions and advisory company to make the future work for everyone.




consistently ranked among the nation’s top firms, pds tech commercial ensures fulfillment of your human capital needs by delivering quality talent in minimal time. we also have one of the best records for contractor longevity among staffing agencies.  that translates into more stable workforces, smoother operations, and better results for our customers.
if you’re looking for a talent acquisition partner that is as focused on your success as you are, pds tech is the answer.  to learn how we can help, please contact us today.



 








contractors say...



pds tech commercial is the best recruiting firm that i have worked with over the past three years. their recruiter, mindy, is fantastic! the on-boarding process is flawless and pds is with you throughout your employment at the client site.  if you are looking for a recruiting firm that is easy to work with and works hard to find a job for you, then pds is who you will want to work with.


ralph h. procurement - litchfield park, az



it's about continuity and growth. pds is the go-to company that consistently fills job positions with the aircraft industry's best talent. for seven years, i've relied on pds to connect me to meaningful and always challenging technical work. thanks to my recruiter and her colleagues, the pds team represents a collective pool of skills that continues to grow through those challenges.


joe b. hydraulics & landing gear engineer- greensboro, nc



the pds team has been very efficient in securing a position for me. of the many different contract houses i've used, pds has proven to be on top, both with service and professionalism. highly recommend.


aaron l. aircraft structures mechanic – st. augustine, fl








customers tell us...



pds is a pleasure to work with.  the last several years their performance has continued to improve to what i must call exceptional.  their staff management, attention to detail and customer needs, as well as ensuring both sides are protected from labor issues such as co-employment has been excellent.  their willingness to work with us the customer as a team member, separates and elevates them from other agencies.


dennis, director of customer & operations support



the pds tech commercial team was asked to meet an aggressive schedule and provide a white glove treatment to transition existing contractors to pds without disruption to the business.  because of the complicated details of these assignment requirements, it was a delicate operation to manage.  there were unique challenges that were met with one thing in mind – a professional attitude.  the pds team demonstrated excellent customer service and successfully accomplished the goal on time.  


laura, contract labor administration



it should be noted that pds has been the largest overall supplier of design engineers to our facility since 1992.  pds tech has always worked hard to meet the needs that i put forth.  pds was my largest supplier of electrical and mechanical designers to my program.


david, mechanical engineering dept manager














                ready to take the next step?              
whether you’re an individual seeking challenging work, or an organization seeking talent, we offer a smarter solution. to learn about the benefits of working with us, let’s start the dialogue.

let's get started   














making the future work for everyone





site map
terms and conditions
privacy policy
eeo statement
learn more about the adecco group
 


facebook
linkedin























































































































































































