


the home of the white dragon magazine










your browser does not support script





 . . 
 . . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
contact us
editorial email to rowan at:
editor
technical enquiries 
        only to moonhunter at:
webmaster

or
no email no problem! use our feedback page 


this site was established 29/12/95. unless acknowledged otherwise, 
all material herein is copyright white dragon magazine 1993-2009. 
 
  



 



white dragon was an independent quarterly pagan magazine covering witchcraft, heathenry, 
    the occult and earth mysteries serving the ancient kingdom of mercia in the english midlands. 
    it was published quarterly between samhain 1993 and lughnasa 2009. 
    no subscriptions are being accepted but back issues are available.  
this website is owned by 
    rowan and is in the course of reconstruction 
	(with help from moonhunter) from an active
    magazine into a pagan resource library and sales of some articles and back 
	issues. this is work in progress during 2013 and this means
    that some links may be disabled pending removal or reconstruction. 





 





the annual tenbury wells holly and mistletoe auctions. 
            take place in november and december each year, take a look at what goes on here...... 
  

 

buy the last issue 
 





visit the gazetteer section and read about local sites, this will be expanding in the future to cover sites throughout the uk 



 
 
 
 




buy the back issues  
don't forget to check out the "special offa!"


 

 





 



classics

 

every quarter we will be recommending books for your bookshelf. there will be a selection of "classics" which we believe should probably be on every serious pagan's bookshelf and the best and most interesting of the new books recently reviewed in white dragon with the odd wildcard thrown in for good measure. 
don't forget the book review section where you can take advantage of our link to the amazon online book store and the recommended reading list. 



new books 




          the bardic handbook - 
          by kevan manwaring

          inside the neolithic mind -
          by david  lewis-williams and david pearce 



          pharmako-poeia-
          by dale pendell

          the enchanted land -
          by janet and stuart bord 



          witches, druids and king arthur -
          by ronald hutton 


              the complete gods and goddesses of ancient egypt -
  by richard h wilkinson 






 
 
 
 



 




