








welcome to the "original" cajun fryers - cajun fryer
























































































































				for all of our products, except for accessories, please call 318-258-5507 to inquire about estimated shipping times.
			










								toll free: (800) 908-3037							


login
become a dealer
distributors



skip to content
home
about
products
contact















										0 item									



										(318) 258-3037									




shop by category

search for:


















quality product at a reasonable price with excellent customer service
quality product at a reasonable price with excellent customer service
quality product at a reasonable price with excellent customer service
quality product at a reasonable price with excellent customer service
quality product at a reasonable price with excellent customer service
quality product at a reasonable price with excellent customer service
quality product at a reasonable price with excellent customer service








cajun fryer
smokin' cajun grill
cajun express smoker
cajun boiler
cajun griddle
cajun broiler
accessories




welcome to the “original” cajun fryers




the customer’s needs come first and meeting and exceeding the customer’s expectations is our #1 priority.” it is only in understanding and meeting their needs, that we as a company, can reach our full potential.
our goal is to provide the most attractive, efficient, and well built product available on the market for the most competitive price anywhere!
r & v works is all about providing exceptional value to our customers. we believe that providing versatile, high performance, low maintenance gas fryers with unsurpassed quality will give our customers the greatest all around value for their investment…read more











featured product


ff2s-st 6 gallon 2 basket fryer – with stand
$559.00
this double basket fryer by r&v works is the perfect fryer for your backyard fish fry or to serve french fries, onion rings, appetizers to go along with your bbq. combining approximately 6...
								read more






turkey basket
$47.00
fryer your juicy moist turkeys safely and easily with your cajun fryer and our turkey basket. simply inject and season your bird, place it in the basket. hook the removable handle onto the basket and...
								read more



disclaimer: some items and/or measurements depicted on these videos are for demonstration purposes only and may not be on or different from the actual unit shown. please refer to picture on the website. 

 




product highlights












god inspired. louisiana made.
see what our customers are saying about us
“i am writing to express my extreme level of satisfaction and gratitude to the good people at r&v works.  i purchased their cajun seafood boiler from a buc-ees store in texas a little over a year ago.  i love this seafood boiler because of its e...read more“ed, you will love this fryer and i get 9 months out of the grease and i only use cheap vegetable oil from sam’s club (members mark)!! … you will also find that robert and vicki myers are the nicest, friendliest “real” people ...read moregood morning r&v works-
rec’d ff2x6gal as scheduled on june 12th. prepped and fried fish for 35 anglers attending coastal conservation association event in port o’connor, texas. wow, what a cooker! this is the “real deal” for a fish cooker. at 51 years old, this ...read morethanks very much for your service and friendly staff. i was there today to pick up a cajun fryer and everyone was very helpful, friendly, and down to earth. that’s hard to find these days. y’all make a quality product and everyone we came in contact with was eager to help and direct u...read morethanks for great service,, i ordered a fryer for our jesup boy scouts and had it in 4 days,,, and the quality of product is 2nd to none…we always had a hard time keeping up with french fries for our customers and this year, there was no wait using the cajun fryer… amazing,, works great…than...read moreread all testimonials






home
shop our products
distributors
about us
contact



login/register

					0 items - $0.00 



address: 304 fincher creek rd, homer, la 71040				
									phone: (318) 258-3037
toll free: (800) 908-3037
fax: (318) 258-5340				
									email: sales.ar@cajunfryer.com












copyright © 2025 cajun fryer . all rights reserved.website designed & developed by 

				 online presence builders 
  website design  &  
				seo





















 

homeaboutdistributorsmy accountshopcontactrecipes 





0







0

your cart




your cart is emptyreturn to shop



continue shopping




































































