







whidbey island waldorf school






























































home



our school



land acknowledgement




happening now!




about wiws




community/dei




gender inclusion policies




organization




festival life




coast salish cultural sharing




whidbey island




employment




alumni




inspirations





educational programs



overview




early childhood programs




grades 1-5




grades 6-8




handwork through the grades




spanish through the grades




summer camps





why waldorf?



why waldorf?




faqs




testimonials




waldorf graduates




awsna principles





admissions



application process




admissions continues




tuition




policies






giving




contact us




calendar & events




parent portal





to learn more about whidbey island waldorf school or come for a tour or a walk through the grades, please reach out through the button below.




    connect
  






























































































waldorf school in the big woods






































































































whidbey island waldorf school provides over $500,000 in tuition assistance each year. learn more about this years giving campaign. 





applications 24/25preschool , mixed age kindergartens 1st through 8th gradewiws offers a rolling admissions process - you can enroll throughout the year.




    connect with us
  










1st-8th grade at wiws
enrolling now!










arts integrated education
early childhood through grade 8










early childhood programs 
little woods toddlers, huckleberry & thimbleberry preschools, cedar grove, apple blossom and meadow kindergartens. serving children from 15 months - 6 years. hybrid (indoor/outdoor) and outdoor classes.










diversity, equity & inclusion
the coast salish cultural gathering, ever evolving curriculum, new libraries










wiws faculty & staff 










 



wiws embodies a contemporary expression of waldorf education. our students are met with openness to possibility, given time and tools to develop resiliency, and taught skills to turn challenges into opportunities. we value a progressive approach to waldorf, in which new ideas, practices, and styles are incorporated to support and enrich each student’s experience. waldorf education at wiws offers families a learning environment blessed by its location amidst the forest conservation lands owned by the whidbey institute and rooted in the belief that children are spiritual as well as physical beings. our waldorf teachers work out of a keen understanding of child development to cultivate each child’s capacities so that they can unfold their best selves.space. presence. attunement.in this uncertain time, we know one thing that will never change: parents want their children in a warm and nurturing environment where their child is truly known.curious to learn more? wiws nurtures children to become world citizens who think independently,  serve others and take action for the common good.




    admissions
  














































































































































































































































































































































































































 







































































































“”the children who grow up in this school are incredibly self-aware and self-expressed, with poise and charisma that is rare. the amazing fabric of interwoven community not only holds up the children, but also the parents and families – a testament to the commitment of faculty, administration and parent bodies.””

—  denis zimmermann, wiws alum & current parent



waldorf schools, including wiws, are not no-tech - rather, we are slow-tech. we encourage placing great value on the intention behind technology use and the ways in which it works as a critical tool in our modern world. starting in the 6th grade, our students participate in a unique cyber civics curriculum that prepares students to be ethical, digital citizens and teaches them to leverage the power of technology. our alumni speak often to the value of an education that places human connection first, and technology as a tool.  so while computers may be used at home to support research in middle school, we encourage direct inquiry, observation and experience of all subject matters. our students are experiencing their curriculum immediately through action, observation, contemplation and embodied response. 




““we will always be advocates for the school as it gave our kids and family so much! we now have two mature young adults that are comfortable and confident in themselves,and happy and thriving in their chosen professions, largely due to waldorf.””

— sarah hess, alum parent



 see below for a virtual tour of wiws













our communitymore than an inspired school in a lovely setting, wiws is also a community of students, their parents, teachers and friends joined together for the nurturing of the free and creative individual and for service to the greater good. whidbey island waldorf school provides an incomparably beautiful and healthy place to raise and educate children to be prepared for the rapidly changing post-modern world.




    learn more
  













admissionswaldorf education is unique because your child is unique. our teaching approach meets each child where they are—academically, socially and emotionally—to help your child become the best thinker, student, leader, and citizen of the world they can be. come for a visit during one of our walk through the grades or take a personal campus tour and you’ll begin to see what makes wiws different from all other schools.




    apply
  













whidbey islandjust an hour north of seattle, and ten minutes from langley-by-the-sea, whidbey island is a paradise of natural beauty and community living. our waldorf school offers the best of educational possibilities combined with the beauty, calm and safety of island living. nestled into 106 acres of deep forest preserve, and neighbors to whidbey institute, wiws’s holistic, enlivening curriculum thrives.  




    visit us
  

 











our mission
whidbey island waldorf school nurtures children to become world citizens who think independently, serve others and take action for the common good. wiws is committed to supporting the evolution of human consciousness through the education of its students. guided by love for each student and inspired by spiritual striving, wiws teachers lead students through an educational journey that honors each stage of child development, fostering a life-long love of learning. thus nurtured, enlivened and empowered, students build a foundation that supports their ultimate emergence as free and responsive adults.



learn more









““our highest endeavor must be to develop free human beings who are able out of their own initiative to impart purpose and direction to their lives.”rudolf steiner, founder of waldorf education”

— quote source













support us
wiws is an independent school and 5013c non profit. help us to nurture, grow and support our inspired education. support our school with a tax-deductible gift today! whole child, whole world.



donate


















waldorf 100
the film "learn to change the world" shows people from around the world who work on the big pedagogical tasks of our time based on waldorf/steiner pedagogy. it is the first of more to come which aim to show concrete approaches to these tasks.



watch now








wiws happenings







newsletter mailing list 
curious about whidbey island waldorf events & educational opportunities? subscribe to our mailing list for up to date wiws info!





first name



last name




email address






connect





we respect your privacy.
thank you!









    2024-2025 academic calendar
  



download the academic calendar to your phone or computer.location: 6335 old pietila rd.clinton, wa 98236mailing:  po box 469, clinton, wa, 98236phone: 360-341-5686email: info@wiws.org







































    give to wiws
  

 



































 




contact us




apply




calendar




give


































