





rob's performance motorsports dealer | powersports vehicles for sale, financing, service and parts in johnson creek near milwaukee & madison, wi
























































®







































































										e-newsletter
									

										sign-up
									








like rob's performance motorsports on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow rob's performance motorsports on instagram! (opens in new window)





check out the rob's performance motorsports youtube channel! (opens in new window)











920-699-3288





text us!





map / hours





601 county rd y | po box 159 | 
johnson creek,

wi

53038











toggle navigation
 
 
 





home


vehicles

all inventory
new inventory
pre-owned inventory
manufacturer showroom
get a quote
finance
value your trade
schedule a test ride
promotions
contact us
can-am®
sea-doo
ski-doo
lynx®



shopping

online store

returns / exchanges



services

service department
service appointments
spyder laser alignments
parts department
parts request
parts finder




info

info
map & hours
our awards
s.o.a.r.
learn to ride
meet our staff
employment
event calendar

newsletter signup
read testimonials
submit a testimonial
photos
contact us


contact








go



rob's performance motorsports

601 county rd y | po box 159
 johnson creek, wi 53038
us

phone: 920-699-3288
email: info@robsperformance.com,morgan@robsperformance.com,woxvqgsk@mailparser.io

fax:
			920-699-3287
















































rob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jeffersonrob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jefferson
rob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jeffersonrob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jefferson
rob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jeffersonrob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jefferson
rob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jeffersonrob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jefferson
rob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jeffersonrob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jefferson
rob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jeffersonrob's performance motorsports - new and pre-owned powersports vehicles, financing, service and parts in johnson creek, wi, near aztalan, ebenezer, farmington and jefferson
for a limited time, pre order a 2025 can-am 3-wheel vehicle and get an extra year of coverage. can-am onroad. financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months and a rebate of up to $2,000 on select 2022 can-am 3-wheel models. get offer. 
ktm. naked truth. special finance rates available on select ktm street models* ktm. naked truth. special finance rates available on select ktm street models* 








previous



pause



next




















new
inventory











pre-owned
inventory











accessories
+ apparel












get
financed














								schedule
							

								service
							







								parts
							

								finder
							







								s.o.a.r
							

								info
							







								events
							

								calendar
							











featured new











price$5,995.00
conditionnew
year2022
maketriton trailers
modelfit10x72
type
class
stock #020960
notessale price $3996
mileage0


2022triton trailersfit10x72












price$14,976.00
conditionpre-owned
year2024
makeski-doo
modelmxz® x-rs® rotax® 850 e-tec 137 ripsaw 1.25 shox 10.25 black
typesnowmobile
classtrail
stock #000008
noteswarranty until 11/30/2025
mileage632


2024ski-doomxz® x-rs® rotax® 850 e-tec 137 ripsaw 1.25 shox 10.25 black












price$29,996.00
conditionnew
year2023
makesea-doo
modelswitch® sport 21-230 hp
typeboat
classpontoon
stock #47530
notesprice includes trailer
overlay textreduced price
mileage0


2023sea-dooswitch® sport 21-230 hp












see more














atv's
browse











utv's
browse











motorcycles
browse











dirt bikes
browse














spyder/ryker
browse











snowmobiles
browse











watercraft
browse











trailers
browse













							customer
						

							testimonials
						




								+ see more
							












"i wanted a 1200 4-tec mxz tnt and with the rebate and 0% finance offer i figured it was a great time to buy one. unfortunately rob's were sold out. dave price was able to find one from another dealer. he drove to monroe, wi on a thursday morning before he had to work at 9am, and picked it up for me. i was leaving for a week long trip up north that coming monday and together with the service department they had it studded and ready for pick up that saturday morning. thanks to both dave and the service department for such excellent service. they really go out of their way to make sure the customer is satisfied!! "
- mark wilberg, stoughton, wi




"dave price was outstanding in helping our family determine what seadoo best fit our needs. his professionalism and willingness to answer questions and make sure we understood the capabilities of our selection was outstanding.

once the jet ski was delivered he went beyond a normal demonstration and explanation to make sure we were comfortable with its operation and handling.

rob's motorsports is the best!! great sales service and customer satisfaction. "
- suellyn, oconomowoc, wi




i just wanted to thank you for the excellent service and outstanding job you guys did. my girlfriend totaled our 2013 mxz we bought from david. i made one call to him, he explained everything we needed to do to get it rolling with the insurance company. i explained i thought it was totaled and he should find us a new one. upon getting it to your shop, the guys in service were excellent and super friendly in helping us unload. clint took care of getting it in an appraised as soon as he could. david spent time with us finding the sled that would fit shawn to a t. i cant say enough about the staff you have assembled at your store. thank you for being a customer service orientated dealer, we have bought three new sleds in four years from you. we will be back, hopefully under different conditions next time.

- scott frye, milton, wi











welcome to rob's
performance motorsports

601 county rd y | po box 159 | johnson creek, wi 53038
welcome to rob's performance, where the variety of powersports products is second to none. in all of johnson creek, wi, there isn't a friendlier or more knowledgeable staff than ours. we're happy to help you find either the perfect recreational vehicle or the parts you've been looking for. check out our catalogs to see what we have. if you need help in making your selection, call or stop in—we're always ready to help! we are family-owned and operated and conveniently located in johnson creek, wi. rob's performance can provide you with the latest and best in powersports products to make your outdoor living more enjoyable. from the most recent in atv technology to the hottest new snowmobiles, we can help you find the recreational vehicle that’s made for you. combine this wide array of selections with our friendly and knowledgeable staff, and we're convinced rob's performance will become your only stop for all of your powersports needs.
we know individuality is important, which is why we pay close attention to the interests of each customer. from the minute you walk through the door, meeting your needs is our top priority. founded not only on excellent customer service, but also on the principles of hard work and a focused attitude.rob's performance has a long list of satisfied customers. call or stop by, and you’ll be glad you did.

+ read more















									featured
								

									video
								


+ see more














contact






601 county rd y | po box 159
johnson creek, wi 53038
								


920-699-3288
+ map & hours







quick links





+ home
+ vehicles
+ shopping
+ services
+ info
+ s.o.a.r info
+ contact








store hours





monday closed
tuesday 9am-6pm
wednesday 9am-6pm
thursday 9am-6pm
friday 9am-5pm
saturday 9am-2pm
sunday closed





social media




like rob's performance motorsports on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow rob's performance motorsports on instagram! (opens in new window)





check out the rob's performance motorsports youtube channel! (opens in new window)




copyright© 2025 dealer spike all rights reserved

privacy |
					policy |
					terms |
					site map




dealer spike (opens in new window)











































