

china granite countertop vanitytop prefabricated slabs granite supplier



















a leading manufacturers and exporter of granite products.


home|about |stone products |
building material|contact| custom service




stone supplies 
countertops
granite vantity tops
marble vantity tops
granite sinks
marble sinks
granite tiles
mosaic
fire place
paver stone
stone carving
slate stone tiles 
tumble stone tiles 
stone tools
china granite 
sample images
foreign granite 
sample images
more products
mosaic
liminated pattern tiles 
border
stainless sinks
ceramic sinks
copper sinks
cabinet
glass sinks
faucet
hard floor 
bar stool
glass carving 
news
detai
custome service 
price lists 
stone select 
price factor 
need samples and small order 
how to do business with us
ship prices
inspection service
how to reduce the purchase cost 
business reference 
contact
xiamen granite industry co.,ltd
    add:62-603# liangfeng busness town, xiamen, china 
    tel:+86-592-5966719
    fax:+86-592-5970922
    m.t:+86013606092196(english line) 
    mail:xmtomfan@gmail.com
     tomfan@xmgranitetiles.com



about us :xiamen granite industry co.,ltd.


xiamen granite industry co.,ltd. is one of the leading manufacturers and exporter of stone products,and exporting granite&marble tiles,countertops,vanity tops,prefabricated slabs, mosaic,laminated pattern tiles, border, fire place,paver stone,stone tools,granite sink,marble sink,stainless steel sink,ceramic sink, hand hammered copper sinks, faucet, bath accessory ,cabinet ,hard floor,bar stool, shower wall tub surround and etc. 





production procedure : marble vantity  tops 

marble,limestone,travertine vanity tops for hotel,apartment or condo
we specilized in marble vanity tops manufacture and process with  ripe technology.with rich experience in vanity tops' manufacture,we have supply our products to best western hotel,holiday inn,hilton hotel,etc. contact us for samples or prices list now!           
                

production procedure :prefabricated granite vanity tops and tub surround 

cheap colors and functional for large stock sale for hotel projects 
vanity tops and tub surrounds(shower wall plates) are major products that imported from china. for vanity tops with more hand finish.tub surround may be in thin thickness and easy for installed in bathroom. so the best is order them from china to get cheap price with good quality and also fast delivery.contact us for samples or prices list now! 





production procedure : tiles 

rich colors and competitive prices


rich colors for you choose, large output per day let you enjoy our very competitive prices. every piece inspected by our quality checker. surface honed, polished, flamed, sandblasted, bush-hammered are available. contact us for samples or prices list now! 

granite countertops :

for stock sell and project 
we specialize in manufacture prefabricated slabs, kitchen tops, round tables. china original, foreign original color are available. for these products with more hand finish. experience workers with lower cost, higher finished let our prices are cheaper more than the prices that you get from original country. we are familiar with usa, canada, england and new zealand market quality request. contact us now and let us make money together.





granite vanity tops : 

high quality and competitive prices 
we have already successful provided vanity tops, shower wall, windows sills and etc. for holiday inn, hilton hotel, hammpton inn, best western and a lot of different class hotel. strong wood crate let our products no broken in you site. high quality and competitive prices let you can defeat competitor. 

laminated pattern tiles & pattern:

with natural pattern and veins 
 laminated pattern tiles is composed of a thin layer of natural stone and a ceramic(or granite)base. it has the same external appearance as natural stone, with natural pattern and veins on the surface, it is ideal for commercial buildings, hotels, high-class public buildings, shopping centers, villas, apartments, shops and etc. 





sandstone : 

for wall cladding tiles and brick, paving
our company mainly long-term cooperates  with sandstone factories from sichuan, yunnan, shandong,  with rich color choice. we have intimate knowledge of  sandstone of china  and have close relationship with the factories, therefore, we can quote you  competitive price with high quality. free samples are available, welcome to e-mail  us to be required. more information you may need, please feel free to contact  us.

granite cube and pave stone : 

specialize in all kinds of cubestone
   xiamen granite industry co.,ltd. is one professional manufacturer specialize 
                  in all kinds of cubestone, pave stone kerbstone and so on. 
                  1. paving field: cube stone, paving stone, tumble stone, cobblestone, 
                  kerbstone, most is according to the different project. 
                  we supply sell granite paving and pave stone and other products in different 
                  specifications. 



china granite : 

rich colors for you choose 
 a lot of beautiful colors for you choose. stone industry in our area is so mature that make us provide you incredible low price with international quality standard. see our colors lists to know china granite. talking with us to running this business. it is simple and can let your business grew quickly and make a lot of money. 
see all colors! 

foreign granite : 

the price is cheaper in xiamen 
   xiamen as the one of largest world stone foreign trade port and the perfect auxiliary facilities. choose a company with fine and professional like us order foreign granite products with more hand finish. the price that you get from us are cheaper than you from original countries. click here to see some common colors that handle on foreign granite. 





granite sinks & marble sinks : 

doesn't buy you produce of your customs? 
 granite sinks & marble sinks are very beautiful and popular in american family. allows us to offer you the high quality granite sinks & marble sinks at extremely competitive prices.if you a super-market director. you sell very nice granite sinks & marble sinks moreover the price is cheaper. doesn't buy you produce of your customs? 

handhammered copper sinks : 

specializing in mexican style copper sinks 
  we now decide to make hand hammered copper sinks for all over the world. as you know copper sinks usually made in usa or mexican. but i would like let you know the copper craft from china. we do make it in a village which with more than 2000 years in copper craft. our copper farmhouse sinks are manufactured with pure copper. 






stainless sinks : usa style

you can get them in shipping cost free
according our usa and europe customer request, now we are successful to provide our customer stainless sink which can match usa and europe standard and quality, for granite are big density products, there are enough space for us to load stainless sink on the top of container case, the shipping cost you have already paid so you can get them in shipping cost free. 


stainless sinks : euro style

you can get them in shipping cost free
according our usa and europe customer request, now we are successful to provide our customer stainless sink which can match usa and europe standard and quality, for granite are big density products, there are enough space for us to load stainless sink on the top of container case, the shipping cost you have already paid so you can get them in shipping cost free. 




glass vessel sinks 

you can get them in shipping cost free 
 this elegant glass vessel sink comes in several sizes and colors.
                  and it is very practical the glass sink makes popular products because of sophisticated
                  design.careful processing and the variety of patterns.these versatile glass sinks are also stain resistant .and can be cleaned,with any commonly used household 
                  or commercial strength product .there is no need to worry about these sinks
                  becoming cloudy or rust marked over time.
 

gazebo : 

custom designs are also available
  here are our unique hand carved stone gazebos with elegance style and ornate wrought iron dome.various materials including marble limestone travertine and sandstone, can be chosen while you want to match your garden and village yard. we will carve your favorite gazebo as your pictures and drawings. these design gazebos with their natural appearance are very well suited for parks and gardens. 



gazebo : 

custom designs are also available
  here are our unique hand carved stone gazebos with elegance style and ornate wrought iron dome.various materials including marble limestone travertine and sandstone, can be chosen while you want to match your garden and village yard. we will carve your favorite gazebo as your pictures and drawings. these design gazebos with their natural appearance are very well suited for parks and gardens. 

stone bathtub:

custom designs are also available
our company offers various selection of stone materials and patterns such as polished marble bathtubs, bush hammered granite bath tubs, honed limestone bathtubs, rough travertine bath tubs,and copper bathtub. no matter what shapes and stones you choose, our custom order makes it possible to finish your high-end projects. if you are planning a project and have one in hand, please discuss with us for your specific needs, we will try our best to deliver the right stuff to make it happen. 





multi purpose stone storage rocks  : 

you can get them in shipping cost free


our multi-purpose stone storage racks can last forever and be loaded in the gaps between two granite crates to prop up these two crates to prevent your granite products from damages. after they arrive your warehouse, they can be assembled easily and fastly to hold up the slabs, countertops, vanitytops which are unloading from your containers. so you can get them in free shipping cost.
                

a-frame stone storage rocks: 

you can get them in shipping cost free 
our a-frame stone storage racks can last forever and be loaded in the gaps between two granite crates to prop up these two crates to prevent your granite products from damages. after they arrive your warehouse, they can be assembled easily and fastly to hold up the slabs, countertops, vanitytops which are unloading from your containers. so you can get them in free shipping cost. 





faucet : 

high quality kitchen & bar faucets
 we expend a lot of time and the energy, search for the faucet that it's suit usa and europe market for customer. our partner can model the faucet of koher brand, you only cost 1/5 up 1/10 the price of these faucet in usa may buy us products, the mean that your profit is 5 up 10 fold. i reckon that you can't let slip the opportunity present. contact us at once!

cabinet : 

try to order cabinet with us
 now most of our customers deal in granite countertops and cabinet too. there is one customer of usa have a good source in cabinet. he usually transport cabinet to our port and mix our containers, so we are familiar with this cabinet source, and sure can provide you first class solid wood cabinet with usa style and quantity, maple, oak and birch are available. try to order cabinet with us. i sure you can make 3 times profits in this products.



bathroom accessories : 

bath hardware 
 we have a good partner who own die-casting, polishing and electro-plating. and with full experience and long histories export. this make us can provide you first class to usa style and quality bathroom accessories, brass fittings. price is so cheap, just pay 20% that you buy from homedepot. why not choose us as supplier to help you to defeat your competitors when you bid hotel project. contact us now for a detailed price list. 

glass carving : 

profit of more than 10 times
 glass carving is very beautiful and popular in usa. as we know,if you are living seattle you have to order few piece glass carving from the factory which may located new york city.you will have to pay very expensive transportation cost and take risk of broken. there are a lot of workshops and small factories located xiamen deal glass art carving.order with us, you can enjoy more than 10 times profit from these products.


bar stool : 

cnf usa = fob xiamen 
 we have a good partner. specialize in a lot of kinds of bar stools for export usa and european. it's popular for hotels, project, coffee bar and restaurant! welcome granite buyers order our granite products and bar stools together. because you have already paid shipping freight for granite container. so you enjoy bar stools price of cnf usa = fob xiamen!
              (normally there are 3 times up difference between cnf usa and retail price in usa .)      see prices


 



 





© copyright 1998-2005 xiamen granite industry co.,ltd.| home | about | contact | sitemap | 


