

feng shui prophet - a guide to chinese feng shui, taoism and chi














feng 
                          shui prophet









feng 
                                    shui




tao 
                                    & chi




elements




living guide




others




fu gallery




glossary




web shui




site map












feng shui 


feng 
                                    shui and geomancy is a science of buildings, land, and burial sites and it has 
                                    more than 2000 years history original from china. the first official record in 
                                    china history is in "yi jing" (or i ching) 
                                    which is ancient chinese decision making tool. it's one of two most famous chinese 
                                    oracle, has been consulted in one form or another since the bronze age, and people 
                                    of every era have benefited from its timeless wisdom. it gives people ideas how 
                                    to evaluate the living and professional environment, making decision on life and 
                                    optimize life on relationship, career, business and an overall harmony. 

                                    i have been studying chinese traditional geomancy since 1983, and also a 
                                    feng shui and yi jing addict. fortunate or unfortunate as that may seem, i am 
                                    trying my best to put my knowledge in this area to use for the greater good. feng 
                                    shui, i believe it can help people to arrange everything around us in a way that 
                                    enable us to achieve a greater harmony with our living environment, relationships,  
                                    business and career development. 
                                    what i have done here on my site is 
                                      introduced some most important components in feng shui to help you find the beneficial and unhealthy situations in your home and your life, 
                                      some feng shui cures also come with the bad feng shui, 
                                      forum can be used for feng shui discussion with each other. hopefully, once you 
                                      are armed with this information, you will be able to make a more comfortable life.
use 
                                      the top menu or site map to get around the site, post generic 
                                      questions into our forum, email me or find a feng 
                                      shui master if you wish a professional consultant for your home and business 
                                      area.
i'd love to hear you comments as well, so please contact me and let 
                                      me know what you think!
best wishes
jason
support@fengshuiprophet.com 
                                      (email addresses link is not active in an attempt to avoid spam.)
 
new! feng shui fu gallery - 450 different writing in chinese 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 
if 
                                      you can read simplified chinese, here's a good website you can learn the chinese family
 


feng 
                                      shui - elements - living guide - glossary - web 
                                      shui - site map 


site 
                                      provided by tellwut online surveys
















