 





 



no more panic







no more panic










































 












↓ skip to main content














home
forum
articles

problems/issues

panic attacks
anxiety
ocd
depression
symptoms
self esteem


health worries

health anxiety
self harm
ibs
palpitations
liver function


phobias

general info
social phobia
specific phobias
agoraphobia
aviophobia
dental


remedies

natural remedies
therapy
hypnotherapy
reiki
mindfulness
medication


self help

first steps
coping
finding help


personal stories

my story
members’ stories


creativity

members’ poems


research/info

articles / info


books

books


medication

medication library




about

team


chat room
games
shop
donate
links
news






			no more panic		

			"support is just a click away"		
this site provides valuable information for sufferers and carers of people with panic, anxiety, phobias and obsessive compulsive disorders (ocd). its purpose is to provide members with support, advice and a chance to meet like-minded people and make friends along the way. you should use the website information, message forum and chat room alongside any care you are currently receiving from your physician.


					view articles				







 

our articlesusing the articles on this website we hope that you can find support, information and answers to many of your questions surrounding these disorders and, in time, make a full recovery like many of our members have.donationsno more panic is a totally free service and soley funded by advertising and voluntary donations from its members. if you have found no more panic to be useful why not consider a small donation to help us keep the site running?



community foruma progressive message forum offering support and advice to sufferers and carers. ask for help and advice, support others in similar situations, tell us your successes, or arrange to meet up with fellow members. whatever you need, you will find it on the message forum.online shopthe shop contains a variety of products related to panic and anxiety. all profit from purchases made in the shop help contribute towards the running of no more panic so please browse around. 



community chatchat ‘live’ with like-minded people. make new friends; get support; ask for help/advice or just somewhere to chill-out. the chat room offers all of these and never shuts. you will need to register on the forum to be able to access the chat room.the teamthe no more panic team are all voluntary members and anxiety sufferers who give up their free time to develop, run and moderate the website, forum and live chat room.






new to no more panic?  
the forum
the articles
the chatroom
the nmp shop
conduct





popular places 
the forum
the chatroom
links
contact us





miscellaneous 
change ad consent
do not sell my data
cookies
terms and conditions
credits
members list





follow us  
facebook
twitter

























 




			© 2025
				no more panic			


↑


				responsive theme
			powered by 
				wordpress





this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept



















