


uk franchise market franchise business













 


 
the guide to the  uk franchise market






the 
                    guide to the uk franchise market 










 


franchise lists by business sectors            
               
























































 


 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 









welcome to the 
                    franchise business. our aim is to provide you with all the information 
                    you need to make an informed decision as to whether franchising 
                    is for you. the site provides you with information on over 170 of 
                    the leading uk franchises and advice to help you make the right 
                    choice. you can select from our alphabetical or category listings.
there are franchise opportunities available in almost every business sector and the choice can be overwhelming. through this site and our franchise finder service we will help you to look at the market and to establish how you can best utilise your drive, enthusiasm and your transferable skills.
 






free 
                        help - finding the right franchise 
need 
                          help finding the right franchise we can help. complete our short form and we will help. 
 it's 
                          free and could save you thousands. more


 


case studies
                        many franchisees are happy to share their experiences more
press releases
keep up to date with what is happening, direct from the franchisors. more






franchising leading the recovery- july 2016
it may be doom and gloom in the press and on the news and some people will be worried about their jobs following the brexit decision.

                          we still believe however that franchising has a great deal to offer as part of the recovery as it's solid principles, training and support networks provide an excellent way for franchisees to build a safe and secure future for their families.

never undervalue the fact that whilst franchising can provide a solid proven system on which to build a business, it only works when allied to the hard work and determination that a successful franchisee brings.




natwest franchise survey 
franchising has been in robust health for many years, despite the u.k.'s economic downturn, but the 2015 survey reveals how it continues to go from strength to strength.

franchising contributed £15.1bn to the uk economy last year, an increase of 46% over the past ten years and up more than 10% since the last survey was published in 2013. according to the research, the sector now employs 621,000 people, of which 321,000 are in full-time employment. this also represents an increase of over 10% since 2013 and 70% over the last ten years. reflecting an upward trend in employment, the survey revealed that a third of franchise-owned businesses now employ ten or more staff.   
further findings show that the number of franchise-owned businesses increased by 14% in the space two years, hitting 44,200 in 2015, with over half reporting an annual turnover of more than £250,000.

                          more impressive still, a record 97% of franchise-owned outlets reported profitability last year, with 56% saying they are 'quite' or 'very' profitable. this coincides with a low rate of commercial failure: just 1% of franchise businesses had to close their doors for this reason in 2015









franchise opportunities represent an excellent way to get into business. they allow a franchisee to build on a successful and proven business format with strong methods,  systems and brand awareness.  never for one minute believe that is enough. it still takes hard work, dedication, enthusiasm and energy to make your business a success.














franchise news 
2016 franchisee of the year finalists revealed
strong analyst rakings for belvoir lettings
15 mums take on creative station franchises 
fashion company abi fisher to launch own brand and franchise model




bfa hsbc franchisor of the year awards 2016
                                  water babieswere named as franchisor of the year gold award winners at this years bfa awards. 
runners up were home instead with era picking up the bronze award.
other winners on the night were:
                                  home instead - franchisee recruiitment award
                                  o2 - 
                                customer focus
                                mcdonalds - innovation award
                                buzylizzie - emerging franchise award.
                                
 



 







a bit of sceptism on both sides is a good thing for the initial franchise interview. both sides should be asking themselves can i work with this person. relationships are important , make sure you meet the franchise manager that will be working with you.





the franchise business 
                              6 wight view, bembridge drive, hayling island, hampshire. 
                              po11 
                              9ln
                              telephone: 023 9246 2111 info@franchisebusiness.co.uk


the franchise business
                          6 wight view, bembridge drive, hayling island, hampshire. 
                          po11 
                          9ln
                        telephone: 023 9246 2111 info@franchisebusiness.co.uk














 














































 

































 


















 



 
 




































