





home - dj history




































 







read
chat
listen
store
 

skip to content




read
chat
listen
store
 











  
djhistory podcast - richard sen (djh025)
djhistory podcast - richard sen (djh025) » listen here



  
james hamilton’s disco pages 1975-1982
james hamilton’s disco pages 1975-1982 » buy



  
mystery mix - moonboots (djhmm025)
mystery mix - moonboots (djhmm025) » listen here



  
djhistory podcast - scuba (djh024)
djhistory podcast - scuba (djh024) » listen here



  
mystery mix - prins thomas (djhmm024)
mystery mix - prins thomas (djhmm024) » listen here



  
dream machines: electronic music in britain from doctor who to acid house by mathew collin
dream machines: electronic music in britain from doctor who to acid house by mathew collin » buy



  
outlaws: fashion renegades of leigh bowery's 1980s london
outlaws dives into the anarchic energy of london’s 1980s club scene, celebrating the avant-garde, experimental designs of leigh bowery and his fellow fashion renegades. » buy



  
djhistory podcast - dj kerry (djh023)
djhistory podcast - dj kerry (djh023) » listen here



  
clubbed: a visual history of uk club culture
the book features logos, posters, photography, stickers, tickets, menus, cover art, signage, lanyards, fonts and, yes, flyers from the last 35 years.   the deluxe hardback features a dazzling collection of never-before-published materials and a specially commissioned editorial from bill brewster. the highly-produced cover features diamond dust mimicking a dark and ethereal club environment. » buy



  
mystery mix - in flagranti (djhmm022)
mystery mix - in flagranti (djhmm022) » listen here



  
djhistory podcast - eric kupper (djh022)
djhistory podcast - eric kupper (djh022) » listen here



  
mystery mix - bill brewster (djhmm022)
mystery mix - bill brewster (djhmm022) » listen here



  
djhistory podcast - marshall jefferson (djh021)
latest podcast in the djh series » listen here



  
djhistory mystery mix - rosy ross (djhmm021)
latest podcast in the djh series  » listen here



  
radiant: the life and line of keith haring
a stunning life of the iconic american artist, keith haring, by the acclaimed biographer brad gooch. » buy



  
djhistory podcast - kampire (djh020)
latest podcast in the djh series  » listen here



  
the secret public by jon savage
a monumental history of the lgbtq influence on popular culture, from the award-winning, sunday times-bestselling author. » buy



  
mystery mix - the nightlark (djhmm020)
latest mix in the djh series » listen here



  
djhistory podcast - fred everything (djh017)
latest podcast in the djh series  » listen here











latest








 
james hamilton’s disco pages 1975-82
an essential volume of charts and reviews detailing seven crucial years of pure history at the ground zero of uk dance music.







 
the radiophonic workshop saw the sines
thanks to the labyrinthine bbc, from 1958 onwards a number of maverick music-makers found themselves in an electronic playroom with all the latest gear.







 
matthew collin was wise to our altered state
his book altered state was the first to take acid house seriously and remains a classic. here he recalls the turbulent excitement of 1988’s summer of love







 
martyn ware built electric foundations
first with the human league, and then with bef and heaven 17, martyn ware turned electronic experimentation into pop hits.







 
fred deakin spent a life in clubs
after a life spent on the frontlines of clubbing, lemon jelly’s fred deakin knows a thing or two about the human drive to hit the dancefloor.







 
boy george broke all taboos
though born a superstar, george didn’t immediately realise you had to actually do something in order for the rest of the world to notice. so he quickly became a singer.







 
classic clubs: taboo








 
mark moore was a true believer
switched on by punk and the blitz and the eclecticism of the ’80s, mark moore cut to the future and adopted an all-house soundtrack as soon as it was possible. 







 
fat tony doesn’t take requests
djing with supermodels is all in a day’s work for fat tony, a dj with four decades of celebrity-splattered mischief behind him. read how clubland’s best-connected spinner pulled himself back from the abyss.







 
david morales feels it
the globetrotting superstar gives an insider’s history of remixing and a  passionate explanation of djing greatness.







 
tony smith did it barefoot
pioneering new york disco dj tony smith remembers the early 70s superstars of the scene, including walter gibbons and larry levan.







 
classic clubs: the dorian gray
sarah gregory takes us through frankfurt airport to a nightclub that, well before berghain or panorama bar, helped define german clubbing from the late 1970s 







 
danny krivit rolled through disco
the edits legend, rollerdisco ruler, body & soul founder, and 718 sessions supremo started as a pint-sized selector in his father’s bar, aged nine.







 
larry levan and the lost art of djing
the wild man of disco, larry levan showed just how much power and emotion a dj can wield, setting the bar high for all who followed.







 
eddy grant defined the frontline
eddie grant arrived in britain on a mission to define its musical future. from the multiracial pop of the equals to the much-sampled grooves of ‘california style’ he ignored boundaries and expanded possibilities.







 
strange things happened to richard norris














larry levan's 70th birthday








 
larry levan and the lost art of djing
the wild man of disco, larry levan showed just how much power and emotion a dj can wield, setting the bar high for all who followed.







 
judy weinstein made dance music count
perhaps new york’s greatest industry figure, judy weinstein built the structures behind much of the modern dance business, not least with her famous def mix productions.







 
danny krivit rolled through disco
the edits legend, rollerdisco ruler, body & soul founder, and 718 sessions supremo started as a pint-sized selector in his father’s bar, aged nine.







 
johnny dynell is the daddy of downtown
johnny dynell has all the best stories – from accidentally becoming a dj at the mudd club, learning the craft from the great larry levan, to making the first vogueing record and living next to sid vicious.







 
tony smith did it barefoot
pioneering new york disco dj tony smith remembers the early 70s superstars of the scene, including walter gibbons and larry levan.













50 years of hip hop








 
kool herc gave hip hop its break
for the inspired innovation of playing a montage of breaks instead of whole records, kool herc is the founding father of hip hop. in this brilliant 1998 interview he takes us on a guided tour of the sacred sites of early hip hop.







 
yo! the early years of rap, 1982-84
an access-all-areas pass to the early years of hip hop. wonderful unguarded photos from when it was all still a party.







 
fab 5 freddy made it fresh and fly
the great ambassador of hip hop waxes lyrical about the early scene with a sense of detail that puts you right in the heart of the action. 







 
kool lady blue brought hip hop together
wowed by the first flowerings of hip hop, englishwoman ruza blue gave the emerging culture a wild weekly showcase at her legendary nights at the roxy. 







 
guru & run dmc spilled the beans
a rare meeting of hip hop giants as gang starr’s guru interviewed run dmc back in 1993, confessing how much influence they had on him, and asking those all-important questions about sneakers with no laces.







 
breaks in the air – the birth of rap radio in new york city
hip-hop history is mostly made of records and clubs, john klaess shows that radio deserves more of a look-in, arguing that these on-air communities were key to the development of the culture. 













electronic pioneers








 
the radiophonic workshop saw the sines
thanks to the labyrinthine bbc, from 1958 onwards a number of maverick music-makers found themselves in an electronic playroom with all the latest gear.







 
matthew collin was wise to our altered state
his book altered state was the first to take acid house seriously and remains a classic. here he recalls the turbulent excitement of 1988’s summer of love







 
martyn ware built electric foundations
first with the human league, and then with bef and heaven 17, martyn ware turned electronic experimentation into pop hits.







 
strange things happened to richard norris








 
pete bellotte got everything in synth
best known for his work as writer and co-producer for donna summer’s many hits, pete bellotte based her concept albums on english literature. he went on to write over 500 songs for the great and good of popular music.







 
giorgio moroder electrified us
giorgio moroder is electronic music royalty. by sequencing notes from the moog synthesiser, with pete bellotte and donnna summer, he gave us ‘i feel love’, the blueprint for making songs with just electronics and a voice.







 
don lewis changed electronic music
before passing away in 2022, don lewis helped shape and define electronic music with his work on drum machines and synthesisers







 
richard burgess changed the electronic landscape
richard burgess has been at the vanguard of electronic music from the days of house-sized synths













ibiza '89








 
lisa loud turns up the volume
the hard house star on learning her craft in front of 25,000 ravers and her formative years as a balearic amnesiac.







 
ibiza ’89
this brilliantly evocative time capsule captures scallies dancing with princesses and pop stars under the ibizan sunshine.







 
dave swindells snapped it up
the veteran nightlife writer and lensman talks us through his incredible four-decades archive of after-dark london.







 
nancy noise brought ibiza home
one of our favourite djs regales us with stories from her formative years soaking up the balearic beats at amnesia, ibiza.







 
trevor fung invented ibiza
soulboy and acid house blockbuster dj, trevor was instrumental in bringing the ibiza spirit to london.













celebrating black british music








 
eddy grant defined the frontline
eddie grant arrived in britain on a mission to define its musical future. from the multiracial pop of the equals to the much-sampled grooves of ‘california style’ he ignored boundaries and expanded possibilities.







 
normski shot the stars
well over 30 years at the coalface of street culture, normski guides us from his camden town roots, through to dance energy, snapping amazing photos along the way







 
norman jay has his groove rare
london legend norman jay takes us through a guided tour of some of london’s greatest parties 







 
jazzie b took his sound to the world
with soul ii soul, jazzie b took the ’80s soul-driven confidence of black britain, crystallised it into a sound and took it to the world. 







 
fabio went into the jungle
drum and bass pioneer fabio talks us through the jungle laboratory of rage and the extended musical journey that led him there. 













50 years of wigan casino








 
keb darge dug for gold
it started with northern soul, but keb’s restlessness introduced the world to his deep funk sets and his current love, garage







 
‘farmer’ carl dene had all the tunes
before northern soul and post-mod, farmer carl dene, joined the dots, helping lay the path for dj connoisseurship and rare records







 
colin curtis led the way
colin curtis has been at the forefront of dj culture from the early 1970s right through to today (he appeared on boiler room in 2022), here he explains his 50 year journey 







 
roger eagle spun the wheel
in ’60s manchester at the twisted wheel all-nighters, tastemaker roger eagle sowed the seeds of northern soul by playing the hottest imported rhythm and blues.







 
ian dewhirst keeps the faith
as memories of wigan casino turn 50, the fast-talking dj, compiler and label boss regales us with a barrage of atmospheric stories from the northern soul years.













dancefloor pride








 
boy george broke all taboos
though born a superstar, george didn’t immediately realise you had to actually do something in order for the rest of the world to notice. so he quickly became a singer.







 
classic clubs: taboo








 
mark moore was a true believer
switched on by punk and the blitz and the eclecticism of the ’80s, mark moore cut to the future and adopted an all-house soundtrack as soon as it was possible. 







 
fat tony doesn’t take requests
djing with supermodels is all in a day’s work for fat tony, a dj with four decades of celebrity-splattered mischief behind him. read how clubland’s best-connected spinner pulled himself back from the abyss.







 
kath mcdermott preaches pride and passion
homoelectric and haçienda shero kath mcdermott is a firm believer that dancing is political action.







 
gay bar – why we went out
jeremy atherton-lin’s brilliant history of gay public spaces is worth it for his hilarious turn-of-phrase alone.







 
tallulah paved the way
the trailblazing london dj soundtracked london’s coming out. raucous tales of gay life from the ’60s to the ’00s







 
ballroom blitz, 1991
tens across the board! hit the runway for a glimpse into the ’90s new york ballroom scene, complete with a collection of competion programmes. you better work!







 
dj paulette fleshes it out
after 30 years behind the decks, dj paulette is surveying the scene and writing a book. we spoke about her inexorable rise to fabulousness, and why there still isn’t a female david guetta.













djhistorypodcast
every month bill brewster delves deep with the biggest names in dance music.





latest episode : djh025
richard sen
listen here

 
» view all podcasts













 


radiant: the life and line of keith haring

buy now





 


clubbed: a visual history of uk club culture

buy now





 


strange things are happening by richard norris

buy now










sign up to the monthly dj history newsletter for latest articles and member exclusives













djhistory is the brainchild of authors bill brewster and frank broughton, founded in 1999 to preserve dance music history and create a fertile landscape for the djs of the future.




sections
read
chat
listen
store
about djhistory
 

help
privacy policy
contact us
 

follow
instagram
tiktok
twitter
facebook
mixcloud
spotify
 




© 2022 djhistory limited
site by wellmade










