









home - cannon bar works, ltd.




























































































 














 search


about cannon bar works, ltd. since 1955, cannon has been dedicated to manufacturing “the best bar – bar none!”®
our objective has always been to provide professional chainsaw users with the highest quality chainsaw bar at the fairest possible price.
for many years, we have provided bars to the forest industry in the united states and canada where only the highest quality bar stands a chance of longevity.

get in touch
604.856.6682 or 1-888.604.9990 info@cannonbar.com www.cannonbar.com cannon bar works ltd.
5525 272 street, unit a120
parkland business centre
langley, bc canada  v4w 1p1 mon. - thurs. - 7:30 - 5pm pst
friday - 7:30 - 4pm pst
closed all weekends and
statutory canadian holidays
quick linksbar finder
where to buy
careers
useful information
faq’s
 






call us now! 888.604.9990info@cannonbar.com



 



 

 

              the best bars bar none!            




 





just type and press 'enter'




 






toggle menu 

              skip to content              
home

about us


bars

cannon duralite superbar
chainsaw bars
carving bars
harvester & slashing bars
chainsaw milling bars
competition bars
package and bundle cutting bars
specialty bars
bar tips & accessories


bar finder
where to buy

buy online
find a dealer


useful information
contact
careers
faq’s


























superbars, supermini bars, carving bars, 
							harvester/slashing, sawmilling & specialty bars 
							
 



cannon duralite superbar 
							our first light-weight chainsaw bar 
							available in 16", 18", 20", 24", 28", 32", and 36" 
							
 


•  cannon arbor tip 
							•  cannon toonie tip 
							•  cannon quarter tip 
							•  cannon dime tip 
							 


 


 


 





cannon bar works ltd.manufacturing high-quality saw chain guide bars since 1955cannon chainsaw bars







cannon chainsaw bars range from narrow kerf pro-user to large nose bars for extreme cutting conditions to the professional falling and bucking bars, anywhere from 12″ to 84″.


cannon carver bars







our cannon carver bars are all reinforced with a custom cobalt alloy tip providing even more endurance. used for carving and fine detailing to log home building, ranging from 8″ to 20″.


cannon harvester bars







the cannon harvester bars come both in .404″ and 3/4″ pitch. these bars are used for mechanized log harvesting and processing. the lengths range from 17″ – 39″ (.404″, .080″) to 28″ – 55″ (3/4″, .122″).


cannon narrow kerf bars







the new cannon supermini bar is designed for use with narrow kerf and low profile chain.  the supermini allows you to run longer bars on smaller saws. available from 12” to 32” in all common mounts. the small radius sprocket nose and narrow profile make the supermini ideal for log home construction and tree service work.


cannon bars are demanded by discriminating quality-conscious professionals.find your nearest dealer  cannon chainsaw milling bars







cannon sawmiller bars are available in standard lengths from 44” to 84”. they feature a wide profile, precision ground grooves and superb materials to provide for the straightest possible cuts.  they can be used with almost all types of chainsaw mills or with double powerheads. great for a two man team or portable mill operation.


cannon bundle cutting bars







cannon packagepro bars are designed to provide exceptional durability and reparability for all types of bundle or package cutting machines. these are the bars that are used on l-m and holtec style bundle or package cutting machines. they are available in .063″, .080″ and .122″ gauges with standard lengths of up to 96”.


cannon competition bars







cannon competition bars, our hotsaw, fat belly racing bars are made for chainsaw racing at the highest level. coming in 16″, 20″, 25″ and 30″. these bars also accept low resistance roller nose sprockets.


cannon specialty bars







cannon specializes in making custom bars for almost any application including mounting bars for chainsaw driven accessories, extra-long double ended bars for milling or slab cutting, special bars for cutting unusual materials; we have even made bars for cutting underwater and for a veterinary dentist.


find the best bar for your saw and application 






cannonbarworks















load more...






follow us        








what customers are saying



the best customer service ever, you located a much needed cannon saw bar replacing one that i lost in a fire. the quality of cannon bars is second to none. thank you.
  bruce



obviously i can get cheaper bars but the quality, durability of cannon bars save me money as they last me over three times longer than any offering on the market!
  mike b



i wanted to take a minute and write a thank you for the great bars your company makes for my chainsaws. your products are outstanding and i use them almost daily in my woodworking business on my chainsaws for my mill. they're an essential part of my business and couldn't do without, not to mention great quality and reliability. top notch!
  cory j. maletsky



i really like cannon bars, it's all i buy anymore.
  km



i have been carving for thirteen years. i had always used another company's bars, and recently tried yours. your bars hold the chain in perfect alignment and the chain does not get kinky, which used to drive me crazy. i would seem that all my troubles are gone! thank you for excellent quality and workmanship. you have a very happy and satisfied customer here.
  df


 














about cannon bar works since 1955, cannon has been dedicated to manufacturing “the best bar – bar none!”®
our objective has always been to provide professional chainsaw users with the highest quality chainsaw bar at the fairest possible price.
for many years, we have provided bars to the forest industry in the united states and canada where only the highest quality bar stands a chance of longevity.

 

our pdf brochures • hand held chainsaws and firewood processors
• mechanized harvesting and package cutting
• why cannon?
• cannon part numbering system
• cannon adaptor plates
• cannon superbars
• cannon duralite superbars
• cannon supermini bars
• cannon carving bars
• cannon double ended milling bars
• cannon carpenter and pruning bars
• cannon firewood processing, mounting, and competition bars
• motor mount cross over – superbars, supermini, and carving bars
• motor mount cross over – carpenter, pruning, rescue, firewood processing, mounting, and double ended milling bars
• motor mount cross over – mechanized harvesting
 

 

register for our e-newsletter 





												email address											







												your name											











 submit 






 

get in touch
604.856.6682 or 1-888.604.9990 info@cannonbar.com www.cannonbar.com cannon bar works ltd.
5525 272 street, unit a120
parkland business centre
langley, bc canada  v4w 1p1 mon. - thurs. - 7:30am - 4:30pm pst
friday - 8:30am - 2:00pm pst
closed all weekends and canadian statutory holidays
 








bar finder
where to buy
careers
useful information
faq’s
 

copyright © 2025 cannon bar works, ltd.. all rights reserved.

 

 





















































