


	u.s. southern command official website
























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.









skip to main content (press enter).




toggle navigation








u.s. southern command


                    southcom
                






search


search u.s. southern command: 


search




search u.s. southern command: 


search










home
		


about



about main
            


area of responsibility
            


leadership
            


southcom components and units
            


history
            


southcom inspector general
            




commander's priorities



commander's priorities main
            


strengthen partnerships



building partner capacity
            


foreign disaster relief
            


humanitarian assistance
            


human rights
            


southcom's women peace and security (wps) program
            


theater maintenance partnership initiative (tmpi)
            


state partnership program in latin america and the caribbean
            




counter threats
            


build our team
            




media



media main
            


news
            


press releases
            


photos
            


videos
            


speeches | transcripts
            


special coverage
            




usag-m / military-family services



u.s. army garrison-miami
            


overview of services at southcom
            


about the southcom installation and local community
            


miami family and mwr



army community services
            


child, youth and school services
            


leisure travel services
            


fitness center
            




visiting southcom
            


army health clinic southcom
            


hurricane preparedness info
            


conference center of the americas
            


theater clearance info
            


southcom chaplain
            


team southcom - total engagement for all members of u.s. southern command
            


logistics readiness center-miami
            


public notice – environmental assessment for the construction of a military housing development
            


sharp (sapr)
            




newcomers



newcomers main
            


sponsor request
            


directions to southcom
            


army newcomers
            


navy newcomers
            


air force newcomers
            


marine corps newcomers
            


coast guard newcomers
            


reserve newcomers
            


civilian newcomers
            


contractor newcomers
            


family member newcomers
            


newcomers to overseas locations in southcom
            




work with us



employment | careers
            


public / private cooperation
            


operational contract support
            


southcom industry engagement
            




foia



foia main
            


how to file a foia request
            


foia fees and exemptions
            


your foia rights
            


​foia reading room
            




contact



contact southcom
            


community requests
            


faq
            


contact southcom inspector general
            


directions to southcom
            






















home


























service members support illegal alien holding operations at  naval station guantanamo bay
u.s. military service members at naval station guantanamo bay are supporting illegal alien holding operations led by the department of homeland security.













dod support to haiti
the department of defense is providing support to the multinational security support (mss) mission in haiti.















latest news and releases





u.s. navy leaders observe joint task force southern guard operations




            feb. 6, 2025 - rear adm. carlos sardiello, commander u.s. naval forces southern command/u.s. 4th fleet, and rear adm. john hewitt, commander, navy region southeast, visited joint task force southern guard onboard naval station guantanamo bay (nsgb) february 5 and 6, as the joint task force prepares to receive illegal aliens from the united states. sardiello and hewitt accompanied adm. alvin holsey, commander, u.s. southern command, during the visit.
        



first flight of illegal aliens arrives at guantanamo




            feb. 5, 2025 - at naval station guantanamo bay, the 10 high-threat illegal aliens who recently arrived are being housed in vacant detention facilities. they are not being held alongside war on terror detainees who also reside at the installation. 
        



u.s. army south leads joint task force in support of illegal alien holding operation in guantanamo bay




            feb. 4, 2025 - at the direction of the president of the united states, and in coordination with the department of homeland security (dhs) and the department of defense, u.s. army south (usarsouth) has assumed responsibility as the lead joint task force for ongoing illegal alien holding operations at naval station guantanamo bay, cuba.
        



uss st. louis (lcs-19) supports operation southern guard at naval station guantanamo bay




            feb. 4, 2025 - naval station guantanamo bay, cuba  - the freedom-variant littoral combat ship uss st. louis (lcs 19) is moored at u.s. naval station guantanamo bay (nsgb) and the crew is supporting the expansion of the base’s migrant operations center as part of operation southern guard.




u.s. military troops arrive at naval station guantanamo bay for illegal alien holding operations




            feb. 3, 2025 - at the direction of the president of the united states to the department of homeland security (dhs) and the department of defense, u.s. military service members arrived at naval station guantanamo bay this weekend where they joined service members already at the base supporting illegal alien removal operations led by dhs.
        



national guard, southcom leaders discuss partnerships in latin america, caribbean




            jan. 24, 2025 - adjutant generals and other senior national guard leaders from 19 states, the district of columbia, puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands, met at u.s. southern command (southcom) in doral, florida, jan. 22-23 to discuss their longstanding partnerships with countries in the caribbean, central america and south america.
        


more 







photos
















































































































































































































































































































our priorities



 strengthen partnerships




counter threats





build our team









southcom strategy









click to download command strategy










southcom commander




navy adm. alvin holsey is the commander of u.s. southern command. he assumed command nov. 7, 2024.
adm. holsey's bio
 








a network of mutual support: total engagement for all members of u.s. southern command, or team southcom, is a command-sponsored organization that aims to support command service members, civilians and family members -- in south florida and assigned throughout the region.

































stay connected












southcom components

air forces southern

u.s. army south

u.s. marine corps forces, south


 
u.s. naval forces southern command /
u.s. 4th fleet


special operations command south
 









southcom task forces
joint task force-bravo

joint task force-guantanamo

joint interagency task force south

direct reporting units


western hemisphere institute for security cooperation


naval small craft instruction & technical training school


inter american air forces academy











southcom access
portals & collaborative sites:
 


webmail - cac access
microsoft office home - cac access
telework access for southcom personnel
nipr/internal portals
apan (all partners access network)


sites of interest:

theater clearance info
army health clinic southcom
conference center of the americas 
 



 southcom sharp













quick links
defense.gov | contact us | southcom faq | dvids | usa.gov | available jobs within dod | privacy and security | dod privacy program | links disclaimer | dod inspector general | southcom inspector general | dod section 508 | join the military | dod web policies | no fear act  | dod resources |  dod foia | southcom foia | plain writing act | information quality 








hosted by defense media activity - web.mil












