





















































center for comparative studies in race & ethnicity










skip to main content


stanford university



center for comparative studies in race & ethnicity




stanford


center for comparative studies 
in race and ethnicity
 school of humanities and sciences






search









      menu
      

about
            toggle about
          director's welcome2023-24 annual reportabout the centerhistory of ccsre
            toggle history of ccsre
          annual report archiveccsre 25th anniversary bookcontact usmake a giftpeople
            toggle people
          ccsre teamfaculty development initiative (fdi)affiliated facultycurrent lecturersstudent leadershipgraduate fellowsvisiting fellowsnational advisory boardacademic programs
            toggle academic programs
          welcomeasian american studieschicana/o-latina/o studies
            toggle chicana/o-latina/o studies
          ernesto galarza lecturescomparative studies in race and ethnicityjewish studiesnative american studiesph.d. minor in comparative studies in race & ethnicityundergraduate resources
            toggle undergraduate resources
          overviewhow to declarefaqs (undergraduate)ay 24-25 courseshonorsundergraduate fellowships
            toggle undergraduate fellowships
          community-based research fellowshippraxis fellowshipcurrent fellows and projectsawardsforms & linksccsre loungeproject archivesself-designed coursework
            toggle self-designed coursework
          student-initiated coursesdirected readingdirected researchgraduate programs
            toggle graduate programs
          ccsre graduate programscsre phd minor
            toggle csre phd minor
          degree requirements and declaration processcurrent coursescsre ph.d. minor frequently asked questionsmeet the minorsgraduate fellows programs 
            toggle graduate fellows programs 
          ccsre emerging scholars
            toggle ccsre emerging scholars
          past ccsre graduate fellowsgraduate dissertation fellowship
            toggle graduate dissertation fellowship
          past dissertation fellowsccsre graduate teaching fellows program
            toggle ccsre graduate teaching fellows program
          past teaching fellowstechnology & racial equity graduate fellowshipresearch funding opportunitiesopen positionskeep in touchresearch institute
            toggle research institute
          welcomeresearch institute spotlightsfaculty seminar seriesfaculty research fellows
            toggle faculty research fellows
          past faculty research fellowsfaculty research networksfaculty-led research projects
            toggle faculty-led research projects
          the perfecto projectaftermaths of enslavement: curating legaciesimagining justiceexpanding the disciplinepast faculty-led projectsresearch funding opportunities and awards
            toggle research funding opportunities and awards
          research institute mentoring awardopen positionsstanford ccsre libraries access fellowshipcentering race in the arts and humanities consortium (crc)
            toggle centering race in the arts and humanities consortium (crc)
          mellon arts fellowship programcrc conferences
            toggle crc conferences
          stanford university: race and the speculativecrc projects
            toggle crc projects
          teaching race graduate fellowshipccsre public writing fellowshiptechnology & racial equity initiative
            toggle technology & racial equity initiative
          technology & racial equity practioner fellowshiptechnology & racial equity graduate fellowshiptechnology & racial equity projects
            toggle technology & racial equity projects
          2021 tech & racial equity online conference: anti-racist technologies for a just future
            toggle 2021 tech & racial equity online conference: anti-racist technologies for a just future
          speakersraceworksccsre affiliated faculty publications
            toggle ccsre affiliated faculty publications
          su press book seriesstanford journal of asian american studiesevents & newsupcoming eventskieve lecturespotlightsccsre archive
            toggle ccsre archive
          ccsre storiespast eventspast ccsre enewslettersweekly newsletter signup form 














 
 

special winter series faculty seminar series: research in the real world with forrest stuart and community partners"increasing engagement and decreasing crime in san francisco"moderator by tomás r. jiménezfebruary 19 | 12:00 - 1:30 pm | mendenhall library, room 101 rsvp




asian american studies & chicana/o-latina/o studies 2025 open housefebruary 20 | 12-1:20 pm | building 360, conference roomcome join us to learn more about major and minor requirements, course offerings, and additional resources for students in our programs.rsvp




book talk, what side are you on?: a tohono o'odham life across bordersfebruary 26 | 4-6 pm | building 360, conference roommike wilson and josé antonio lucero shed light on the struggles and resilience of native peoples across the americas.rsvp




faculty research network with tareq baconi“gaza as epicenter: reflections on the genocide”february 27 | 12 pm | building 360, conference roommore information




previousnext













main content start











our mission: to advance racial equity through interdisciplinary education, innovative research, and community engagement.

















center for comparative studies in race & ethnicity - resource list on the gaza/israel crisis



in line with our mission to support teaching and research in comparative studies of race and ethnicity, and with sincere care for the diverse perspectives and experiences of our faculty, staff, and students, we have assembled a compendium of scholarly articles and opinion pieces that offer context for what happened on the border of israel on october 7 and what is happening right now in gaza. we invited five faculty members who are affiliated with ccsre to provide a curated list of sources providing histories, analyses, and perspectives on the ongoing conflict; they were generous in their willingness to do so. we do not presume that this list of resources is exhaustive or offers a resolution. rather, we hope to help illuminate some of the complex and fundamental issues that underlie what is happening in israel and palestine. we hope this can be one small step toward understanding how we might work together for a more just and peaceful world.we encourage you to review the report by the subcommittee on antisemitism and anti-israeli bias and the report by the muslim, arab, and palestinian communities committee.paula m. l. moya, ccsre faculty directoralfredo j. artiles, faculty director of the research institute ramón saldívar, faculty director of academic programsstephen m. sano, faculty director of asian american studiesjosé david saldivar, faculty director of chicana/o-latina/o studiesteresa d. lafromboise, faculty director of native american studiessteven j. zipperstein, faculty director of the taube center for jewish studies








from ari y. kelman, jim joseph professor of education and jewish studies


read comedian and writer david baddiel’s “jews don’t count: how identity politics failed one particular identity” about why jews are often excluded from discussions about ethnic minorities.read james loeffler’s chapter on “anti-zionism” in the volume key concepts in the study of antisemitism edited by sol goldberg, scott ury, and kalman weiser (palgrave macmillan 2021).read derek j. penslar’s 2001 article “zionism, colonialism and postcolonialism” in the journal of israeli history 20 (2-3): 84-98. see also penslar’s book zionism: an emotional state (rutgers 2023). it is a superb analysis of why israel—and the ideology that inspired it—evoke such strong reactions from all sides of the political and cultural spectrum. penslar holds the chair in jewish history at harvard.read ronen bergman’s book, rise and kill first: the secret history of israel's targeted assassinations. it is a deeply researched journalistic history of israel’s targeted killing program. it is haunting, horrifying, humanizing, and both a cautionary tale and a powerful glimpse into the evolution of the psyche of israel’s military and intelligence leadership.








from alexander key, associate professor of comparative literature


read adania shibli's touch, the luminous short story of a girl's horizons growing up in palestine that launched the author’s career (clockroot books, 2010).read tareq baconi's "author's statement (2024)," his overview of what has happened in palestine since his book hamas contained: the rise and pacification of palestinian resistance was published in 2018: "when hamas contained was published in 2018, it looked as if israel’s blockade over the gaza strip was immovable. shortly after the book’s release, an event transpired that signaled the possibility of a different future..."graham usher’s book, dispatches from palestine: the rise and fall of the oslo peace process (pluto press 1999), is an excellent analysis of the "oslo" period from 1993 to 1998, a period that saw massive political changes that largely created the twenty-first century landscape of palestine and israel. the book covers the palestinian authority, the major political actor in the west bank and gaza alongside hamas, in detail. sara roy’s book hamas and civil society in gaza: engaging the islamist social sector (princeton 2013) provides a history of the movement up to 2013 and analysis of its social and governmental roles.








from jonathan rosa, associate professor in the graduate school of education


read an interview that anthropologist sa’ed atshan, associate professor of peace and conflict studies at swarthmore college, gave about his book queer palestine and the empire of critique (2020, stanford up). the book brings critical attention to pinkwashing efforts that have mobilized narratives of queer inclusion in israel to obscure the brutality of its colonial occupation of palestine. pdf of interview.feminist studies and critical race and ethnic studies professor jennifer lynn kelly's book, invited to witness: solidarity tourism across occupied palestine (duke 2023), provides a powerful account of the strategic use of tourism as a political strategy for challenging colonial relations and structures. read more in her piece for the uc santa cruz humanities institute. read here a short piece in truthout that presents some key points from indigenous studies and comparative literature scholar steven salaita’s book inter/nationalism: decolonizing native america and palestine. the book engages in a careful relational race and ethnic studies analysis to argue for the significance of connecting native american and palestinian political struggles. see here a video-taped conversation between noura erakat and educational anthropologist marc lamont hill and president of rethinking foreign policy mitchell plitnick, the authors of except for palestine: the limits of progressive politics. the book is an important account of how advocates for various justice struggles are systematically unwilling or unable to address existential colonial violence in palestine.








from shirin sinnar, william w. and gertrude h. saunders professor of law


read noura erakat’s justice for some: law and the question of palestine (stanford 2019), especially the introduction, chapter 1 and conclusionread lisa stampnizky’s disciplining terror: how experts invented “terrorism,” (cambridge 2013) especially chapter 5: “terrorism fever: the first war on terror and the politicization of expertise.” dr. stampnizky is lecturer in politics at the university of sheffield.listen to (or read the transcript of) this podcast, in which  ezra klein interviews aslı ü. bâli.see here the human rights watch website on israel/palestine.








from steven zipperstein, daniel e. koshland professor in jewish culture and history and faculty director of the taube center for jewish studies


see here a short piece entitled “on slaughter and solidarity” by vashti reporters david feldman and brendan mcgeever on the crucial distinctions between antisemitism and anti-zionism where they differ and where they intersect.  feldman, a historian, is director of a leading center for the study of antisemitism in london. pdfsee here a remembrance by journalist bradly burston of vivian silver who was murdered on october 7 and was a co-founder of women wage peace, an israeli-palestinian peacemaking organization. pdfsee here a recent article entitled “even the oppressed have obligations: not every act of resistance is justified.” the piece by michael walzer, american political theorist and professor emeritus for the institute for advanced study at princeton, was published in the atlantic. pdfsee here a short article entitled “toward a humane left” that was authored by journalist, editor, and translator joshua leifer and published in dissent magazine. pdf











academic programs












 








 eva saenz presenting at the 2023 community engaged scholarship symposium





undergraduate










 








 2019-2020 grad fellows travel to the san francisco immigration court to observe the master calendar hearings





graduate










research institute












 








 isaiah berry philips presenting at the 2024 mellon arts fellows showcase





research institute programs










 








 tommy orange giving the 20th annual anne & loren kieve distinguished lecture





events










spotlights






 










 









research in the real world: showcasing partnership research for change-making scholarship on race, ethnicity, and inequality


produced in collaboration with the institute for advancing just societies, research in the real world is a special edition of the ccsre faculty seminar series – a cornerstone of the research institute's annual programming. through facilitated…









 









 new award honors exceptional mentors 


the research institute of ccsre is dedicated to fostering vibrant intergenerational and interdisciplinary networks of outstanding scholars who are deeply invested in the study and teaching of race, ethnicity, and inequality across disciplines and…









 









an engaging paper-mâché doll-making workshop with artist ramona garcia


on wednesday january 22nd, we had the wonderful opportunity to host ramona garcia, a paper-mâché and visual artist who draws inspiration from her cultural heritage and mexican healing traditions, especially folk art and the craft of paper-mâché doll…




browse more spotlights


















 









leila tamale


csre class of 2024




as an ethnic studies scholar, justice and liberation are some of my core values. i chose this discipline to be my academic home because of its origins in the organizing and action of black and brown students in the late 60s (right here in the bay!) during the third world liberation front movement, and how those radical roots inform the values and praxis of ethnic studies spaces and scholarships today. i have learning from and supported various social justice movements, including climate justice, gun control, black lives matter, and the rights of the gender marginalized.






 


affiliated faculty publications








 








legal phantoms: executive action and the haunting failures of immigration law


            jennifer chacón
      









 








system error: where big tech went wrong and how we can reboot 


            rob  reich
      , 
            mehran sahami
      , 
            jeremy m weinstein
      









 








in the shadow of liberty: the invisible history of immigrant detention in the united states 


            ana raquel minian
      









 








decolonizing linguistics


            anne h. charity hudley
      









 








manifesto for a dream: inequality, constraint, and radical reform


            michelle jackson 
      




see more faculty publications









back to top













quick links
upcoming events undergraduate resources  subscribe to our weekly enewsletter faculty and staff resources


support ccsre
make a gift


connect with us
connect with us on linkedin connect with us on facebook connect with us on instagram check out our youtube channel


center for comparative studies in race & ethnicity
450 jane stanford way, building 360
stanford university, main quad
internal mail code: 2152
stanford, ca 94305
phone: (650) 724-3468
campus map
 




 












sunet login







  stanforduniversity





stanford home
maps & directions
search stanford
emergency info


terms of use
privacy
copyright
trademarks
non-discrimination
accessibility



© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






