     bmw dealer in edison, nj | used cars edison | open road bmw of edison                                 














                               


















                                 

welcome to open road bmw of edison

 certified center






sales 732-839-4599
service 732-985-4575
parts 732-379-5382




 sales732-839-4599
 service732-985-4575
 parts732-379-5382




720 us-1 edison, nj 08817
directions























open road bmw of edison





















 sales732-839-4599
 service732-985-4575
 parts732-379-5382
 pre-owned732-839-4500







720 us-1 edison, nj 08817
directions






                 new   buy online   search inventory   schedule test drive   build your own bmw   luxury class   bmw m5 sedan   ultimate bmw buying experience   the bmw m5 touring     bmw certified & pre-owned   certified pre-owned   search inventory   bmw certified offers   vehicles under 15k   schedule test drive   sell/trade   trade appraisal     bmw electric   bmw electric models   bmw ev lifestyle   complimentary bmw charging   bmw i4   bmw i5   bmw ix   bmw i7   electric special offers     offers   offers   new lease and finance specials   national bmw incentives   service loaner specials   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program   pre-owned specials     service & parts   service & parts   bmw value service    schedule service   service & parts specials   bmw tire center   parts   check vehicle for recalls   accessories estore   bmw certified collision center   service & parts, buy now & pay later     finance   finance   get pre-approved   bmw financial services   bmw credit application   lease return center     about   about   our dealership   hablamos español   review us   contact us   hours & directions   my bmw app   open road auto group   careers   bmw m certified                     home   new   buy online   search inventory   schedule test drive   build your own bmw   luxury class   bmw m5 sedan   ultimate bmw buying experience   the bmw m5 touring     bmw certified & pre-owned   certified pre-owned   search inventory   bmw certified offers   vehicles under 15k   schedule test drive   sell/trade   trade appraisal     bmw electric   bmw electric models   bmw ev lifestyle   complimentary bmw charging   bmw i4   bmw i5   bmw ix   bmw i7   electric special offers     offers   offers   new lease and finance specials   national bmw incentives   service loaner specials   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program   pre-owned specials     service & parts   service & parts   bmw value service    schedule service   service & parts specials   bmw tire center   parts   check vehicle for recalls   accessories estore   bmw certified collision center   service & parts, buy now & pay later     finance   finance   get pre-approved   bmw financial services   bmw credit application   lease return center     about   about   our dealership   hablamos español   review us   contact us   hours & directions   my bmw app   open road auto group   careers   bmw m certified               


schedule service
inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





 


  


get
financing



 
 


  


view
specials



 
 


  


trade
appraisal



 
 


  


test
drive



 


       search new inventory      search used inventory        

      click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details                                                                                                                     
          bmw vehicles
      the 2 series finally, the rebels have a cause. from performance and handling that make your pulse race faster to a rich sports car heritage, this is a vehicle that’s all heart and pure bmw. get behind the wheel of the bmw 2 series, and let your emotions have their way with you. available in a coupe and a convertible.    new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible         the 3 series pure driving pleasure the sports sedan that started it all continues its exciting evolution with bold styling, modern finishes, and intuitive technology. the 3 series brings power and innovation together in a sedan made to move – from the inline 4-cylinder engine in the 330i models to an integrated electric motor in the 330e plug-in hybrid.    new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible         the 4 series only one word describes it: un4gettable. it's impossible to see the bmw 4 series coupe, convertible and gran coupe and not feel their athleticism. yes, they were born from the iconic 3 series. but, a sleeker, more aggressive design matched with thrilling power makes each 4 series model stand out in its own beguiling way.   new pre-owned available in coupe, gran coupe, and convertible         the 5 series sophistication, turbocharged. since its inception, the 5 series has combined legendary bmw performance with a level of refinement that knows no equal. with leading innovations in both driving dynamics and interior technology, the all-new 5 series is just as ambitious as those who drive it.    new pre-owned available in sedan and gran turismo         the 7 series the future of luxury is here. the bmw 7 series reaches new altitudes in technology, comfort, and performance while integrating them seamlessly into a luxury experience for both drivers and passengers. with more innovations than any other car in its class and a wealth of athleticism, the 7 series effortlessly takes the pole position for the future of luxury travel.   new pre-owned available in sedan         the 8 series awaken adrenaline. the incredible bmw 8 series reinvented to thrill the senses. muscular, sleek, and striking, this series combines motorsport heritage with the very latest design and technology.   new pre-owned available in coupe and convertible.         x models versatility without limits. when bmw built the first x5, they didn’t just create another suv. instead, they invented something entirely new: the sports activity vehicle®. by fusing ample space with dynamic power and sleek design, each sav® delivers the thrills of a bmw. and along with the unique sports activity coupe®, there truly is an x perfect for every adventure.   new pre-owned available in sports activity vehicle and sports activity coupe.         the bmw z4 redefining the roadster. a true roadster in every sense of the word, this two-seater with its long hood and low-slung stance can make a striking impression just as fast as it can propel you down the road. all with just one question: top up or down?   new pre-owned available in roadster.         m models the most powerful letter in the world. packed with power normally reserved for the track, m generates performance unlike anything else. and after four decades of delivering hair-raising thrills, it's still pushing the limits. but don’t just take our word for it. grip the wheel of any of our 10 m models—from coupes to convertibles to sports activity vehicle® – and elevate your adrenaline rushes to a whole new level.   new pre-owned m models available in sedan, coupe, gran coupe, convertible, sports activity vehicle and sports activity coupe         bmw i every great revolution begins with a charge. it started with a vision. a vision to completely reimagine the future of mobility and rethink what it means to drive an electric vehicle. and here we are—this vision is now a reality. meet the all-electric bmw i3 and the plug-in hybrid bmw i8. it's time to forget everything you once thought about electric cars and imagine a world powered by performance, design, innovation, and efficiency. this is the world of bmw i.   new pre-owned            series selector: 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / x / z4 / m / bmw i     
    the 2 series finally, the rebels have a cause.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 3 series pure driving pleasure  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 4 series only one word describes it: un4gettable.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 5 series sophistication, turbocharged.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 7 series the future of luxury is here.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the 8 series awaken adrenaline.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        x models versatility without limits.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        the bmw z4 redefining the roadster.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        m models the most powerful letter in the world.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned        bmw i every great revolution begins with a charge.  new pre-owned          new pre-owned           schedule service appointment when you own the ultimate driving machine, you should get the service to match. schedule now     original bmw batteries the only way to start. schedule now     bmw value service premium parts & service.powerful value.bmw value service. learn more          
       

open road bmw of edison
 in edison, nj
open road bmw is located in edison, nj. we've been proudly serving the plainfield, new brunswick, staten island areas, and our customer care continues long after you buy or lease a bmw - thanks to our dedicated car service and auto repair team. open road bmw makes the process of securing your next bmw easy. stop in or give us a call at (732) 839-4599 and see what makes us different!
more about us


     

schedule your test drive with the experts at open road bmw of edison today.

schedule test drive

schedule test drive


     



visit us

720 us-1, edison, nj 08817

directions

contact us




     when you're shopping for a luxury vehicle, it's always important to find the right dealership to help you pick out the perfect model. buying a high-end model is more of an investment, so you want to make sure the car or suv you choose is in good condition and ready to keep up with your lifestyle. at bmw of edison, you can always rely on our team of experienced professionals to find the ideal bmw model and help you get behind the wheel.


extensive selection
bmw of edison has an incredible selection of new and preowned bmw vehicles, making it easier to find the car you're looking to buy. our dealership also has a standalone certified preowned center with dedicated staff members who fully understand the cpo program and how it benefits buyers. if you don't see the car you want, simply talk to one of our sales team members and we'll start looking for it right away. with our connections throughout the auto industry, we can always find the model you want.
the team at bmw of edison has been hand-selected for impressive knowledge of bmw vehicles, along with the willingness to learn about the latest technological updates and changes within the lineup. our commitment to our customers is that we will always remain as a hassle-free dealership. we don't want to pressure someone into buying a car that isn't the right fit. instead of putting on the pressure, we'll take the time to get to know you and understand your needs, helping you find the right car.


leading models
we are excited to have the opportunity to demonstrate the all-new bmw 3 series. these stylish and sporty sedans are a perfect example of bmw's desire to provide its drivers with the ultimate driving machine®. the new body style change for the 2024 bmw 330i has boasted the best in its segment driving dynamics, while a sportier version — the bmw m340i — takes the 3 series line-up into territory previously only embodied by bmw m automobiles. on the inside, drivers and passengers alike will enjoy a plethora of comfort and technology options such as the latest version of bmw's exemplary infotainment system, idrive 8.0; live cockpit pro, and apple carplay™.
clients who are in the market for a more spacious automobile are drawn to the exquisitely redesigned bmw x5 for its superior ride and drive. the 2024 bmw x5 is making its debut with more standard options, more power, and a sportier; yet still sophisticated new look. introduced for the first time ever in any bmw model: live cockpit professional with dual 12.3 inch screens located in the digital instrument cluster and center display respectively, provide you with all of the information you need ensuring an exeptional experience for drivers and passengers alike. other standard options include bmw conntecteddrive® services, bluetooth® wireless for hands-free dialing, and navigation.


service
at bmw of edison, we serve customers throughout edison, new brunswick, and plainfield, new jersey, as well as all over the new york city metro area. in addition to our high-quality models, we also have a full service department staffed with experienced, certified professionals. bmw has high standards for training and certification, and our team meets all of those standards. we also have more than 100 bmw loaner vehicles available for service customers.
with so much to offer, it's easy to see why we're a top choice in the area for new and preowned bmw vehicles. visit our convenient location to pick out your next car or schedule a service appointment. 


                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | open road bmw of edison | 720 us-1, edison, nj 08817 | sales: 732-839-4599         


































      
         
                         