







the national center for appropriate technology – working for a sustainable future since 1976


























































instagramfacebookyoutubelinkedin 


about

meet our team
join our team
regions
board of directors
annual reports and financials


agriculture

attra sustainable agriculture
agriculture internships
armed to farm
biochar policy project
climate beneficial fiber partnership
ncat demonstration farm
soil for water


energy

agrisolar clearinghouse
energy assistance
energy services
energy toolkit


news and stories
events

annual conference
electronics recycling event
latino farmer conference
northwest latino farmer conference


connect
donate
search




menu


menu

 






national center for appropriate technologyworking for a sustainable future since 1976
national center for appropriate technologyworking for a sustainable future since 1976
national center for appropriate technologyworking for a sustainable future since 1976
national center for appropriate technologyworking for a sustainable future since 1976
national center for appropriate technologyworking for a sustainable future since 1976
previousnext

trustedsince 1976 ncat has provided relevant information, individualized technical assistance and in-depth resources to support sustainable agriculture and accessible energy solutions.
practicalncat’s trusted knowledgebase provides scalable solutions to strengthen self-reliance, reduce poverty, and protect natural resources. ncat is all solutions, not sensation.
connectorncat facilitates meaningful connections among sustainable agriculture producers, renewable energy experts, innovators, researchers, and industry professionals. our role as a connector results in valuable networks and lasting change.



farmer portrait: wayne riley, london, ky
wayne riley, founder of the nonprofit laurel county african american heritage center, in london, ky, grows food for his community on the land his grandfather farmed. the laurel country african american heritage center operates an educational farm that provides agricultural training so community members can grow, process, and preserve their own food, and it houses an emergency food pantry that serves community members who are regularly faced with the choice between paying their bills and putting food on the table. wayne’s is the fifth portrait in our series celebrating the farmers and ranchers ncat supports.


new film series: farmer portraits
in this new video series, we spotlight some of the farmers and ranchers ncat supports. they raise fruit, vegetables, flowers, and animals on farms and urban gardens from new hampshire to kentucky, on operations that range in size from less than an acre to more than 40 acres. but these differences mean very little. they share a commitment to stewarding the land and serving their communities, and we are proud to partner with them.




armed to farm blew me away. two years into my own agricultural business and i still reflect on the immersive experience as a highlight. the combination of in-field and in-class activities kept me engaged and paved the way. i would highly recommend the program to any veteran who is looking to turn their passion into a successful business.


patrick conreyarmed to farm alum, general manager of the oil barn in berthoud, colorado
“ncat’s attra sustainable agriculture program influenced a whole livestock industry in the u.s. to rethink how they were managing their livestock in a way that regenerates the soil.” 
alvina maynardkentucky rancher
“when it comes to energy professionals, ncat is on speed dial. ncat helped us every
step of the way in creating an energy efficiency grant program in montana.”
seth luttermontana facility finance authority
“ncat’s soil for water program offers a chance to learn new things and to apply it to your land and to improve.” 
janet vesethmontana rancher


“the armed to farm program is the reason i was able to get started in farming. the opportunity to connect with other veterans and support each other’s dreams was life changing. the education and support from ncat/attra guided me through starting a profitable farm that fuels my new–found passion for farming.” 





sara creechindiana farmer
“the thing that really makes armed to farm better than the rest is that it’s the complete package. they do a really good job of presenting a lot of information and resources in a short amount of time while also creating interface time with local veteran farmers. being able to go for free and learn as a veteran getting into agriculture – that’s just absolutely invaluable.” 
dustin cookcolumbia center for urban agriculture, veteran’s urban farm
previousnext

agriculture, blog, farmer well-being the legacy and future of small farmsby mike lewis, ncat senior manager, southeast and appalachia region
in the past century, the number of farmers in the u.s. has declined dramatically. small farms, once the heart and soul of rural america, have been squeezed out by a system that…february 7, 2025

https://www.ncat.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/2-nrcs-photo-by-brooke-decubellis.jpg
1363
2048


ncat it

/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/ncatlogo-rgb2-350x105.png

ncat it2025-02-07 09:51:502025-02-07 09:51:50the legacy and future of small farmsagriculture, blog, livestock farmer appreciation: a tribute to janice neighbor january is farmer appreciation month at ncat, and some of the farmers and ranchers we especially value are those who make the effort to pass along their hard-won knowledge to beginners. ncat livestock specialist linda coffey recently lost one…january 8, 2025

https://www.ncat.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/linda-and-janice_cropped.jpg
1932
1932


ncat it

/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/ncatlogo-rgb2-350x105.png

ncat it2025-01-08 15:24:152025-01-09 08:13:44farmer appreciation: a tribute to janice neighbor blog ag solutions company sparks biomass innovation and remarkable successthe fertile farm country of eastern washington’s palouse prairie region hosts millions of acres of grains, fruits, vegetables, forage, and forests that support its economy. and one cheney-based company is increasing the economic value of these…november 19, 2024

https://www.ncat.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/qualterra-cheney-site-biochar_edited.jpg
837
1255


robyn metzger

/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/ncatlogo-rgb2-350x105.png

robyn metzger2024-11-19 16:22:552024-11-19 16:23:15ag solutions company sparks biomass innovation and remarkable success

sign up for informationdon’t miss a thing. sign up for news and event information delivered directly to your inbox. join the weekly harvest newsletter list for all-things sustainable agriculture, check out the agrisolar extra for a bi-monthly look at the latest agrivoltaic news, subscribe to our spanish-language newsletter and more!


get info

subscribe to our podcast
subscribe to our youtube  channel
add events to your calendar



   



recent information


the legacy and future of small farms


farmer appreciation: a tribute to janice neighbor 


ag solutions company sparks biomass innovation and remarkable success


arkansas carbon venture turns sustainable forestry management residuals into market-ready product


ncat websites ncat.org
attra sustainable agriculture 
armed to farm
agrisolar clearinghouse
soil for water
liheap clearinghouse
montana harvest of the month
grow montana

don’t miss about ncat
support ncat
privacy policy
social media community policy
media contact
staff intranet
board of directors login

national center for appropriate technology helping people build resilient communities through local and sustainable solutions that reduce poverty, strengthen self-reliance, and protect natural resources.







© 2025 the national center for appropriate technology 
instagramfacebookyoutubelinkedin






scroll to top

we use cookies. we want to make our website more user-friendly and continuously improve it. if you continue to use the website, you agree to the use of cookies.

ok

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy policy
accept settingshide notification only















