


moments of adequacy






















    
	moments of adequacy
	
  
updated irregularly, with wildly varying degrees of enthusiasm and skill.



monday, july 24, 2017





i’m not a sales guy, so i don’t know what it’s called, but i’ve noticed a popular marketing technique i think of as “focus on the problem”.


basically, instead of describing their solution, the seller talks almost exclusively about whatever *problem* it is they’re offering a solution for. their ability to exactly articulate your needs and your concerns seems to create a sense that “these guys know what they’re talking about”.

they repetitively dissect and describe the problem from all angles, and with each aspect they reiterate that they have the solution.

in between, they sprinkle testimonials from satisfied customers to increase the believability of the claim that their solution works.

they don’t have to offer specifics on the solution (ie, *how* their product addresses your problem or why you should believe them); they just affirm over and over that it does.

basically, you get a positive “yes, that’s exactly what it’s like” feeling as they describe the issue. this gives them credibility.they skip over the middle part: the “how”.they give you another good feeling when they talk about how amazing it would be to have the problem solved.the testimonials feel like 3rd-party confirmation.

they repeat this cycle numerous times throughout their ad/presentation.

our brains oughta know that *how* they’re going to solve the problem is the critical part – but all of those positives surrounding the missing “how” – plus a strong desire on our part to believe – seem to be all we need for this technique to work.

the pua community does often in selling programs for dudes who can’t get with women; amway does this in selling their “plan” (if you ask pointed questions about numbers, they accuse you of having “detail-itis”); get-rich-quick investment schemes do it; male enhancement programs do it; below is a recent example, this time a self-defense program:

https://alphanation.com/firststrike/fb/laus.php…




my point is that many religions, cults, and political movements also do this in selling their ideologies; if they can make you resonate with their description of your feelings/fears/challenges/issues well enough – and if they can offer personal testimonials along with a sense of purpose, meaning, drama, and tribal membership – then that’s all they need. bonus points if they offer ego-strokes and a chance to behave badly in pursuit of virtue. our minds don’t care if the details of the “how” are nonsense that doesn’t hold up under scrutiny – we’re both feet in yesterday.

you’re welcome.





posted by rob @ 8:23:00 pm  
      
         0 comments






thursday, july 10, 2014






:-)



posted by rob @ 2:52:00 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 it's about sex
    






i think this picture may illuminate a
fundamental divide between religious conservatives and the rest of the country
on several issues, some of which may seem unrelated: it comes down to sex.

my religion trumps
your “right” to employer subsidized consequence free sex.
— erick erickson (@ewerickson) june 30, 2014

painting with a *very* broad brush, conservatives
view sex as a luxury – or in some cases, even a vice – while liberals view it
as a normal, healthy part of a life fully lived, and celibacy as unhealthy and
weird.

the conservative solution to numerous questions
about public policy is “just quit having sex, except within specific limits
(ie, in a financially secure marriage) and the whole problem goes away.”
the liberal view is that sex is going to happen, as
surely as eating and breathing, and social policy should reflect awareness of
that fact.

the problem with the liberal view is that it
considers abstinence a completely unrealistic expectation – which it is for
most humans, but (here’s the key point) not for everyone, especially many
conservatives. 

often when a liberal is talking to a conservative,
they’re talking to a member of a trained-from-birth and/or self-selected group
of people who feel differently about sex in a fundamental way. i’m not saying
they’re anti-sex, or don’t enjoy it; i’m saying that if you’re inculcated with
a specific set of values (or if you gravitate to that place because of natural
inclinations), then a strict sexual continence is realistic – and it is
practiced, by a great many people. 

those folks are proving in their everyday lives
that this can be done, and human beings are famously intolerant of other people
getting benefits or having fun that they are not.

we’ve all seen examples of certain types of
jealousy: if i have paid a great price for something, i will become frustrated
to see you get it for free. it’s not logical or laudable, but it’s true.

similarly, if i exercise restraint in something
(especially in a thing i happen to know is god’s will for all human beings),
it’ll be a cold day in hell before i’ll contribute in any way to your enjoying
the thing i have denied myself. 

it doesn’t even matter if conservatives don’t
always succeed in their commitment to sexual continence – in the christian
tradition at least, those mistakes are forgiven and erased – so strict sexual
limits remains the standard. liberals need to understand this, or people will
be talking past each other all day long.

the problems with the conservative view as i’ve
painted it above are that:

it doesn’t take into account typical human behavior
when it comes to sex – or rather, it usually accounts for it by pathologizing
and punishing it. 

humans are relentlessly self-referential; we
project ourselves onto everyone/everything. so if *i* can do it, you should,
too. 
never mind that i had the advantage of abstinence
(or even just the appearance thereof) being modeled for me, and that frame was
reinforced regularly for years, that i had parent(s) and a tightly-knit social
group drilling the code of sexual restriction into me from childhood. 
never mind that for me, sex – and pleasure in
general – was often painted as something to be cautious and restrained about –
to the point of suspicion -- and eye-droppered into our lives lest we fall into
wild bacchanalian revels and become rudderless slaves to sensuality and desire.
never mind that i didn’t really say no to sex, i
just said no to sex with a partner, channeling those instincts into private
me-time.
never mind that even in a context of tight sexual
control, there’s always significant amounts of hypocrisy going on.
never mind that the way i was brought up (ie, in
relative austerity, sexually speaking) is more likely to lead me toward
judgment than toward empathy.
never mind that what was modeled for *you* -- and
what you experienced as a young person – was entirely different. 
never mind that you may have already had
significant sexual experience, and that humans rarely move backwards on that
line. 
never mind that sex is a fundamental instinct that
is actually quite difficult to tame.

in spite of all those things, i expect you to see
things the way i do, and live like i do, simply because my way is right and
your way is wrong. this is not realistic.

conservatives can’t get over the sex part, from the
beginning all the way to the end of the line.
contraception? you shouldn’t have sex.
pregnant? you shouldn’t have had sex. 
can’t get a well-paying job because you want to
stay with your kids? you shouldn’t have had sex.
can’t get an education because you’re raising kids?
you shouldn’t have had sex.
can’t support your kids? you shouldn’t have had
sex.
everything comes back to that, to the point that
they balk at simple, compassionate, no-brainer ways to help people and improve
our society, because in their mind that would be rewarding “wrong sex”, and sex
should have consequences, dammit. (as if kids aren’t consequence enough...) 
and it’s so important that those consequences be
applied, that rather than help people (and thereby risk someone "getting
away with it"), we will punish not just them, but their kids, and their
kids’ kids, on down the line. 

so, what’s my point? here it is: vote for things
that will make everyone’s lives better, without worrying whether you’re somehow
supporting other people having sex you think they shouldn’t have. 
it’s illogical and controlling to let that be any
part of your evaluation process. those people didn’t have sex because of you,
and they won’t stop having sex because of you. they don’t know you, or care
about you, and neither you nor government policy* enter into their
decision-making process when they’re deciding whether or not to have sex. so promote
access to contraception, to child care, to job training and education, to
stable housing for kids, to medical and psychological treatment for all
citizens, to equality before the law. trust me, everyone wins when those things
happen.

*this is usually where someone brings up poor girls
(or couples) making babies because they want more government benefits. i don’t
know anyone personally who has done this, but i’m betting it happens -- there
is every type of dubious choice you can imagine happening out there in the
world. 
but the question is whether that is a *significant*
numbers of people – and i’m betting it’s not. most young women i know really
want to succeed on their own. in general it would take a lot of benefits to
make baby+benefits = a better life than single without benefits.
and the second question is about cost/benefit: if
we could increase the average education level and earning power of our citizens
across the board, then it wouldn’t *matter* -- there would be fewer girls who
felt the need to do that, and economic benefits would far outpace the cost of
the girls who still did.



posted by rob @ 2:39:00 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, october 30, 2013



	 stuff you learn by 50
    




deb and i put together the thing below initially as a solicited birthday
gift for a nephew. then we thought we should also offer it to our own kids,
since you know -- parenthood or whatever. we're pretty confident they'll ignore
most of it, but you never know. :-)
anyway, for what it's worth, some stuff we've learned from other people during
the first 5 decades of our lives. some of my friends or family may recognize
their own quotes or ideas or conversations here -- thank you for sharing those
with me.

i also invite people who read this to share their own ideas about how to lead a
happy and fulfilling life -- what would you add to the below?


 


updated 5:00pm, 10/30/2013


 


a little kindness goes a
long way.
someone once said “there are three rules
for life: the first is to be kind. the second is to be kind. the third is to be
kind.”


there’s a quote that’s attributed to a lot of different
people (most often plato, or ian maclaren) that goes “be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.” 


being kind is within the grasp of all of us. even if we
can’t do anything else, we can be kind to make others’ lives easier.


 


it’s not about you. when it comes to
difficult interactions, remind yourself of that. most things that happen, most
things people say, most things in the universe, are not about you. even when
someone explicitly says it’s about you, it’s still usually not about you – it’s almost always about them and
their history, their prejudices, their pain.


deb has her teachers put a jar of qtips on their desks to
remind them: qtip – quit taking it personally


 


leave negative people and
events behind.
we have all come through chapters of our lives involving dysfunctional
structures or people who were insecure, overly competitive, unknowingly
ignorant, or minimally empathetic. there are many people who operate that way
all their lives, but there are thousands more who don’t. try to surround
yourself with people who are builders, thinkers, doers, helpers, and avoid
negative people as much as possible.


from dave barry: 
if a person is nice to you but rude to the waiter, they are not a nice
person.


 


teach yourself to assume
positive intent.once
they get past childhood, most people seldom actually try to mess things up, or
to hurt you or themselves. when someone seems to have made things inconvenient
for you, learn to ask “what was your good
intention in doing this?”


there is great power in being positive; it opens doors,
it promotes health, it strengthens relationships, it makes you happier.  to some people it comes naturally; other have
to learn it – either way, it’s worth making “positivity” your standard
approach.


 


learn to empathize. empathy is one of the keys
to good relationships of all kinds.


 


always tell yourself the
truth.
this can be really hard to do, because the truth can be uncomfortable, or
frightening, or require us to make changes. the truth may cause discord or
difficulty with family or friends.


when things happen in our lives, our brain immediately
begins the job of constructing a story around what just happened, to explain it
to ourselves. the problem is that our brain likes to make us the hero of all
those stories – so if we (or someone we love) has made a mistake, or behaved in
a way that’s less than honorable, our brain tries to frame the events in a way
that they (or we) don’t seem so bad. learn to recognize this going on, and try
to see things clearly, without revising history to make ourselves or others
look better. if we don’t admit our shortcomings, we won’t ever be better than
we are right now.


if you can find a friend who will tell you the honest
truth about yourself when you ask – even if they know you might not like the
answer – that is a valuable thing to have.


make decisions according to the coldest, harshest view of
reality you can take.  it sounds easy,
but it isn’t.  examples: 


i’m good at x, but i suck at y.


i wronged my friend.


this person i have invested in
is not going to treat me the way i deserve to be treated.


i feel angry.


i am embarrassed.


i don’t want to get married
yet.


i love someone who doesn’t love
me back.


i made a bad decision.


the more sensible choice is the
one i don’t like.


etc.


 


make room to forgive. we’re all a
work-in-progress. and this is not only about other people; don’t forget to
forgive yourself. the world needs a lot less
judgment and a lot more grace.


 


be authentic. don’t make a habit of saying things you
don’t really mean, or pretending to be someone you’re not. don’t make excuses. don’t
make a special spotless version of yourself for others.  be kind, be courteous, be gentle, but within
that, be authentic.


being honest with others about your feelings, your fears,
and in some cases even your mistakes, is disarming and makes you someone people
will trust.


everyone finds their own standard for honesty, but i try
to only lie if there is a higher ethical issue at stake. two examples: 


1) “no, officer, there are no jews hiding in my attic.”(saving people
from being murdered is more important than being truthful to an evil person.) 


2) “yes, aunt tillie, the scarf you knitted me is lovely.”(kindness is
more important than absolute truth about my scarf-related feelings.)


in all other situations, i try to tell the truth. 


 


be intentional. don’t just let things
happen. many people float along, letting things take whatever course they will,
and then complain about the results. sometimes this is out of laziness, but
usually it’s out of fear: fear of failure, fear of embarrassment, fear of the unknown,
etc. 


make conscious decisions and then live with the results
of your choices. there are causes, and effects. learn to be“cause” in the
matter of your life.


 


comparison is the thief
of joy. don’t
compare yourself or your life with others – they are them, and you are you.
life isn’t a competition. life is to be
enjoyed, not evaluated. we are wired to judge everything, to respond to
every situation with either “yipe!” or “goody!” often it’s better to just say “wow!”
or “hmmm…” instead, to learn to enjoy what is without comparing it to something
else, or against some imaginary standard. there are a few things that require
diligence, and vigilance, and discernment; figure out
the few things that are really important and take a stand on those. for the rest, try to
learn to reach for good things, but then let life be what it is, without having
to evaluate and judge every experience, every event of your life.


most of life is in the grays.  the more you insist on black and white –
especially from other people – the unhappier you’ll be. 


 


90% of your day-to-day happiness will be
determined by who you choose to make your life with. choose your partner carefully. pick
somebody who makes you happy.  don’t
settle.


remember that two pounds of nice is better than 10 pounds
of pretty. 


find someone who is kind, who is generous, and knows how
to laugh at themselves. don’t invest time in a fixer-upper; basically, people
don’t change in a relationship. that is, almost never do people change basic
personality traits – and if they do change, it’s only if, when, and because
*they* decide to.


 


learn to
love unconditionally.  for the most
part, setting expectations for other people is a waste of time.  if you can’t live with (and love) how someone
is, then be with someone else; don’t try to change another person into what
you’d like them to be -- it’s annoying and it doesn’t work.  
rather than telling someone they “ought to” or “should” or “must” do or be
something, tell them “i feel x when you do y.” 
if the person can’t or won’t stop doing y, decide whether or not you can
live with it; if you can, then accept it and shut up about it; if you can’t,
then find someone else.


 


love is a
verb.  from the movie “a
guy thing”: when it comes to love, how
you say you feel doesn’t matter to
anyone but you.  the only thing that
counts is how you treat the people you say you love.


 


you are the recognized
expert on how to treat you.if
you cringe and blush and act embarrassed about every error you make, others
will follow your lead and make a big deal of your mistakes. if you accept that
you are flawed and make mistakes just like everyone else, and can still like
and accept yourself and laugh off your minor blunders, then others will follow
suit.


 


don’t gossip. you don’t have to tell
everything you know. we
all like to be the person with a juicy story, but most of what you hear about
other people is heavily flavored with bs anyway. don’t pass that stuff on, let
it die with you. it’s an honorable thing to be a friend that people can trust
with their confidences.


 


don’t get too bogged down
with others’ opinions about you. it *is* useful to be socially well-calibrated (to get
along with others, to understand society’s rules and customs, to not make
others uncomfortable.) but humans are pretty free with their opinions, and
often people give a lot of advice about other people’s lives that they’re not
necessarily qualified to give. 


the opinion of people you respect counts, but don’t
define yourself solely by other people’s approval; try to be the kind of person
you admire.


as someone said “what
others think of me is none of my business.” 


plato is quoted as saying “when men speak ill of thee, live so as
nobody may believe them.”


 


feelings are usually more
important to our brains than facts are. we have reason and logic, but deep down we
are emotional beings; we do most things because of how they make us feel (or
how we’ve been trained), and then our brain makes up a logical reason for our
decision a split-second afterward. this process happens so fast, we don’t even
recognize it – generally we believe we’ve decided everything based on logic. 


learn to identify and own your feelings. don’t make
important decisions when you’re excessively emotional. learn to make decisions
based on both facts *and* feelings. 


some feelings -- some thoughts -- are not our friend;
learn to recognize those, accept them, and then leave them behind.


if you feel something, don’t try to tell yourself you
don’t. if you don’t like how you feel, you can change it through prayer,
affirmations, or through changing your circumstances, but pretending to
yourself that you don’t feel it is not healthy.


not everything that makes us angry or sad is bad, and not
everything that makes us feel good is good for us.


study a little psychology, learn about ego defense
mechanisms; it will help you understand yourself and other people better. 


 


self-discipline
is hard, but useful.  teach yourself
good habits.  and remember that habit is an
excellent servant but a poor master.


 


we’re born
selfish; there are huge rewards in learning to be more
other-directed.


 


learn to be
flexible, to adjust.  most unhappiness
and anger comes from the gap between our agenda/expectations and actual
reality.  reach for your dreams, but if
not achieving them immediately makes you unhappy, you’re doing it wrong.  sometimes you need to ground your immediate
expectations in reality.  hope for the
best, prepare for the worst.


 


we’re wired
to need a purpose, to do something we feel matters.  if you find yourself drifting, unhappy, or
bored, purpose usually what’s missing. 
the quick fix is to go help somebody – besides being a good thing to do,
it strengthens our feeling that we’re worthy to be in the world.  long-term, you have to figure out what you
want, who you want to be, and be working toward that.


 


be appreciative.  if you’re healthy, if you’re relatively normal-looking,
if you have a loving family, if you live in a peaceful and wealthy country, remember
that you did nothing to earn those things – they weren’t something you chose,
or a natural extension of who you are as a person -- it was all a gift, a
bonus.  remember to be grateful for that.


 


life is
trade-offs.  for everything we
want, everything we get, there are other things we have to give up.  learn to recognize the little price tag
hanging off of everything we want, and make decisions you’ll still be happy
about tomorrow.  be mindful of how you
treat your body, what you put in your mind.


 


be a life-long learner. school ends at age 18,
but that’s when real learning is just beginning. the amount that you don’t know
yet (and you don’t even know that you don’t know it yet) is staggering. 


a nobel prize winner said his mother used to ask him “what good question did you ask today?” don’t
be afraid to ask questions. when you pretend to know things you don’t know, you
pass up an opportunity to learn. 


remember that often what people call a “conclusion” is
just where they got tired of thinking. 


if you are truly a life-long learner, you will find
yourself changing your mind every couple of years about something you
previously thought you had all the answers about; if that’s not happening, then
you’re being closed-minded and not learning like you could.


alexander pope said “some people
will never learn anything, for this reason: because they understand everything
too soon.”


 


never whine.


 


pms is real. some
people are moodier than others; this is true of all the major genders. get used
to it.


 


learn to
enjoy things.  try new food, new
clothes, new music.  don’t stop doing
this when you turn 30.


 


take risks. there’s no such thing
as a risk-free life, so take reasonable risks. don’t take large risk for little
gain (eg, doing something dangerous to impress your friends), but don’t fear
moderate risk for reasonable gain, especially if all we’re risking is our
dignity or embarrassment or the possibility of failure. the only people who
don’t make mistakes are the people who aren’t doing anything. 


"and the day came
when the risk to remaintight in
a bud was more painful than the
risk it took to blossom."
- anais nin


if we don’t push the boundaries of our comfort zone, our
comfort zone will shrink.


try to do something every day that scares you. doubt
kills more dreams than failure everwill.


see the quotes section for more on this subject :-)


 


when you’re
out there making mistakes, try to make recoverable
mistakes.  think about the
reward vs the penalty for failure.  


these mistakes are fairly easy to recover from:


failed
     business investment
failed
     run for office
rejection
     by a potential date
stupid
     tattoo (exception: tattoos on face or penis)
poorly
     chosen major
wrong
     clothes, wrong fork, wrong word, wrong gesture



these mistakes are usually hard to recover from:


incarceration
brain
     damage
getting
     run over by bulldozer
addiction
hiv
suicide
unwanted
     pregnancy/child support
hurting
     someone



 


you actually don’t need a
long list of rules for your life; most things can be addressed by:


· respect property


· respect others


· respect yourself


 


 


a few quotes for your
consideration:


 


never do something that
diminishes you in your own eyes.


 


be bold and courageous.
when you look back on your life, you will regret the things you didn't do more
than the ones you did.


 


"it is a fearful
thing, to love what death can touch."



just because someone doesn't love you the
way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.


 


faced
with the choice between changing
one's mind and proving that
there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy on the proof.


-john kenneth gailbraith 


 


no one should be ashamed to admit they
are wrong, which is but saying, in other words, that they are wiser today than
they were yesterday.
- alexander pope




people may not remember
exactly what you did, or what you said, but they will always remember how you
made them feel.


-maya angelou (?)


 


“…people keep working in a freelance world…because their
work is good, because they are easy to get along with and because they deliver
the work on time. and you don’t even need all three! two out of three is fine.
people will tolerate how unpleasant you are if your work is good and you
deliver it on time. people will forgive the lateness of your work if it is good
and they like you. and you don’t have to be as good as everyone else if you’re
on time and it’s always a pleasure to hear from you.”
- neil gaiman


 


declaring a
tactic "part of the game" may delude the conscience, but it doesn't
justify vicious, disrespectful or dishonorable conduct -- no matter how many
people are doing it. life is not a game. 


- michael josephson,
character counts


 


“i honestly think it is
better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something
you hate.”
-
george burns


 


“…no punishment anyone might inflict on them could
possibly be worse than the punishment they inflict on themselves by conspiring
in their own diminishment."


- parker j palmer


 


we either make ourselves
happy or miserable. the amount of work is the same. 
-
carlos castenada


 


we learn wisdom from failure much more than success. we
often discover what we will do,
by finding out what we will not do.


- samuel smiles


 


“you build on failure.
you use it as a stepping stone. close the door on the past. you don’t try to
forget the mistakes, but you don’t dwell on it. you don’t let it have any of
your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.”
-
johnny cash 


 


“i’ve come to believe
that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation
for the understandings that have created the new level of living i now enjoy.”
-tony
robbins


 


“you’ll always miss 100%
of the shots you don’t take.”
-wayne
gretzky


 


“success is often
achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.”
-
coco chanel


 


“defeat is not the worst
of failures. not to have tried is the true failure.”
-
george edward woodberry


 


“a person who doubts
himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear
arms against himself. he makes his failure certain by himself being the first
person to be convinced of it.”
-
ambrose bierce


 


remembering that i’ll be
dead soon is the most important tool i’ve ever encountered to help me make the
big choices in life. because almost everything – all external expectations, all
pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure – these things just fall away in
the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.”
-
steve jobs


 


“inaction breeds doubt
and fear. action breeds confidence and courage. if you want to conquer fear, do
not sit home and think about it. go out and get busy.”
-
dale carnegie


 


“take risks: if you win,
you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise.”
-
anonymous


 


“my great concern is not
whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure.”
-
abraham lincoln


“failure doesn’t mean you
are a failure it just means you haven’t succeeded yet.”
-
robert h. schuller


 


“i don’t know the key to
success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.”
-
bill cosby


 


“the greatest mistake you
can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.”
-
elbert hubbard


 


“success is not final,
failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”
-
winston churchill


 


“i must not fear.
fear is the mind-killer.
fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration.
i will face my fear.
i will permit it to pass over me and through me.
and when it has gone past i will turn the inner eye to see its path.
where the fear has gone there will be nothing.
only i will remain.”
-
frank herbert


 


“fear is the main source
of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. to conquer fear is the
beginning of wisdom.”
-
bertrand russell


 


“i’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my
career. i’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times, i’ve been trusted to take the
game winning shot and missed. i’ve failed over and over and over again in my
life. and that is why i succeed.”
-
michael jordan        
            
a piece of verse my uncle sent me when i was going thru a difficult time:


life
is full of froth and trouble,


two
things stand like stone:


kindness
toward another’s troubles,


courage
in our own.


 





note:  deb and i didn't invent all these ideas
ourselves, obviously. a lot of this comes from books we’ve read, and
conversations with people we admire and respect.  in no particular order, thanks and
acknowledgment are due to phil ryan, mike monroe, carlye hooten, fred ryan, bud
holtum, phil boyte, laurie driskill boyte, erik ryan, grant sautner, randy morgan, sally ryan, landmark education, susanna ryan,
don rasmussen, ted ryan, ed holtum, lee stockwell, ladd ryan, paul holtum, and
others. if you know of more acknowlegements due, please lmk.
thanks.


 




posted by rob @ 3:29:00 pm  
      
         6 comments











about me

name:  rob 
location:  san diego, california, united states 
mostly, i'm just really happy to be here.
view my complete profile



previous posts


i’m not a sales guy, so i don’t know what it’s ca...


:-)
it's about sex
stuff you learn by 50
thoughts on time management
random musings in kyoto
kyoto, japan
tongs for the memories

okay, europe – here’s your report card.  you may ...
let's keep it all about sex, at least peripherally

blog-like items i enjoy, in no particular order


not totally inept
nabooru is your mom
derring do
smart sisters
extrem
micrographia
non agenda zone
forever humble
i don't care about apathy
dandiland
dan agonistes
love me, love my caribou
home fires
haiku girl
nerdy girl
topic drift
doctormama
psychomama
it's not me, it's you
dancing chris
chase me ladies
dilbert blog


other links


life hacker
home star runner
a softer world
group hug -- confessions
odd todd
ze's page
things my gf and i have argued about
terra server - aerial photos
all look same


personal favorites


disclaimer about this section in which i pretend to be humble but have trouble pulling it off
ashes to ashes
dog nights
mickey d's
the whole kit n kubota
water all around
there butt for...
rules for travelers
more about mice
duck and cover
mr breakup
cat story
i am stupid
spit and polish
californian
i am evil and unkind
father of a teenager
if you're ugly
middle school lameness
role of religion
do-overs
abortion
relationship advice
art explained
software and stuff
marathon man


archives

september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
march 2010
june 2010
august 2010
september 2010
april 2012
june 2012
august 2013
september 2013
october 2013
july 2014
july 2017









 














