








	jobs - ou human resources
























skip to main content


search ou norman
ou norman social media

ou norman
ouhsc
ou tulsa

























home

job search


current ou employees
faculty positions
student jobs
peak temporary staffing
external applicants (staff positions)



discover ou

my profile & applications

contact us

















make a differencework at the university of oklahomaou health sciences center, okcbe on the cutting edgework at the university of oklahomaou-tulsa campus




current openings







external applicants
staff positions
faculty positions
student jobs
peak
temporary staffing
current ou employees
staff positions





for executive & senior leadership positions:
leadership positions




for positions at the ou foundation:
ou foundation








make a difference at ou


















ou campuses










                    norman campus
                






                    norman area
                






                    ou health sciences center
                






                    oklahoma city area
                






                    ou-tulsa campus
                






                    tulsa area
                















 



   tips for applying discover ou top 10 reasons to join ou   


















 

 
































the university of oklahoma has a smoke and tobacco free policy. no tobacco or drug use (including medical marijuana) is allowed on any university property. you can review the smoke and tobacco free policy here. 
the university of oklahoma, in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression, age, religion, disability, political beliefs, or status as a veteran in any of its policies, practices, or procedures. inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies may be directed to the institutional equity office at www.ou.edu/eoo.  
the university of oklahoma is committed to assisting all members of the ou community in providing for their own safety and security.  the sooner safety and fire report contains information regarding campus security and personal safety including topics such as: crime prevention, fire safety, university police law enforcement authority, crime reporting policies, disciplinary procedures and other matters of importance related to security and safety on campus. the sooner safety and fire report also contains information about crime statistics for the three previous calendar years concerning reported crimes that occurred on campus; in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by ou; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus.  you can review the sooner safety and fire report here. to request a paper copy of the sooner safety and fire report, please click here for campus contact information.


































































contact human resources
we serve the norman, oklahoma city, and tulsa campuses. 
report concerns: ethicspoint 












	updated 09/17/2024


                    by the university of oklahoma human resources: hrtalent@ou.edu



login























































