















boulder city, nv - official website | official website









 















skip to main content























    how do i...      government      services      visit      business  


 

 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 













animal control & shelter







basic needs assistance







airport land rfp









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



























 














agendas & minutesfind meeting agendas








report a concernsubmit an issue










 
 














e-city hallbill pay & city services








permits & planningapply for permits










 
 














open finance portalreview city finances








public recordsaccess public records










 
 
 



 














mission statementthe city of boulder city’s mission is to deliver outstanding services to enhance the quality of life within our community, our economic vitality, and the safety of those who reside, work in, visit, or travel through our community.
 






  
 














vision statementthe city of boulder city is committed to preserving its status as a small town, with a small-town charm, historical heritage and unique identity, while proactively addressing our needs and enhancing our quality of life.
 






  
 
 



 














news & updatesstay up to date
 






  
 
 















elevate the flight experience at bvu! 


boulder city municipal airport is a wonderful place to fly in, but needs a great place to hold a meeting or grab a bite to eat. city council is looking to elevate the options provided to clientele there, considering two sites for lease and development.						read on...







accepting nominations for 2025 historic preservation award 


the boulder city historic preservation commission and city council invite all to participate in our efforts to recognize those preserving and promoting boulder city’s unique history by submitting nominations for this year’s historic preservation award!						read on...







electrical infrastructure upgrades start this month 


the nevada way 12kv extension project is scheduled to start next week. crews will start updating the electrical system along nevada way, from elm street to 5th street, as part of an effort to provide greater efficiency.						read on...







boulder city starts “adopt-a-streetscape” program 


boulder city crews maintain 92 miles of public roads. our streets and landscape crews do an exceptional job at maintenance and upkeep. some people litter and weeds can grow quickly. now, you can "adopt-a-streetscape" to keep our streets looking great!						read on...







jury and warrant scam calls hitting boulder city 


bcpd wants to remind residents to be aware of a common scam reaching people across the country. phone fraudsters use the threat of arrest warrants or missed jury duty to pressure people into paying hundreds, sometimes thousands, of dollars.						read on...







understanding boulder city parking regulations 


residents regularly tell police and code enforcement that they are confused about the ability to park in front of homes in boulder city. to clear up the confusion, the city has developed a flow chart for those seeking clarity.						read on...







share your thoughts on the all-in clark county community plan 


boulder city is excited to join community leaders from local, regional, and state organizations for the all-in community plan. more than 150 organizations are contributing to this effort. share your thoughts for a chance to win a grocery gift card!						read on...







share your thoughts about snwa water conservation 


nrs requires municipal water providers in nevada to develop a water conservation plan and to update the plan every five years. the draft joint snwa conservation plan has been updated and now, stakeholders are seeking public input.						read on...







banners mark historic district 


visitors and residents can find where boulder city's historic district is located, thanks to new signage. the city updated and expanded signage to facilitate additional tourism in the historic downtown area of boulder city.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 














 
 
 



 














calendar & eventsget connected with boulder city
 






  
 









february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












wed, feb. 19  

planning commission meeting



tue, feb. 25  

city council meeting 







wed, feb. 26  

historic preservation commission meeting 






view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 













boulder city hall
 




401 california avenue
 




boulder city, nv 89005
 




staff directory
 






  
 













animal control & shelter







basic needs assistance







airport land rfp







boulder city municipal airport







municipal code









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 













accessibility







site map







staff directory







home









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 










      





 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close














    







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









