





ametco manufacturing | steel and aluminum fence and gates





















































 ametco@ametco.com


about ametco


contact us










call us now
(800) 321-7042





lunch & learn with ametco's aia / hsw security gate and fencing systems course 



























products


fence


steel open grille fence


steel louver fence


steel picket fence


aluminum post/rail fence


aluminum fixed louver fence


aluminum picket fence


aluminum perforated fence




gates


gate systems and their application


steel open grille gates


steel louver gates


aluminum post/rail gates


aluminum picket gates


aluminum fixed louver gates


aluminum perforated gates


gate systems

swing gates
v-wheel roller gates
cantilever gates





railings


steel louver railing


steel open grille railing


aluminum post/rail railing


aluminum fixed louver railing


aluminum perforated railing




security grilles


steel open grille security grilles




security screening


steel louver security screening


aluminum louver security screening




sunshades


steel louver sunshades


perforated steel sunshades


aluminum bar grille sunshades


aluminum post/rail sunshades


aluminum louver sunshades


perforated aluminum sunshades


extruded aluminum sunshades

style 102-45 sunshades
style 102-90 sunshades
style 104-45 sunshades
style 104-90 sunshades



sunshade canopy




trash enclosures


trash enclosure gates




window guards


steel open grille window guards


metal perforated window guards




perforated


perforated metal

perforated round-hole stock items



perforated plastic

perforated polypropylene
perforated pvc



open air calculator


conversion table





infill panels
photos
cad gallery

resources

literature request
videos





































call us now
(800) 321-7042



















ametco v-wheel roller gates
ametco's v-wheel roller gates are custom fabricated to fit your requirements. with the dual wheel option, the v-wheel roller ...


 
see our new gate animations
ametco has created animations of our various gates that detail their operations, size requirements, and materials.
see the animations
















built to last
architectural quality infill panels
find a panel now 















architectural products
for architects and contractors
get started















industrial products
stock and custom perforations
get started




















fence and gate systems
the ametco fencing and gate system is an exclusive system, an alternative approach to gate and fencing design, the concept of which is both functional
											and decorative. we have revolutionized the traditional fencing image and extended the range of applications throughout the private and industrial building industries. 

												 
											




more than 20 designs
each order is custom fabricated from the highest quality domestic materials.
											ametco architectural products have been developed to meet the aesthetic demands of modern architecture while
											addressing growing client's concerns about the environment and security.

												 
											




perforated metal and plastic
ametco's perforated metal and plastic gives you, the architect, the freedom of choice to design projects the way you want them. our sophisticated perforating presses provide
											unparalleled flexibility in custom perforating applications.

												 
											










what we do
our services








architectural products
ametco manufactures a wide range of steel fence and security gate systems as well as railings, sunshades, grilles, screens, louvers and perforated metal and plastic products. our aluminum fence and aluminum gate designs are manufactured from extruded aluminum sections for strength and visual appeal.









infill panels
the core elements of ametco’s fence, gates and railings are architectural panels in steel or aluminum that bolt directly onto the fence, gate or railing system uprights. this allows for quick and easy installation, simple maintenance and immense flexibility.









perforated products & fabrication services
we are the "complete solution" to our customer's sheet metal and plastic needs. ametco routinely finishes all or part of project by perforating and then fabricating a part to compete the operation. our fabricating department is ready for your next project.











find a panel
ametco infill panels can be used for multiple parts of your project.
									many panels can be used as fence, gates, and railings.  use the filtering parameters below to find designs by application,
									style, materails and/or security level.
how do i use this tool?  






application:



fence
												

gates
												

railing
												

window guard
												

security grille/screen
												

sunshade
												

trash/mechanical enclosure
												


style: 



open grille
												


post/rail
												

picket
												

louver
												

perforated
												

all styles
												


material: 



steel
												

aluminum
												

either material
												


security level: 



low
												

medium
												

high
												

all security levels
												


cost: 



$
												

$$
												

$$$
												

$$$$
												

$$$$$
												

all price points
												






no panels match.  please change some parameters.

















product news
perforated aluminum fence



ametco’s perforated aluminum fence allows you to select the size and shape of the opening. you can select round, square, round ended slots or square ended slots. the perforations can be either straight row or staggered centers. the slots can run either horizontally or vertical. in addition it lets you decide the percent of open area. the perforated panels bolt into the tube frame section for easy installation in both the fence and gates frames. all of ametco manufacturing corporation’s architectural products are manufactured in the usa. 

view all product news























we're here to help
let's talk about your new project, we can do it!


contact us








common questions
frequently asked questions

questions commonly asked about our panels, materials, applications, and installation considerations.
view all faqs






								        how big of a cantilever gate can ametco manufacture? 								      



ametco specializes in making large cantilever gates. however, depending on the size needed the gate may need to be engineered to ensure it functions properly.  a key thing to remember when specifying cantilever gates is proper tail size. for a cantilever gate, the tail needs to be about 70% of the opening size. if you don’t have room for that size gate consider a monorail cantilever gate which is about 45% of the opening size, or a v-roller gate which needs about 55% of the opening size.  these sizes can vary based on many factors and will be discussed during design.  





								        can we specify custom hardware for your gates? 								      



ametco does not sell or install custom hardware on our gates. however, we will fabricate our gates to fit any custom hardware that is specified. we ask that the contractor send the hardware to us during fabrication so we can make sure our gate is manufactured to fit those products. this keeps our products from being modified in the field, voiding our warranty.    





								        what is your selection of powder coat colors, and can we do custom colors?								      



ametco has 14 standard powder coat colors for you to choose from.  you can also use custom colors for an upcharge. please keep in mind using custom colors can add significant lead time to a project, especially with current supply chain issues.  





								        what does custom mean?								      



all jobs that ametco does are custom designed specifically for that project. we do not have stock sizes that we send to you to cut in the field. each panel is designed to fit a specific spot on that project. all of our infill panels have specific height and width limitations but we can work within those to create products that are designed to meet your specific needs.   





								        what kind of warranty does ametco have?								      



ametco has a 20-year finish warranty on all of our products 














what's happening


featured installations







view all featured installations




















who we are
ametco manufacturing co.




from our beginnings as a small fabricator to a national manufacturer of security gates, fence, railings and other architectural products we have remained focused on delivering the highest quality product. today, our sophisticated manufacturing systems produce a wide range of building products specified by architects around the country.
													thank you to our many loyal customers for making our first 50 years so exciting!!
													to provide our customers with the quality aluminum and steel architectural products they demand, ametco manufacturing corporation has designed the finest quality fencing, gates, railings, sunshades, grilles, louvers and perforated products on the market
													today. 

read more+




55+
years in business




20+
panel designs




1000+
successfull installations




130+
happy architects
















menu


home


products


custom fabrication


photo gallery


cad gallery


about ametco


resources


literature request


contact


privacy policy





















employment

employment application
        



industrial products



for information on stock items, click the image above.


address
ametco manufacturing corporation 4326 hamann parkwayp.o. box 1210willoughby, oh 44096





contacts


phone

              1-800-321-7042
            


fax

              440-951-4300
            


email

              ametco@ametco.com
            









@ametcomanufacturing


















ametco manufacturing - copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved






































