






tendai buddhist institute - jiunzan tendaiji | north american representative of the tendai school of japanese buddhism




































buddhism

life of the buddha
basic teachings
basic practices


tendai buddhism

what is tendai?
chinese foundations
in japan: part i
in japan: part 2


tendai buddhist institute

about us
mission statement
services
jushoku’s meanderings
contact us
donate


community

north american tendai
international tendai
tbi priests and trainees
jiunzan tendaiji’s columbarium
ctm – keisho
suggested reading


donate
 





select page


  
 



 



 













tendai buddhist institute  -  jiunzan tendaiji慈雲山天台寺
founded in 1995, the tendai buddhist institute (jiunzan tendaiji) is a village temple in new york state, and authorized by the head temple of the japanese tendai buddhist tradition, enryakuji temple on mt. hiei, to transmit tendai buddhism in north america and train priests in the orthodox tendai buddhist lineage.
learn more








founded in chinablending indian and chinese philosophies, tendai buddhism was first developed by the monk zhiyi (538–597) on mt. tiantai in china, promoting a comprehensive and balanced view of the study and practice of buddhism.
learn more








spread to japanthe japanese monk saichō (767-822) transmitted the tendai teachings to japan after studying on mt. tiantai. saichō’s tendai buddhist lineage went on to influence japanese culture, literature, art, philosophy and religion. the founders of japanese zen, pure land, and nichiren buddhist traditions were all tendai monks.
learn more








putting sangha in practicejoin us for weekly meditation services (wednesdays from 6pm), as well as annual and seasonal events, holidays, and retreats.
the “three jewels” of buddhism are the buddha, the dharma, and the sangha. sangha is community. sometimes american buddhists do great with buddha and dharma, the teacher and the teachings, but sometimes need guidance in putting sangha into practice. contact us or stop by to learn more.
all are welcome!
click here












welcome to the tendai buddhist institute

the tendai buddhist institute / jiunzan tendaiji, founded by ven. abbot monshin paul naamon and rev. shumon tamami naamon in 1995. tendai buddhist institute is a branch temple of enryakuji temple on mt. hiei, the administrative center of the tendai school and the birthplace of japanese buddhism. as an officially recognized branch temple, tendai buddhist institute is also the first fully authorized tendai buddhist training center for the education of priests and the establishment new tendai buddhist temples, dharma centers, and sanghas in north america and beyond.
tendai buddhist institute is also known as “jiunzan tendaiji,” – mountain cloud tendai temple, which is our village temple’s official japanese name, and meant to reflect the natural surroundings of the berkshires. this name was given to our temple by rev. shōshin ichishima, who trained ven. abbot paul monshin naamon and rev. tamami shumon naamon in japan. for more information, please check out our about us page. 
 







about us



what is tendai?



services








all events are open to the public.
we also offer services online via zoom.  for security purposes, we do not publish the links for the events online.  however, to receive those links and our monthly newsletter to stay up to date with upcoming events, you can add yourself to our mailing list here.








recent meanderings

the abbot (jushoku) of the tendai buddhist institute is monshin paul naamon.  this section is devoted to his writings.  you can find an entire list here.
 




jushoku’s meanderings – march 2024

the alabama ruling dealt with embryos being stored in an in vitro fertility clinic in alabama. this case is a direct result of the upturning of the roe vs wade decision by the supreme court last year. it deals with many of the same issues that are involved in abortion...
read more



jushoku’s meanderings – february 2024

smṛtyupasthāna -the discourse on the foundations of mindfulness - is often referred to as the four foundations of mindfulness. the term smṛty means to remember the dharmas, which allows one to see the true nature of phenomena or reality. the foundation of mindfulness...
read more



jushoku’s meanderings – january 2024

part 1: year of the dragon each of the twelve animals in the chinese astrological cycle the dragon is the only mythological beast. this creature is featured both as a symbol of state power and one of the primordial animals that is responsible for the creation of the...
read more


« older entries













weekly meditation service
 

meditation services are held on wednesday evenings from 6pm.  a dharma talk and discussion are held in the main house.  meditation service is held in the main hall, followed by a potluck dinner.
 
 

download daily service program










starting your practice
 

as a comprehensive and holistic mahayana buddhist tradition, there are many forms that an individual’s personal practice may take. different temples and teachers may emphasize particular teachings or practice, but ultimately tendai buddhist practice is customizable depending on your needs and inclinations. therefore, it is important for practice to be guided by an authentically trained teacher.

for the daily practice manual click here.
for more information about basic buddhist practices.
if you have any questions about starting your practice, please feel free to contact us.

 







contact us with any questions or inquiries.




name


email address


message






4 + 6 = 


send









tendai buddhist institute
1525 rte. 295
east chatham, ny
12060




















 








 karuna tendai dharma center | tendai buddhist institute | jiunzan tendai-ji | tendai-shu new york bestuin | tendai buddhism north america
1525 rte. 295 | east chatham, ny | usa | 518-392-7963
all rights reserved | solar powered web site by graymatterhost.com | copyright © 2019 tendai.org

 






facebook


 


























