



weight.com / michael myers, m.d. home page














                    [ log on ]

            





















back in stock! actilean chocolate peanut butter snack
            bars are on sale now! save $20 on 3 or more boxes. enter coupon code
                "holiday" at checkout. give the gift of health with the benefits of vegetarian dha

information about qsymia (previously
                named "qnexa"), a new weight loss medication, click here


information on the new heart attack risk calculator adopted 12 november 2013, click here (opens a new window)
 



        actilean products - 240 mg of vegetarian dha (omega-3)
    

        high protein bars and shakes with the proven health benefits of dha
    

        increased fullness and great taste guaranteed!
    


health benefits and uses




weight management – use 2-3 per day as a tasty, high-dha, high
            protein snack or occasional meal replacement to facilitate reduction and maintenance
            of a lower body weight.
        


pregnancy and nursing – for optimal brain, eye, and nervous system
            development, each bar provides 240 mg of the recommended 300 mg of dha needed daily.
        


children and adolescents – for optimal growth and neurological
            function, they are a delicious (honestly) healthy, high-protein (15 grams) snack.
            recommended intake one or two daily.
        


adults and baby boomers – to support cardiovascular, liver, brain,
            and eye health. recommended intake one or two daily.
        


seniors - besides the demonstrated cardiovascular benefits, each
            bar provides 240 mg of the 900 mg of algal-derived dha that was demonstrated to
            improve learning and memory function in individuals 55 years and older.
        



about vegetarian dha (omega-3) and our products (click to expand)
    



            our products use 
                martek’s/dsm’s vegetarian-produced
                dha
             and thus, there is no heavy metal/pcb contamination as found in fish-oil
            based products and no fish smell or taste - only the wonderful taste of a chocolate
            peanut butter cup (as in our bars), guaranteed! the vast majority of nutrition bars
            and protein shakes do not provide any dha, with an occasional one providing literally
            1/8th (32 mg) of the amount of dha we provide in a tasty, filling treats. we use
            proprietary microencapsulation of the dha to achieve this.
        

            many believe that you can obtain the health benefits of dha from ala (alpha
            linolenic acid) however, the truth is that virtually no ala is converted
            to the critical dha in adults (please see page 13 of the recommendations of the international society for the study
            of fatty acids and lipids).
        



who we are - physicians, psychologists and registered dieticians
        (click to expand)
    



            we have been involved for decades in research, treatment, and teaching other health
            professionals about weight management and eating disorders. we have used our collective
            knowledge and expertise to develop the state-of-art non-medically supervised /self-directed
            actilean weight management program.
        

            we spent years on developing fantastic tasting products that are high in dha (omega-3s)
            to help address the pervasive lack of these critical components in our diets (please
            click on the science tab for further information). our products, besides being excellent
            for weight management purposes have multiple other uses as noted above.
        





contact usterms of useprivacy policy






