



buy books online | educational supplies & resources | the book garden





























home
shop now
about
contact







childrens book storebooks for children and the people who care for them.read more
 children's bookschildren's bookshave a look at our enormous range of children's books!read more gift cardgift cardbooks make perfect gifts! but if you're not sure which book to buy, how about a gift card?read more cbca noteablescbca noteablescheck out this years's cbca noteablesread more teaching resourcesteaching resourcescheck out our fabulous range of early childhood resource books!read morehot topicsclaris the chicest mouse in paris fashion show fiascothe highly anticipated follow-up to the best-selling picture book, claris: the chicest mouse in paris, from acclaimed fashion illustrator megan hess. ‘but oh no!’ claris cried, and her heart gave a tug. madame’s invitation was still on the rug! without it she would be declined at the door. she’d miss out on chanel, and perhaps even more ... when claris’s family leaves behind their invite to paris fashion week, this brave little mouse has only one choice: an exciting dash through the streets of paris in a race against the clock! the best-selling claris series follows an adorable mouse who moves to paris to follow her fashion dreams, for fans of eloise and olivia. destined to delight fashion-obsessed readers of all ages!read moreelsieon nice and sunny sundays, elsie goes fishing with her six siblings. but she doesn't quite fit in. they want to walk through the woods, but she wants to walk along the water. read morefair’s fair: how to tackle bias in education and care servicesthis is a practical guide to putting anti-bias and inclusive practices into everyday curriculum. it is easily accessible and offers clear examples of practices, environments and relationships to support educators. it features an anti-bias reflection guide specifically designed to help educators with their pedagogical documentation and reflective practices.read moreout of a dark winter’s night this book tells the story of a...read moretook the children awayarchie roach am's deeply personal song, ‘took the children away', from his 1990 debut album, charcoal lane, was the first song ever to receive a prestigious australian human rights award. its impact was immediate, shining a stark light on australia's shameful past practices of removing children from their families. the song also speaks of love and reconnection and has travelled across seas into the hearts of first nations communities everywhere. one dark day, when archie was just two years old, big black government cars came to his home at framlingham aboriginal mission in southwest victoria. they forcibly took archie away from his mother, father and family - everything he had ever known. they took away thousands of other aboriginal children, right around australia. powerful people had decided that these children would be better off living and learning all the white man's ways. frightened and alone, they grew up in institutions and foster homes. they became known as the stolen generatiwe are all greta: be inspired to save the worldfollow in greta thunberg's footsteps and join the global mission to save our planet from climate change. with in-depth text and data, this necessary and timely book will answer readers’ questions on what climate change means, what its consequences will be, and what must be done to protect our world.read moreview all products

the entire catalogue from the american book store is now available right here at the book garden, the 100% australian, family run independent bookstore located in brisbane and melbourne. 

this month's highlights discover moreants ( close up)little lonlittle people big dreams maya angeloulittle people big dreams zaha hadidmatthew flinders the barnabus project


best sellers
featured

remember lest we forgetremember is told from the perspective of a child at an anzac day march, who steps into the shoes of people they see, to find out why they are there. "i wish i could say thank you for the sacrifice they gave, imagine if superheroes were ever half as brave"read moreloose parts 4: inspiring 21st century learningin the newest installment of the popular, award-winning loose parts series, lisa daly and miriam beloglovsky focus on family engagement and competency building. with inspiring full-color photographs loose parts 4 is organized around competencies and life skills children need for success in the future: knowingness, engagement, risk, connections, leadership, innovative thinking, and creativity. lisa and miriam explain the value of loose parts, detail how to integrate loose parts into the environment and children’s play, and specifically focus on loose parts for children in family environments—helping educators engage families and extend learning beyond the classroom.read morewhere is the green sheep?here is the blue sheep, and here is the red sheep. here is the bath sheep, and here is the bed sheep. mem fox and judy horacek take you on a wildly wonderful adventure in their rollicking search for the green sheep.read moreloose parts 3 - inspiring culturally sustainable environmentsloose parts cross the boundaries of gender, age, abilities, and socioeconomic challenges. this book makes a conscious effort to create culturally sustainable environments that allow children to grow and to conquer a dynamic world.read moregolden unicorn: the mythix 1some heroes are legends. some legends are real. the tyrant known as the soul collector desires to own everything that is beautiful, unusual, or unique. kelly swift is trying hard to be an average teenager, to keep her head down and her hoodie up. but every day her powers are growing: she can run faster than the wind, she can hear people's thoughts, she is not normal. when her mother is taken by the soul collector, kelly can't linger in the shadows any longer. but who is she really? can she be the one in the prophecy? is she...the golden unicorn? the golden unicorn, the minotaur and the griffin - only these three united to a common purpose can fell him who seeks to triumph over all.read more
let's learn about children of the world big bookthis big book is filled with colourful photos of children from all around the world. learn how to say ‘hello’ in different languages of the world. written, photographed and printed in australia. big book size: 42cm x 30cm. 16 pages.read moreemotional fairies big bookthis big book teaches us all about emotions in a fun, creative and imaginative way. fairies are make-believe, but our emotions are very real! this book teaches us that to each emotion, there can be an opposite one. for example; happy/sad, proud/embarrassed, bored/excited. this is an excellent resource to teach kids about the concepts of emotions, from the belonging being becoming section of the early years learning framework. comes with principal michael buckley’s ‘teachers’ notes’ (4 pages). this book is proudly written, illustrated and printed right here in australia. big book size 42cm x 30cm. 16 pages.read moremore tales of my grandmother's dreamtimenaiura has faithfully recorded stories told to him as a child by his grandmother. every story is illustrated by colourful traditional aboriginal dot artwork. teach children the tales of indigenous australians and gain an appreciation of their art.read morewhy worry wally?a picture book aimed at 4-8 year olds aimed at helping kids cope and deal with worries and anxiety. through taking a light-hearted approach through rhyme, humour and whimsical illustrations, the book acts as an engaging conversation starter between kids, parents/carers, friends and teachers to talk about worries and anxiety.read moretales of my grandmother's dreamtimeauthentic aboriginal fables as told by the author's grandmother.read more
view all products

australia's leading educational online book store any teacher or parent knows that the right children’s educational supplies and resources can greatly enhance the learning experience, by helping to make learning, fun, interesting and engaging. here at the book garden, an online australian book store that’s dedicated to providing an extensive range of early childhood and kids’ learning resources to enrich the minds of children. you’ll find the best children’s books, board books for babies and kids educational supplies to inspire a love of learning as well as stem books that cover the nationwide curriculum, and teaching materials that help with behaviour management. all of these teaching materials, educational supplies and books are available right here at our leading online educational book store in australia. buy educational books for kids and babies online the book garden has everything you need to cover all facets of early childhood and primary education, from kids’ educational supplies designed to help develop a student’s literacy and numeracy skills, through to theoretical works on teaching philosophies. if you want to give the very best to children, you need the book garden. whether you’re a teacher, a parent, an early childhood educator or a tertiary student studying to become a teacher, the book garden is one of the best book store for early childhood, babies’ and kids’ resources. 

buy books online for early learning children who build a strong relationship with books and reading early on in their development can benefit in many ways. they’ll likely have an easier grasp of language development in early childhood in addition to being more imaginative and creative. at the book garden, we have a quality selection of picture books, novels and non fiction to choose from, as well as educational books and learning resources that cater to students in pre-school through to high school. for those in the early childhood years of their education, you'll find: board bookspicture booksnovelsand more  we also stock an extensive range of fiction and non-fiction children’s books online for kids of all ages. for older children, we’ve got everything from graphic novels to poetry books, joke books and novels, while the youngest of readers are sure to enjoy our big books, picture books, books with accompanying cds and more. order books online in australia or if you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact our friendly and knowledgeable staff. 









quick links about usbookscontact uscustomer serviceprivacy policy books children's booksfor the older childrenaccessories for teachingteaching resourcesparenting my account my accountmy cartloginwishlist contact 308 oxley road graceville qld 4075 9 nelson street moorabbin vic 3189 (07) 3229 9935 0478 764 488 info@thebookgarden.com.ausocial media   
2021 all rights reserved by © the book garden





