




stoney creek furniture  | toronto, hamilton, stoney creek, ontario

















 



skip to main content




905-643-4121 | 800-263-8575 | 395 lewis road, stoney creek | see hourstaking strides towards sustainability.  our commitment to green practices





























search









locations

come say hello!


outlet


stoney creek furniture


stoney creek furniture - warehouse



view all




sign in



cart


0








cart


0






search





search
















locations


sign in



















































































start browsing









living room







leather







reclining







dining room







bedroom







office







accents







mattresses







entertainment







shop all




what's new









sanibel sectional







leo dining







sutton livingroom







camden











fan favorites









sectional







trafton sofa/sectional







sectional







5454 sofa








see what customers are saying about stoney creek furniture4.6 rating on google


trendy & desirable
looks from around the world.


 madam collection - dining side chair  

current sale price: 
$238.00

if product is shown in store, cover may be different        

 
 archdale collection - 2-door accent cabinet  

current sale price: 
$668.00

if product is shown in store, cover may be different        

 
 2330 collection - 3pc nolan table set-natural  

current sale price: 
$550.00

if product is shown in store, cover may be different        

 
 5338 collection - accent chair   
 eero collection - bookcase   





shop all

professional design serviceswe are here to help! stoney creek furniture offers professional design services to help with questions big and small. whether you just need a suggestion as to what rug will look good with your sectional, or maybe you need help remodeling your dining room. our trained interior designers can help you choose colours and styles, create a room plan for you, or lead large home renovations, all with your budget and preferences in mind.get startedcustomizable furniturecreate a piece of furniture that is uniquely you with customizable colour, fabric, and leather options available at stoney creek furniture. choose a specific colour for your couch or bed, create a sectional configuration that will neatly match your space and style, get picky with the small details such as table shapes. we have a variety of programs to make customizing your furniture a breeze. if you get stuck along the way, no problem, our designers are here to offer expert advice.view custom optionslocal mattress expertsstoney creek furniture is your local mattress expert and premier mattress store. we carry a full range of twin, full, queen, and king mattresses, mattress sets, adjustable bases and bedding accessories all from serta, a brand you know and trust. our selection is not the only reason to buy from us, we have everything you need to ease your shopping experience. our online guides and tools including our mattress quiz will help you find a mattress that fits your sleep habits. we even make the checkout process easier with special financing options and free local mattress delivery and removal. if you are in the toronto, hamilton, vaughan, stoney creek, burlington, oakville, mississauga, kitchener, waterloo, st. catharines, niagara, guelph, brantford, brampton, welland, ontario areas and need a new mattress visit us today to get started!


what's your style









contemporary







traditional







transitional







casual living







relaxed vintage







cottage







shop all

stoney creek furniture - your toronto, hamilton, stoney creek, ontario furniture & mattress storestoney creek furniture is toronto's finest furniture store. at our stoney creek flagship store, we have the space to display a large selection of furniture, mattresses, and accessories. we offer products for every room in your home whether you are looking for a new sofa or recliner for your living room, a bed or mattress for your bedroom, a dining set, or bookshelves and accent tables. we capture top trends happening in furniture today from urban farmhouse to mid-century modern and bring you pieces you will love at prices you can afford. from trending styles to custom-made furniture that lasts for generations, we support our local roots with canadian-made furniture lines for your bedroom, dining room, and living room. we are proud to be a local furniture store, serving the toronto, hamilton, vaughan, stoney creek, burlington, oakville, mississauga, kitchener, waterloo, st. catharines, niagara, guelph, brantford, brampton, welland, ontario area.










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?






















sign up for our emails above and check out some exclusive offers!
















stoney creek furniture  features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. stoney creek furniture  offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the toronto, hamilton, stoney creek, ontario area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information





























