



wildlife art - wildlife paintings by artist martin ridley












  





wildlife art - wildlife paintings and prints


  
extensive gallery of bird, wildlife paintings and wildlife art prints



birdsmammalslandscapeson the easelsite search




paintings for sale
ordering info.




homeabout the artistcontact detailsevents calendarart licensingfieldwork
commissions



 


 the wildlife art of martin ridley 

- field encounters which provide my inspirations
	- resulting sketches & preparatory drawings
- artwork stages through to completion
- extensive archive gallery of wildlife paintings
- original & reproduction wildlife art for sale
- licensing of wildlife artwork for reproductions

â 

creative process revealed

welcome to the online art gallery of wildlife artist martin ridley. 

best known for british wildlife art and landscape paintings. most of the original artwork is created using oils or watercolours.   



â 
 
        
          


 

updated: 23rd january 2025 

since early childhood i've been an enthusiast of the natural world and my paintings are an expression of this. through painting i aim to create a variety of stimulating visual images that originate from my day-to-day experiences and knowledge of the natural world.
i draw and paint birds, mammals and landscapes at locations all over great britain
this website has been on the internet since the year 2000 with frequent  updates of new paintings. 
   i display my latest wildlife artwork using digital camera shots. please revisit every few weeks, i'm sure there will be some fresh images for you to look at. 
   as a full-time professional  i have now painted over 700 originals since completing my college studies   in 1989. 
   

follow @martinridleyart





most frequently updated sections are paintings for sale  and "on the easel"

new: gray wolf and american elk paintings



 

"emerging from the shadows" bull moose portrait  
 original oil painting
image 36 x 42 inches
for sale â£12,800 incl. frame  currency converter
purchase enquiry


 

"eight pointer", red deer stag & hind 
 original oil painting
image 34 x 52 inches
for sale, â£8450 incl. frame currency converter
purchase enquiry



 

"royals", red deer stags oil painting 
 original oil painting
image 34 x 52 inches
â£11,225 sold 29/6/18 currency converter
purchase enquiry




        "antlers down" gray wolves and american elk 
 original oil painting
image 30 x 60 inches
  sold 4/5/22  (framed price $21000) usa collector

selected by the jury for inclusion in the 
artists for conservation 2022 virtual exhibit and companion book.

click for enlargement



 

capercaillie   
 original oil painting
image 29 x 39 inches
view painting in frame 
â£10,850 sold 2/6/15  currency converter
purchase enquiry








 art book 

deer: artists' impressions   
    i'm excited to have been involved in this book published by quiller press. the book includes deer paintings from the following wildlife artists; owen williams, jonathon sainsbury, keith sykes, rodger mcphail, ian macgillivray, ben hoskyns, ashley boon and myself.

exert from the back cover
"... each artist explains in his own words why he cherishes painting deer in the wild and portrays the deer in his own unique style, from delicate pencil drawings to vivid watercolours and luxurious oils. all this  is complemented with an extensive description   by graham downing of each of the six british deer species - red, roe, fallow, muntjac, chinese water deer and sika

 royalties from the sale of the art books are being donated to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the british deer society." 

exhibitions
each year i take part in a number of wildlife art exhibiting events. for example in 2010/2011 i showed at the royal highland show, the scottish game fair, perthshire and a joint exhibition at the donald watson gallery, waterston house, the scottish ornithological society's headquarters. in london there is the annual society of wildlife artist's exhibition at the mall galleries .
full details are available on my events calendar page.

  my last wildlife art exhibition in london was 
  bird artists of the world, 2012 
tryon gallery, 7 bury street, london  sw1y 6al 

in 2014 events include the scottish game fair, the yorkshire game fair and perthshire open studios. 

â 

how to commission a painting
 
perhaps you would like a special piece of wildlife artwork to remind you of an experience or as a               gift for someone with a particular interest. please read the advice on how to commission a painting and contact me to discuss any ideas that you have. i regret that i               do not undertake any commissions of domestic animals or human portraits.
 the "on the easel"  page is used to share the creative process with               my clients. they can follow the progress of their commission on-line               and are sent an email whenever the page has an updated camera shot               of their artwork. this idea is proving very popular and saving or               printing the images of the developing painting from the web page adds               a little extra to the provenance of the finished painting. 
clients sometimes ask me whether i would contact them if i ever produce a painting of a particular bird, animal or location.

please feel free to register your special requests. i cannot make any promises but if at a later date i generate any suitable work i'll get in touch.

on the easel
 
view animal and bird paintings in progress on the "on the easel" page. you might also like to look at the creation of my large 8 foot wide artwork depicting gray wolves hunting american elk. 
 


oil painting in progress  
  compositional drawing




 


pink-footed geese   
 original oil painting
image 24 x 32 inches
special commisssion, sold  
purchase enquiry



tweets by martinridleyart 



nesting birds at "rossal" 
catch up on the story so far nestbox news

 you might also like to visit my other website 
          www.wildlife-art-paintings.co.uk





martin ridley shop

 
subscribe to newsletter

leave your details to receive the email newsletter
browse the newsletter archive
visit an exhibition
commission a painting
join mailing list
send a free electronic greeting card
download a wildlife art screen saver









wildlife artwork for sale
there is plenty of art to choose from. i try to maintain a stock of over a dozen wildlife art originals and the print range now numbers over a hundred titles. in 2014 we  began offering framed prints. the print framing service is only available for uk delivery addresses. making a purchase is simple with online credit card processing for your convenience (other methods of payment are also welcome).



original paintings for sale





prints for sale

 

there is an ever increasing selection of wildlife prints for sale. you can buy originals online by visiting my paintings for sale pages or select a purchase at one of my forthcoming exhibitions. 

 



studio visits
if you are ever in my region of scotland contact me to arrange a viewing of artwork at the studio. 



follow @martinridleyart


please "like" and "follow" the page to receive my updates. 
â 


top of page

shopping
please note that from time to time certain paintings may be unavailable for online purchase for the duration of a gallery exhibition.

links: more about wildlife art from wikipedia the free encyclopedia and here is a link to wildlife paintings by other artists. 






martin ridley
29 toberargan road, pitlochry
perthshire ph16 5hg

telephone: 
international +44 7925 549 002 
uk 07925 549 002

if you and are unable to see the blue link below 
copy down my email address from the image.




© copyright 2008 - martin ridley
privacy policyâ 









