









electronic journal of human sexuality





issn 1545-5556















senior editor:
peter b. anderson, ph.d.  
          college of health sciences
          walden university  
          editor (at) ejhs.org
publisher and managing editor: 
david s. hall,
    ph.d. 
          sexologist
          institute for advanced
    study
    of human sexuality 
          publisher (at) ejhs.org

board of consulting editors: 

patricia j. aletky, ph.d.
clinical psychologist
          minneapolis clinic of neurology

frank besag, ph.d. 
walden university
patti britton, phd, mph 
iashs, tcs, saybrook adjunct
co-founder sexcoachu.com 

scott butler, ph.d., mph 
school of health and human performance, georgia college
ruth s. buzi, lcsw, ph.d. 
asst. professor & director of social servicesteen health clinic
          baylor college of medicine
dr. pat carmoney, ph.d. college of social and behavioral sciences
          walden university
carol m. cassell, ph.d. 
          psychology,
          critical pathways consulting  
danielle duplassie, ph.d., rcc - therapist
        shanti counselling centre
jennifer lara fagen, ph.d.
lamar university
        
katherine frank, ph.d. 
scholar-in-residence, american university
        
robert friar, ph.d.
ferris state university
          
andrew forshee, ph.d.
portland community college
       
roseann
            hannon, ph.d.
psychology,  
        univ. of the pacific
raven james, ed.d. addiction studies program 
         governors state university
michael kauth, ph.d. 
co-director, south central mental illness research, education & clinical center, michael e. debakey va medical center, associate professor, menninger department of psychiatry & behavioral sciences, baylor college of medicine, houston, tx.
marty klein, ph.d.
sociologist, publisher of "sexual intelligence" 
juline koken, ph.d.
director of researchcenter for motivation and change
sergey lebedev, ph.d.
national institute for mental health research, russian academy of medical science 
tracy g. marsh, ph.d.
walden university 
steven a. matarelli, ph.d., rn
johns hopkins medicine international
laura mccormick, msed, ncc - ph.d. candidate in ed psychwalden university
gina ogden,
          ph.d. 
          sexologist
          institute for the advanced study of human sexuality
 dr. jason patton, phd, lpcs 
 
school of counseling and social services, walden university
dr. swati raychowdhury, ph.d., mph
college of health sciences

walden university
stacee reicherzer, ph.d. lpc-s  (texas), ncc
assessment coordinator of  counseling programs
school of counseling and social  service
walden university
dr. anthony santella, drph, mph, ches

university of sydney, sydney medical school
sydney, australia

sandra schroer, ph.d. sociology,
        muskingum college

david  w. seal,  ph.d. professor, vice-chair, and doctoral program director
global community health and behavioral sciences
tulane university school of public health & tropical medicine

elisabeth sheff, ph.d.
sociology, author and expert witness

 dr. george smeaton, ph.d., 
director of assessment and institutional research, landmark college
elaine c. spaulding, ph.d. sociology
coordinator, human services ph.d., school of counseling and social service, walden university 
richard sprott, ph.d.
exec. dir., community-academic consortium for research on alternative sexualities - caras 
book review editor
todd g.
  morrison,
  ph.d.       
  department of psychology, university of saskatchewan




as of march 22, 2015


the electronic journal of human sexuality is no longer accepting articles for publication. we have received none in 2015 and it appears our effort is no longer needed. i will support the continued online access to the journal for the next several years but the publisher, senior editor and consulting editors are retiring from this task. 
my thanks to all who have submitted their work, and to pete anderson and the staff of consulting editors for their work in peer review.
        david s. hall, phd
        founder and publisher

list of  book and movie reviews. 

 
volume 1 - 1998 table of contents 
volume 2 - 1999 table of contents 
volume 3 - 2000 table of contents 
volume 4 - 2001 table of contents 
volume 5 - 2002 table of contents 
volume 6 - 2003 table of contents 
volume 7 - 2004 table of contents 
volume 8 - 2005 table of contents 
volume 9 - 2006 table of contents 
volume 10 - 2007 table of contents 
volume 11 - 2008 table of contents
volume 12 - 2009 table of contents
volume 13 - 2010 table of contents 
volume 14 - 2011 table of contents
volume 15 - 2012 table of contents
volume 16 - 2013 table of contents
volume 17 - 2014 table of contents


magnus hirschfeld archive for sexology 
        humboldt-universität zu berlin 


continuum complete international encyclopedia of sexuality 
        the kinsey institute

 




 


