



home - community foundation of louisville : community foundation of louisville




  













































































toggle navigation





community foundation of louisville 


find a nonprofit
support our work
donor login
 find a nonprofit
support our work
donor login
who we are

about
why we’re here
financials
staff
board of directors
employment opportunities


what we do

invest louisville
action areas
community support
funding
initiatives
investment strategies
regional philanthropy
nonprofit resources
greater louisville project


ways to give

donors
donor login
create a fund
planned giving
endow kentucky tax credit
contribute to a specific fund
donor faqs


professional advisors

partner with us
planned giving
investment strategies


grants & scholarships

grant opportunities
apply – scholarships

find your scholarship


scholarship faqs
celebrate scholars
create a scholarship fund


stories & events

blog
events


 













 
investlouisville_webslider_v2_crescendo charitable giving web slider_1600x600general scholarship_webslider (1600 x 600 px)pride parade_websliderfinaluntitled design (65)cshf - web slider (1600 × 600 px) 









we are a financial institution with a social mission.
at our core, the community foundation of louisville is a financial institution that provides trustworthy and personalized service to help donors achieve their charitable goals.
we mobilize capital to address our community’s inequities – especially racial ones – by serving as a connector, convener, funder, and data analyst, developing innovative solutions that move us all forward.













winsday - great thrills for the greater good
winsday, a new derby week event, emerges as a beacon of community spirit and philanthropy. an exciting partnership with churchill downs, winsday is a day devoted to uplifting local nonprofit organizations and spotlighting the crucial work nonprofit organizations perform in our community during a global event.







get involved! 




create a fund






funding opportunities






scholarships






invest louisville






support our work









since 1984, the community foundation of louisville has mobilized people, networks, and capital to spark meaningful change in and beyond louisville. 
with nearly 800 million in assets, over 2,200 charitable funds, and collaborations with hundreds of local partners, we connect real investments with relevant causes. the key priorities of the foundation's mission are to advance racial equity, steward philanthropic assets, increase capital to community resources, and unleash real and sustainable progress within the region.














the community foundation of louisville works with our neighbors, partners, and community investors to bring forth the vision of our strategic plan to create a louisville where everyone prospers. learn more about our mission, programs, and initiatives below: 








community foundation blog



three local organizations receive high impact investment capital through invest louisville

the community foundation of louisville announced today that three local organizations have received investment capital through invest louisville, a new impact investing program aimed at pooling capital and deploying… continue reading »



from adversity to achievement: jonah's scholarship journey



life has a way of presenting challenges that test our resilience and determination. for jonah belance, community foundation of louisville scholarship recipient, the journey to achieving his dreams was met with m… continue reading »



six local queer youth-serving organizations selected for grants of up to $20,000 from the charles & jack fund for lgbtq+ advancement

this past year, the foundation announced a $2 million endowment, the charles & jack fund for lbgtq+ advancement, created by the late charles gruenberger and jack kersey — two longtime trailblazers in advocati… continue reading »



recent posts
        view this profile on instagram            community foundation of louisville (@cflouisville) • instagram photos and videos 

















community foundation of louisville
				325 w. main street, suite 1110
				waterfront plaza, west tower
				louisville, ky 40202
map & directions »
				phone: 502.585.4649
info@cflouisville.org


our office is currently operating on a hybrid schedule
            mondays and fridays -  open to visitors by appointment only
            tuesdays through thursdays  - 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.







about
donors
community support
professional advisors
scholarships
employment opportunities
blog & news
policies





instagram
linkedin
facebook
youtube
sign up for email updates
cfl blog









©2024 community foundation of louisville








×
sign up for news and updates
 get information from the community foundation of louisville in your inbox. it's free and you can unsubscribe at any time. please select one of the below options.










subscribe
* indicates required

first name 



last name 



email address  *




email lists 
foundation updates
charitable giving
funding opportunities
community initiatives
give for good louisville
professional advisors
scholarships



email format 
html
text





 


















