








home | ssti











































  



skip to main content









ssti conference
contact
 





login/join 


















inform
lead
support
strengthen










search form

search 





 



advanced search 










what is tbed?about sstiboardstaffmembershiptbed community of practicenewsssti digestjob cornerfunding supplementeducationawards programconferencepodcastsreportsupcoming webinarswebinar libraryfederal policymembershipmembership benefitsmember listjoin or renewmember-only documentsssbci resources 



















linkedinrss 









most popular



 
sbir caught in fallout as nih announces indirect cost rate of 15% 

useful stats: the state of us venture capital in 2024 

several states getting early jump on emerging blockchain, cryptocurrency acceptance 

useful stats: a quarter-century look reveals relatively flat nih r&d awards 

future of jobs report 2025 points to shifting worker training, economic development priorities 
 
 







staff picks

shut out: high school students learn about careers—but can’t try one that pays | the 74

how a canadian scientist and a venomous lizard helped pave the way for ozempic | globalnews.ca

us consumer borrowing surges by $40.8 billion, most on record | bloomberg

2025 manufacturing industry outlook | deloitte insights

lessons from economic development incentive evaluations for supporting small businesses | the pew charitable trusts

5 concepts can help you understand quantum mechanics and technology—without math! | nist

taiwan to help companies relocate to us following trump tariffs | reuters

first look: the 2024 survey of community college outcomes | richmond fed

even harvard m.b.a.s are struggling to land jobs | wsj

a new look at the economics of ai | mit sloan

more 















 

become an ssti member
as the most comprehensive resource available for those involved in technology-based economic development, ssti offers the services that are needed to help build tech-based economies.  learn more about membership...



subscribe to the ssti weekly digest
each week, the ssti weekly digest delivers the latest breaking news and expert analysis of critical issues affecting the tech-based economic development community. subscribe today!

 
 




 















national science foundation seeks feedback on the development of an ai plan


      thursday, february 13, 2025
    


 
the national science foundation, on behalf of the white house office of science & technology policy (ostp), is providing the opportunity for public input toward the development of a national artificial intelligence (ai) action plan, as directed by president trump’s executive order 14179. the request for information (rfi) is extremely broad. it states only that responses, to be submitted by march 15, may address any relevant ai policy topic, including but not limited to:

read more about national science foundation seeks feedback on the development of an ai plan





useful stats: which businesses are potentially impacted by the nih f&a rate change?


      thursday, february 13, 2025
    


 
the feb. 7, 2025, memo from the nih office of the director (not-od-25-068), now on hold because of two federal judge actions, announced the implementation of a flat 15% facilities and administrative fee (f&a) “across all nih grants.” while the historic average f&a, or indirect cost rate, paid for by nih is between 27 and 28%, the memo stated, the agency has previously allowed private small businesses without a negotiated f&a rate to charge up to 40% on their sbir/sttr awards without further justification, drastically lowering their administrative burdens. thus, a flat 15% fee on f&a if ever implemented would likely lead to some hardship for the small businesses.

read more about useful stats: which businesses are potentially impacted by the nih f&a rate change?





strategies for developing an annual report—part i


      thursday, february 13, 2025
    


 
note: the nation’s community of technology-based economic development organizations has entered annual report season, and already we've seen several released from ssti members. all document the impact tbed can have for advancing research, moving it to market, and helping businesses improve their profitability and competitiveness. 

read more about strategies for developing an annual report—part i





white house calls for establishment of a u.s. sovereign wealth fund


      thursday, february 13, 2025
    


 
in a recent executive order, the white house is calling for the federal government to establish a sovereign wealth fund (swf) that will "promote fiscal sustainability, lessen the burden of taxes on american families and small businesses, establish economic security for future generations, and promote united states economic and strategic leadership internationally.”

read more about white house calls for establishment of a u.s. sovereign wealth fund





sbir caught in fallout as nih announces indirect cost rate of 15%


      monday, february 10, 2025
    


 
a feb. 7 memo from the office of the director of the national institutes of health (not-od-25-068) announced the decision to implement a flat 15% facilities and administrative fee (f&a), also known as an indirect cost rate, ”across all nih grants.” public statements from the association of american medical colleges (aamc), association of american universities (aau), american council on education, (ace) and association of public and land-grant universities (aplu), among others, outlined their objections to the move, highlighting the impact it would have on medical research.

read more about sbir caught in fallout as nih announces indirect cost rate of 15%





ssti starts fact-gathering effort—virtual meeting on wednesday, feb 12, 3:00 p.m. (est)


      monday, february 10, 2025
    


 
answering the question of what impact a flat 15% f&a reimbursement rate would have on the nation’s sbir startups requires real data. the data doesn’t currently exist that we are aware of. as a result, ssti invites all sba fast recipients, state sbir matching grant programs, life science-based innovation and commercialization offices, and other interested tbed initiatives to join us for a virtual meeting as we launch a ‘citizen-science based’ online record gathering initiative to help inform state and federal policymakers.  register here.

read more about ssti starts fact-gathering effort—virtual meeting on wednesday, feb 12, 3:00 p.m. (est)





commerce nominee clears senate committee


      thursday, february 6, 2025
    


 
president trump’s nominee to become secretary of commerce, howard lutnick, cleared the senate committee on commerce, science and transportation on feb. 4 by a vote of 16 to 12. a floor vote is expected soon, possibly still this week. among the agencies within the commerce department are two agencies that support core elements of regional innovation and technology-based economic development more broadly. the national institutes of standards and technology (nist) oversees the manufacturing extension partnership and the economic development administration, which is one of the largest federally supported of core tbed and economic development efforts around the country. lutnick’s support of the chips act and sustaining the current structure of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration (noaa) remain unclear, according to roll call. lutnick is currently ceo of cantor fitzgerald, a wall street financial services firm.

read more about commerce nominee clears senate committee





read more from the ssti digest »

 


















ssti1391 w 5th avenue ste 323, columbus oh 43212 | tel 614.901.1690© 2024 ssti, all rights reserved. web design by alliance 










the state science & technology institute (ssti) is a national nonprofit organization dedicated to improving initiatives that support prosperity through science, technology, innovation and entrepreneurship. 



 





contact us

614.901.1690
contactus [@] ssti.org
privacy policy








aboutboard
staff
membership
tbed community of practice







join sstimember benefits
join ssti
member list













 

