


bagcrazy























 







tuesday, march 14, 2006



	 
	 having some issues
	 
    


so it looks like my image host has kind of just... gone away, and taken most of my pictures with it.  bagcrazy will be on hiatus a bit while i work this out.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 10:34 pm  
    	
         16 comments






wednesday, march 08, 2006



	 
	 miss marc katie
	 
    


i'm oddly drawn to this bizarre cotton "miss marc katie" tote from marc jacobs.photo courtesy of nordstrom.comit's just so strange, yet weirdly appealing. marc took a bright leather and canvas tote with cheerful turquoise accents and then slapped a spooky little girl on it. with a zipper mouth. rather unsettling and distinctly unlike everything else he's done before, but it's a really interesting piece and a bargain at $268.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 7:50 pm  
    	
         7 comments






friday, march 03, 2006



	 
	 be & d leather crawford hobo
	 
    


while i've been kind of lukewarm on be & d hobos in the past, but this stunning number has really shown me the light.photo courtesy of saks.comso slouchy and glamorous!  ultra soft white deerskin and platinum leather elevate this bag to new levels of sophistication.  the leather crawford hobo features a luxurious suede lining and studded adjustable shoulder strap.  the white/platinum and brandy/bronze are up for preorder, and the black/gunmetal and sand/cognac available now.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 4:49 pm  
    	
         5 comments






tuesday, february 28, 2006



	 
	 perforated is the new black
	 
    


everywhere you look, there are perforated accessories. designers are punching holes all over their bags this season, and the results are gorgeous.photo courtesy of eluxury.comi wasn't quite sure if i like louis vuitton's line of perforated monogram canvas at first, but certain pieces are really quite fun. pockets of color peek through and add a rather alluring element to the bag. the cute but useless lock on the side of the pochette is just enough hardware to justify the price tag.photo courtesy of eluxury.commarc jacobs' perforated leather brigitte has already been seen toted all over town by bag diva jessica simpson. i just love this bag, it's so elegant and the shape is a classic. obviously, marc borrowed freely from the lv speedy here, but since it's so very lovely, he gets a pass on this one.photos courtesy of bergdorfgoodman.comthe perforated suede flap bag and thong sandal make yet another unbeatable duo from the great jimmy choo. the shape of this bag is instantly recognizable but the radiating diamond pattern with the metallic gold underlay is a fresh new take. this combo is just delicious, and underscores my belief that you can't go wrong with the choo.photo courtesy of saks.combottega veneta joins the party with this perforated leather hobo. tiny pinholes give a subtle new texture to the trademark woven leather, and the ruffled trim is a playful and unexpected touch.photo courtesy of neimanmarcus.commy absolute favorite of the perforated purse parade would have to be the new boogie calfskin bag from celine. i love the refined femininity of it. it's an iconic shape updated with a delicate swirl pattern, it's simply stunning and perfect for spring.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 9:59 pm  
    	
         17 comments






tuesday, february 21, 2006



	 
	 the post in which i can't shut up about paddingtons
	 
    


how do you make a bag more fabulous than the lizard paddington?you make it in crocodile. words cannot describe how i love this bag.  some of that trademark slouchiness has been sacrificed, but it's much more formal and elegant in this luxe skin. this heartstopping arm candy rings in at a staggering $12,880 and is available for pre-order now.if you don't have the twelve grand handy, you can always make due with the $1,695 large metallic paddington, which is in stock now. i do like it, but it kind of reminds me of the tinfoil swans encasing leftover ribs at the local tony roma's.on the other hand, i find this gold paddington satchel to be just divine.  it's a fantastic size and shape, and surprisingly understated despite the color.  this gorgeous bag is on pre-order now for $1,825.photos courtesy of bergdorfgoodman.com



posted by crankybiscuit @ 9:38 pm  
    	
         4 comments






friday, february 17, 2006



	 
	 the handbag from anthropologie
	 
    


if you're searching for something a little different and unapologetically frilly, look no further than the handbag from anthropologie.photo courtesy of anthropologie.comtiers upon tiers of pleated linen ruffles trimmed with black stitching make this purse an unusual and lovely accessory for spring. gracefully curving raffia handles and a simple tie closure keep the focus on the voluminous body. it doesn't strike me as an everyday bag, but for $98, you can afford to have this as a distinctive accent in your collection.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 6:51 pm  
    	
         4 comments






wednesday, february 15, 2006



	 
	 sweet framboise
	 
    


louis vuitton recently unveiled their newest color in the vernis line, a vibrant raspberry hue.photo courtesy of eluxury.comthis is the kind of bag barbie and elle woods would get into a screaming, hair-pulling catfight over. that said, i love it. the bedford in particular is a very showy bag, eye-catching and extremely impractical. the dang thing actually rolls all over the place and it's hard to get into due to the stiffness of the patent leather, but it's actually a classic vuitton shape and can be quite elegant if paired with the right outfit.if you want to indulge your inner barbie doll, you can pick this bag up for $1,040 at eluxury.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 8:13 pm  
    	
         5 comments






friday, february 10, 2006



	 
	 boots for every occasion
	 
    


when i'm bored, i like to browse "the strip" section of zappos for interesting new shoe styles. they seem to have an endless variety of boots for every hobby and function, including:wookie impersonationseducing the michelin manstashing pots of gold at the end of rainbowsflaunting your emaciated calf musclessubduing feet that have evidently gone insanecandy ravingexpressing your love of parquet flooringinflicting pain on strangers for an hourly feeswashbucklingas an aside, i actually consider the second to last pair of boots pretty hot. i'm trying not to think too hard about what that says about me.photos courtesy of zappos.com



posted by crankybiscuit @ 6:41 pm  
    	
         13 comments






monday, february 06, 2006



	 
	 b. fendi linen with patent leather small bag
	 
    


although i'm not a huge fan of the line of b. fendi bags, i have to make an exception for the small linen version.photo courtesy of eluxury.comi find it to be much more elegant and subtle than the other styles- the single, oversized buckle seems quite understated in comparison. the combination of the demure linen and black patent leather trim is striking and has a distinct mod feel.  featuring aged brass hardware, easy magnetic flap closure, and an adjustable shoulder strap, it has a simplicity to it that will withstand the test of time.  available for $1,430 at eluxury.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 8:38 pm  
    	
         5 comments






tuesday, january 31, 2006



	 
	 chloe silverado hobo
	 
    


the ever-popular chloe silverado comes to us this season in a lovely new silhouette.it still has the trademark snap tabs, side pockets and whipstitched trim, but it's been translated into a very easy, practical shape. it features distressed metallic gold pebbled leather and antiqued golden hardware, and it's available for pre-order for $1,455.  if you've got money to spare, spring for the stunning silver python version, which rings in at a cool $2,845.photos courtesy of bergdorfgoodman.com



posted by crankybiscuit @ 7:50 pm  
    	
         4 comments






thursday, january 26, 2006



	 
	 maria pino western bag
	 
    


if you've ever wondered if it was possible to ruin the lines of a perfectly good bag by over-embellishing it, here's your answer:photo courtesy of nordstrom.comthe maria pino western bag looks as if someone had taken a birkin knockoff and coated it with 5 pounds of ugly. snakeskin embossed leather, floral print and floral appliqué, faux gemstones, crocheted blossoms, and straw are all jumbled together in a horrifying mess. the most appalling thing about this garish thing is it's $795 price tag. with all that junk on it, maybe they're probably charging by weight.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 8:14 pm  
    	
         3 comments






monday, january 23, 2006



	 
	 bottega veneta scalloped leather tote
	 
    


just in time for spring, this sublimely feminine scalloped leather tote is the latest offering by bottega veneta.photo courtesy of bergdorfgoodman.comthe sweet but unexpected addition of the eyelet trim is fabulous. it also features a softly rounded body, scalloped top, double shoulder straps and, of course, the gorgeous signature latticework leather. if it weren't for the rather hefty price tag of $1,680, this bag would easily top the list of must-haves for the season. it's available now for pre-order with an expected delivery date of march 27th.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 8:29 pm  
    	
         8 comments






friday, january 20, 2006



	 
	 havana by hayden-harnett
	 
    


you've just got to love a purse that's both beautiful and functional.photo courtesy of mightyflirt.comhayden-harnett's generously-sized havana bag won me over the minute i laid eyes on it. it's constructed of soft french lambskin, and gathered on the bottom to add fullness. it boasts a double flap closure, floral silk lining, brushed 9k gold hardware, loads of pockets, and removable box chain and leather tassel charms. best of all, the strap is adjustable from 18.5" to 22", so it can be worn on the shoulder, just under the arm, or even across the body. it's available for $368 in mulberry (pictured) or moss green at mightyflirt.com.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 10:38 pm  
    	
         2 comments






tuesday, january 17, 2006



	 
	 juicy couture terry bowler
	 
    


juicy couture has had its share of hits and misses, but i'm having a little difficulty deciding which category this terry bowler lands in.photo courtesy of nordstrom.comnow, i'm well aware of the fact that this bag is somewhat... lacking in sophistication and, well, taste, but when it comes right down to it, i just have a soft spot for kitsch. a big gold appliquéd palm tree on pink terry has just the right amount of kooky appeal to successfully round out a casual outfit, so long as that outfit isn't a velour tracksuit. it's available in light coral (pictured) or pool for $145.



posted by crankybiscuit @ 8:38 pm  
    	
         2 comments










  










about me

name:  crankybiscuit 
location:  los angeles 
i want everything.
view my complete profile
email crankybiscuit










dig in your garden, not your purse.
get organized with purseket!
 
previous posts

having some issues
miss marc katie
be & d leather crawford hobo
perforated is the new black
the post in which i can't shut up about paddingtons
the handbag from anthropologie
sweet framboise
boots for every occasion
b. fendi linen with patent leather small bag
chloe silverado hobo

archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006

daily reads





blogroll me!









 





 



 


 





