 











 



home page | pawpointsrewards








































skip to main navigation
skip to content
skip to footer





family of brands



















fresh step
 




dashboard


upload


rewards


donate


special of‌fers


faqs







paw icon

  join paw points® rewards








  
                            sign in
                        

  




















welcome to
paw points® rewards!




get free rewards for all your cat litter, cat food and treats purchases from fresh step® and scoop away®. meow wow!








join & grab 100 points

















it’s the only cat loyalty program that rewards you for all your cat food, treats and litter purchases!* 
and best of all, it’s free – just save and submit your purchase receipts! it’s our way of celebrating the special bond between cats and their people.









1 point per dollar
for every $1 spent on all kinds of cat food, treats and litter. wow!








5 points per dollar
for every $1 spent on fresh step® and scoop away®.



here’s to more points, more rewards and more happy cats!














rewards























see all rewards


















how it works






sign up & buy your fave cat products
buy almost any brand of cat food, treats or litter.





upload your receipt
take a pic of your receipt for kitty purchases, upload it and you’ll get points.





snag cool rewards
redeem points for rewards or donations to shelters.









join & grab 100 points

















last year, paw points members earned128 million points
we want to shower you with points (and awesome rewards) too!










go to dashboard
















paw points® rewards


rewards

special of‌fers

faqs



information


about us

contact us

site map


cookie settings


your privacy choices 




legal


terms of use (recently updated)

privacy policy

paw points rewardsterms & conditions

paw points rewardssweepstakes rules



follow us,your cat already does


instagram

facebook






*cat products include litter, food and treats.
 


© 2025 fresh step is a registered trademark of the clorox pet products company. febreze and gain are used under license from the procter & gamble company or its affiliates.




accessibility statement
the clorox pet products company is committed to making its website accessible for all users, and will continue to take steps necessary to ensure compliance with applicable laws.
if you have difficulty accessing any content, feature or functionality on our website or on our other electronic platforms, please call us at 1-800-325-9259 so that we can provide you access through an alternative method.
© 2025 the clorox pet products company.
 





family of brands














 











