


 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close








the official mr. haunted website ©jimmy haunted



















 since childhood i always had an interest in the supernatural. one of the first books i 
remember owning was called ghosts by daniel cohen. there was a picture in this book that i thought 
was the most amazing picture i had ever seen, the brown lady of raynham hall. this is the famous 
picture taken in 1936 for life magazine that depicts a woman descending a staircase even though the 
photographer swore there was no one there when he took the picture.
they called this a psychic photograph and i knew one day i wanted to grow up to be not a 
fireman or a doctor, but yes, a psychic photographer. being 7 years old, it was hard enough to find a 
camera to use let alone finding a haunted location to bicycle to.  

my first experience that i consider "paranormal" is when i was about 10 years old. i was listening to a 
baseball game on the radio at about 8 pm while on my bed. i was lying on my stomach with my knees bent and 
my feet in the air (got that?). my radio was the type with the dials on it, sort of like the ones on a stove and it 
was to the right of me on top of the dresser. my mother had company downstairs and i was told to "stay in 
bed." even though the lights were on i began to get the feeling of being "watched". the radio began changing 
stations on its own. i immediately thought" i can't go downstairs, what do i do?!" so i look over at the radio 
and i can see the dial moving quickly back and forth. i was frozen and couldn't move until "something" with 
great force pushed my feet down to the bed.i got up and ran downstairs. i can imagine the horror on my 
mother's face when her nerdy 10 year old son (who am i teasing, i was probably 18) in his incredible hulk pajamas came 
running down screaming "ma!, ma! there's a ghost in my room, it was turning my radio and then it threw my legs down and...." 
get back upstairs, there are no such things as ghosts! so i was sent back upstairs.luckily, nothing else happened that night or 
ever again in that house. but i guess a psychiatrist would say i am still trying to prove my mother wrong. there are such things 
as ghosts, mom.
in the early 90's,i was taking pictures in union cemetery in easton, connecticut. i was under the assumption that this 
place was so haunted that "the white lady" would just simply appear and you could take a picture of her. after an hour or so of 
waiting i decided to just take my roll of film and keep the pictures as a souvenir. i thought this would be the end of my "ghost 
hunting" career. but when i got my pictures developed almost half had "ghostly" images on them. so i kept going and i took so 
many that i threw away dozens that weren't dramatic enough and if i got any "orbs" i would throw them out too. i met 
someone there(debbie elward)that was also getting psychic or spirit photos. she told me that the warren's would love to see 
these pictures. i knew of ed and lorraine warren from a lecture they did at scsu. she told me that they teach classes and 
invited me to go the next week.
i became a member of the new england society for psychic research.ed and lorraine warren, along with tony spera conducted 
classes and instruction on investigation techniques,paranormal terms,their own experiences.we also had some great guest 
speakers such as fr malachi martin.i eventually i was sent out to investigate alleged haunted houses and interview the people 
involved while gathering evidence with video,audio,and photos and then report back to them as to what we had discovered.
 


 
 another group i was a member of was h.o.p.e it was with this group that a producer from abc came across our website and wanted to do a 
story on us for primetime live. they were interested in the exorcisms that we had helped with. to make a long story short, 
after the primetimelive special "the devil within" aired we had hundreds of calls from all over the country from people in need 
of help. this group broke up after a few years.
i  am currently taking a break from investigating but will still help people find help in their area.i have never or will never charge for investigations. 

.  since my ghostly 
episode at 10, my ghost pictures and videos have appeared on primetime live,good morning america,unsolved mysteries,scariest night of my life  
,sightings and "hostage to the devil" . my experiences and pictures have also been featured in the book,ghost hunters of new england by alan brown,,sun 
magazine,life magazine,connecticut magazine,the hamden chronicle,the cheshire herald,the new haven register,north 
haven post,easton courier and i taught "intro to ghost hunting" classes at the high school for over 10 years.i have investigated hundreds of 
supposed haunted locations and assisted around 50 exorcisms.i have recently co-authored the book phantom messages with bill hall.  i guess what i'm trying to say is "mom? do you believe me 
yet?!!"





all info on this site including images ©jimmy haunted


















learn about evps and tools used in paranormal investigations



























