







silvercreek























































0








        skip to content
      
























        menu
      



        gallery
      



        story
      



        private dining
      



        gift certificates
      

























                    book a reservation
                  






open menu
close menu




























        menu
      



        gallery
      



        story
      



        private dining
      



        gift certificates
      

























                    book a reservation
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  menu
                





                  gallery
                





                  story
                





                  private dining
                





                  gift certificates
                






















                book a reservation
              



















modern american dining



for over 30 years



tues-fri: lunch 11am - 2:30pmtues-sat: dinner 5pm - 9pmsat: brunch 11am-2:30pmsun: brunch 10am-2:30pmsun: dinner  4pm - 8pm



402 north race street — urbana, il — (217) 328-3402






































an amazing dining experience



silvercreek restaurant opened in 1990 and is located in charming downtown urbana. since then, we've been serving quality interpretations of classic dishes using only the freshest ingredients from local farmers, or right from our own garden.our interior reflects the hip sensibilities of the surrounding area while also paying tribute to urbana's storied past. the multi-level restaurant offers the choice to host private parties and events in the glittering glass greenhouse on the lower level, or enjoy the stunning antique collections on display in the main dining room.we're the perfect locale for casual fine dining. experience a vast array of tasteful delicacies such as fresh fish and juicy steaks, along with enticing vegetarian-friendly and gluten-free dishes. our lunch and dinner menus accommodate an assortment of palates, and the provocative wine and beer list is sure to satisfy! silvercreek’s famous platters are enjoyed by locals and out-of-towners alike.silvercreek is a quaint, rustic, spacious, natural wood-and brick restaurant that prides ourselves on our knowledgeable servers and competent culinary staff. throughout the community, we're well-known for deliciously satisfying experiences.the greenhouse at silvercreek is champaign/urbana's premier site to host your special occasion. for over 30 years, we have had the honor to host central illinois' special events, and we are excited at the possibility of bringing you everything necessary to make your function a wonderful success and delightful memory.














dine with us










lunch

the silvercreek lunch menu features appetizers, salads, sandwiches, burgers, and more.











dinner

you'll fall in love with our appetizers, entrees, and desserts. make a reservation for dinner now. 











dessert

there is always room for dessert! try our popular chocolate solution cake, fresh-baked cookie, or more.











drinks

check out our menu of specialty cocktails and fine wine. you'll have a new favorite drink in no time.







        see our entire menu
      


























the greenhouse
















elegant private dining



silvercreek's private dining room has seating for up to 70 people. have a larger party? our restaurant buy-out can seat up to 200! the greenhouse will provide everything you need including gourmet food options, premium bar options, quality china, flatware and stemware, fine linens, and world-class service. your exceptional experience at silvercreek is our number one priority. we look forward to helping you plan your special event.




    book an event
  














we aim to please…






















rachel w.
food was absolutely delicious, service was excellent, i can't wait to come back!






wei
i like the dining atmosphere. food is great and the server is a pleasure to talk to.






tony m.
wonderful evening of piano in the background, bottle of wine and excellent meal with my wife. need to come back once a month or every other month for sure. hidden gem!






amanda j.
new to the champaign area and heard about silvercreek from a friend. took the family (party of 10) there for my sons 21st birthday and had a wonderful experience. food was excellent and service was top shelf. will definitely be back very soon.






























































hourstues-fri:  lunch 11am - 2:30pm   dinner 5pm - 9pmsaturday: brunch 11am-2:30pm   dinner5pm-9pmsunday: brunch 10am-2:30pm   dinner 4pm-8pm make a reservationbook an eventwork at silvercreek



contact402 north race streeturbana, il 61801email us(217) 328-3402



silvercreek
























website by hagan design co.﻿










 
        join silvercreekrewards today 
    





silvercreek rewards program
ooops something went wrong







join 
us! sign up and start enjoying the benefits and rewards of our 
loyalty program.

name




email





birthday (optional)








phone




by clicking submit, you 
agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.

submit




welcome!
 
                provide your phone or email on your next visit to start 
earning. 
            



 
                please email or call spoton customer service for 
further assistance. 
            
 
                support@spoton.com / (877) 814-4102 
            







