





j.c. blauvelt gunsmith, inc.

j.c. blauvelt
gunsmith, inc.
owned & operated by john c. blauvelt, jr.

 --- new location --- milford, pennsylvania ---phone # 570-296-7360a licensed
professional gunsmith since 1979 and a certified armorer for most
of the major firearm manufacturers. specializing in custom pistol
and rifle work for competitors and police. active competitor in
both pistol and rifle shooting sports, ppc governor's 20, double
nra police distinguished, new york state ppc champion, nra life
member.
featured in the field &
stream article "the gun doctors ... 10 great
gunsmiths" 
field & stream firearms test panel member 

j.c. blauvelt is also available
for expert case reviews, consultations and expert witness
testimony in firearm-related civil and criminal cases. he
has over 30 years of firearms experience as a professional,
licensed gunsmith as well as 20 years of law enforcement and
firearms instructor experience - including testifying in numerous
court cases as a full-time police officer/detective supervisor
(retired). he now has on-going involvement in several past and
present court cases as an expert witness. legal firms may contact
mr. blauvelt at the telephone number listed below for further
information. 
attorney references regarding past consultations are available
upon request.

 
please check out the photo
gallery with pictures of some of our custom-built firearms!
[photo gallery] [shop photos] we do machining
of revolver cylinders to take full-moon clips!  $60.00 for
s&w "l" 7 shot, and "n" frame
revolvers, $75.00 for s&w " l" 6 shot,
"k", and "j" frame revolvers! $50.00 extra
for recessed cylinder. rugers, colts, and taurus also done. plus 
return shipping. moon clips are extra (not included).  see
the gallery for some pictures of this work (click the photo
gallery link above). we use tk
custom moon clips
because they are the best.
 
please call for an appointment and directions.
live far away? no problem! e-mail us and let us know what you
might be interested in having done. we take shipments for repairs
and custom work from all over the united states!
contact us for all
your gunsmithing needs, including......

ruger
        10/22 rebuilds, trigger jobs, heavy barrels, and
        stocks.

ruger mk i
        & ii trigger jobs, custom barrels, and bulls-eye
        upgrades.

full custom revolver rebuilds to ppc and heavy barrel target pistols

1911 and
        browning hipower rebuilds to bullseye, hardball, idpa and
        ipsc style guns

 barrel threading for muzzle brakes and registered class three
silencer installation.

rifle
        barreling, chambering, pillar bedding, synthetic stocks,
        action blueprinting

 registered class three firearms repairs and modification.

full-rifle
        rebuilds to precision specifications

ar-15,
        m-16 upgrades & tactical rebuilds - including ny state compliance work

refinishing
        - bluing, teflon, chrome, and parkerizing

smith
        & wesson m&p, glock, springfield xd trigger jobs, sights and
        tuning


 god bless america 
links 
pafoa-pennsylvania firearm owners association  pafoa is a non-profit organization proud to be the #1 source for information related to firearm ownership in pennsylvania.
forks of the delaware collectors assoc. - the forks of the delaware historical arms society, inc., sponsor of the original allentown gun show
matamoras rod & gun club - local pa gun club
the orange county, ny
shooters information page - information and links for all
shooters, not just orange county, ny shooters
the wallkill rod and
gun club - local nys gun club
field
& stream - the world's leading
outdoor website
tk custom / moonclips.com

 
e-mail : gunsmith@jcbgunsmith.com
phone/fax : (570) 296-7360
 
page design by john c. blauvelt iii
last updated january 13, 2016- copyright
        1990-2016, j.c. blauvelt gunsmith, inc.
all brand names and logos are the property
        of their respective companies and organizations.
all other content and photos are property
        of j.c. blauvelt gunsmith, inc. and may not be reproduced
        in whole or in part except with the express written
        consent of j.c. blauvelt gunsmith, inc.
questions, comments, and problems with the
        page should be directed to the webmaster

