  






penn state extension | the pennsylvania state university












 


  




 

 the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.     skip to content  menu browse by category close  animals and livestock animals and livestockclose    view all   dairy  dairyclose   view all   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    poultry  poultryclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    beef cattle  beef cattleclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    equine  equineclose   view all   pasture and environment management   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    swine  swineclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    goats  goatsclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    sheep  sheepclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety   business management    llamas and alpacas  llamas and alpacasclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   health and care   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   business management    canine  canineclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   behavior and welfare   health and care   reproduction and genetics     forage and food crops  forage and food crops close    view all   agronomic crops  agronomic cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    cover crops  cover cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    forages  foragesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    forage quality and testing   pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    fruit  fruitclose   view all   production and harvesting   cultivars and rootstocks   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    mushrooms  mushroomsclose   view all   production and harvesting   substrate management   pests and diseases   food safety   business management    vegetables  vegetablesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management     trees, lawns, and landscaping trees, lawns, and landscapingclose    view all   aquatic plants and algae  aquatic plants and algaeclose   view all   species and varieties   pests and diseases   business management    christmas trees  christmas treesclose   view all   production and harvesting   pests and diseases   business management    home gardening  home gardeningclose   view all   planting and growing   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   eco-friendly gardening   pollination and bees   landscaping for wildlife   animal control    ornamentals and floriculture  ornamentals and floricultureclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   facilities and technology   business management    trees and shrubs  trees and shrubsclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   personal safety   business management    turfgrass and lawn care  turfgrass and lawn careclose   view all   species and cultivars   establishment and renovation   fertility and soil management    cultural practices   pests and diseases   weed identification and management   athletic fields and sports turf   golf course turf   personal safety   business management     insects, pests, and diseases insects, pests, and diseasesclose    view all   pest, disease and weed identification  pest, disease and weed identificationclose   view all   insect identification and control   weed identification and control   plant disease identification and control    pesticide applicators  pesticide applicatorsclose   view all   certification and study materials   recertification   resources and best practices    pest management and education  pest management and educationclose   view all   agriculture   public/homeowners   educators and teachers    pollinators  pollinatorsclose   view all   beekeeping   habitat and landscape   identification and biology   pesticides   pollination services    vectors  vectorsclose   view all   tick identification and management   mosquito identification and management   vector-borne diseases     forests and wildlife forests and wildlifeclose    view all   forest management  forest managementclose   view all   management practices   invasive and competing plants   pests and diseases   legacy planning    forestry business and economics  forestry business and economicsclose   view all   agroforestry   county forest economic data   policy and ordinances   timber market report    forest products  forest productsclose   view all   biofuels   botanicals   maple syrup   wood products    urban forestry  urban forestryclose   view all   community forest management   tree care   tree selection and planting   municipal stormwater management    wildlife  wildlifeclose   view all   habitat management   wildlife ecology and conservation   wildlife nuisance and damage     food safety and quality food safety and qualityclose    view all   commercial food processing  commercial food processingclose   view all   good manufacturing practices   regulations   business management    dairy food processing  dairy food processingclose   view all   business management   production and processing   regulations   safety and sanitation    farm food safety  farm food safetyclose   view all   good agricultural practices   regulations    food service and retail  food service and retailclose   view all   food service safety   regulations   business management    home food preservation and safety  home food preservation and safetyclose   view all   food preservation   food safety    grape and wine production  grape and wine productionclose   view all   grape production   wine production   business management and marketing    beer, hard cider, and distilled spirits  beer, hard cider, and distilled spiritsclose   view all   production   business management     water waterclose    view all   drinking and residential water  drinking and residential waterclose   view all   water quality    supply and conservation   maintenance and treatment   testing and interpretation    pond management  pond managementclose   view all   water quality   pond maintenance   aquatic plants and algae   fisheries, wildlife, and ecology    urban and residential stormwater  urban and residential stormwaterclose   view all   water quality   flood control   design, construction, and maintenance    wastewater management  wastewater managementclose   view all   private septic systems   industrial    water for agriculture  water for agricultureclose   view all   conservation practices   irrigation water   livestock drinking water   nutrient management    watershed protection and restoration  watershed protection and restorationclose   view all   streams and rivers   water quality and management   watershed education    conservation practices and training  conservation practices and trainingclose   view all   ag literacy   conservation practices   administration and funding     energy  energy close    view all   marcellus shale and natural gas  marcellus shale and natural gasclose   view all   landowner leasing and royalties   economic and business impacts   environmental impacts   municipality and government impacts    renewable and alternative energy  renewable and alternative energyclose   view all   biofuels   energy use and efficiency   renewable energy resources     business and operations business and operationsclose    view all   starting a farm  starting a farmclose   view all   exploring farming   starting a business   introduction to agronomy   introduction to horticulture   introduction to livestock    business management  business managementclose   view all   business growth   financial   marketing and sales   risk management and insurance   transition and succession planning    human resources  human resourcesclose   view all   labor relations   professional development   volunteer management   workforce development    land and equipment  land and equipmentclose   view all   acquisition and leasing   emerging technology   maintenance    farm markets  farm marketsclose   view all   getting started   management   marketing    farm safety  farm safetyclose   view all   animal handling   farm emergency training   farm equipment and structures   protective gear   youth safety   disaster preparedness   agrability     community development community developmentclose    view all   community planning and engagement  community planning and engagementclose   view all   broadband   community development   leadership   local government   volunteer management    economic development  economic developmentclose   view all   see all economic development    land use  land useclose   view all   see all land use     youth, family, and health youth, family, and healthclose    view all   nutrition, diet, and health  nutrition, diet, and healthclose   view all   chronic disease   food allergies   fitness and exercise   mental health   nutrition and food    children and families  children and familiesclose   view all   early childhood care and education   family resiliency   financial wellness and literacy   substance use education   4-h youth development     browse all by education format browse all by education formatclose  articles articlesclose  conferences conferencesclose  guides and publications guides and publicationsclose  news newsclose  online courses online coursesclose  tools and apps tools and appsclose  videos videosclose  webinars webinarsclose  workshops workshopsclose  searchsearch search account  cart       penn state extension | the pennsylvania state university       lifelong learning you can trustpractical knowledge to work the land, develop skills, grow your business, serve your community, steward the environment, and raise healthy families.create an accountlearn when, where, and how you needchoose from thousands of in-person workshops, online courses, publications, and onsite consultations on topics that matter to you. solve problemsgot an issue? let’s work together to identify and solve the most important challenges impacting your business, home, or health.develop skillsexpert resources to develop competencies for the workforce, build your business, pursue a hobby, or follow your passion.earn certificatesprofessional credentials you need to demonstrate that you are safe, competent, and qualified.  featured online courses          online courses beekeeping 102: organic honey bee colony management sections 6 length 5 hours  learn organic colony management practices like managing varroa mites and other pests with ipm methods, and to keep honey bees healthy without hard chemicals.      $139.00           online courses venison 101: harvesting sections 4 length 4 hours  learn about deer hunting: how the game commission manages hunting; when and where you can hunt; common deer diseases; and how to skin and field dress a deer.      $29.00           online courses home food preservation: freezing sections 4 length 4 hours, 30 minutes  learn how to preserve food at home by freezing, the science of safely freezing food, and how to prepare, package, and thaw different types of foods.      $29.00           online courses ag101: introduction to agriculture sections 9 length 11 hours  learn the basics of farms and farming, including crops, livestock, and natural resources, common to pennsylvania and other mid-atlantic and northeast states.      $99.00           online courses landscaping safety: pesticides sections 6 length 4 hours  learn about pesticide labels, regulations, and application. follow procedures for storage, spills, emergencies, and safety precautions. earn pch credits.      $19.00           online courses employee landscape training: planting, mulching, and watering sections 2 length 1 hour, 30 minutes  this course helps landscape businesses train beginner and seasonal employees to inspect and handle nursery stock, dig, edge, mulch, water, and stake trees. earn pch credits.      $19.00           online courses grant writing: how to find funds and write a winning proposal sections 4 length 4 hours  write a successful grant proposal. learn about the grant review process, organizational missions, and public and private funding sources.      $99.00           online courses nutrition 101: healthy eating guidelines and meal planning sections 6 length 6 hours  in this online course, learn the basics of nutrition, and practical suggestions for creating healthy food choices to improve and maintain your health.      $69.00           online courses forest taxation: forest finance and timber tax education sections 13 length 8 hours  tax professionals and forest landowners learn about finance, taxation, and timber sales and taxation in order to save money on taxes. earn 8 cfes or 8 cpes.      $160.00           online courses pruning ornamental trees and shrubs sections 5 length 3 hours  this online course for beginning landscapers and home gardeners covers pruning basics: how trees and shrubs grow, when and how to prune, and safety and tools.      $39.00           online courses growing raspberries and blackberries: from planting to harvest sections 3 length 7 hours, 30 minutes  this course prepares you to grow berries, from choosing varieties,  to planting, to handling pests and diseases.  growing can be rewarding and profitable.      $99.00           online courses private wells and water systems management sections 5 length 4 hours  learn how to identify the proper location, construction, maintenance, testing, and treatment of a water well, spring, or cistern      $39.00           online courses farmers market food safety sections 7 length 4 hours  selling food at farmers' markets is popular and profitable. this online course teaches vendors and producers about food safety and preventing foodborne illness.      $39.00           online courses orchard management: site planning and preparation sections 4 length 3 hours  this course is designed for beginning and next-generation commercial tree fruit growers. learn to choose an appropriate orchard site, address climate considerations, and prepare for planting.      $89.00           online courses plant health diagnosis: assessing plant diseases, pests and problems sections 4 length 2 hours  learn a process for diagnosing plant health problems, including signs and symptoms of diseases, pests and insects, and environment or management issues. earn 4 category 6, 7, 18, 23, or private category credits and a certificate of completion.      $29.25           online courses totally veggies sections 6 length 8 hours  vegetables are crucial to your health.  in this course, learn shopping and storage tips, cooking techniques, helpful videos and handouts, and easy recipes.      $39.00     you may also be interested in... filter byfilter by  webinars  webinars  previousnext     webinarsqpr gatekeeper suicide prevention training     webinarscommunicating with farmers under stress     webinarslet's cook at home: weight management     webinarsmental health first aid     webinarscooking for crowds: a volunteer's guide to safe food handlingextension by the numbers
people, resources, and ideas advancing the extension mission.
320+
subject matter experts

1,500+
in-person and online events per year

6,000+
articles, publications, and fact sheets 
trending topicsextension offers the latest information and resources on topics impacting pennsylvania today.avian influenzahighly pathogenic avian influenza (hpai): poultry owners should be on high alert.learn moredevelop skillsexpert resources to develop competencies for the workforce, build your business, pursue a hobby, or follow your passion.spotted lanternflylearn how to slow the spread of the invasive spotted lanternfly.
learn morelatest news see all news            news 1/23/2025 forest snapshot january 2025 this bi-monthly article is a collection of forest health observations, plant and animal phenology, important upcoming dates, and hunting season changes.   $0.00                news 2/17/2025 drinking water interpretation tool (dwit) receives updates and a new look this updated online tool helps interpret water test results.   $0.00            news 2/17/2025 february celebrates world wetlands day wetlands are unique ecosystems found worldwide that host an abundance of plant and animal species and function as a natural means of water filtration and flood control.   $0.00            news 2/17/2025 rain barrel kits available now the master watershed steward program is offering rain barrel kits at select extension offices.   $0.00                news 2/4/2025 growing hemp in 2025: updates what you need to know about growing hemp in pennsylvania this year.   $0.00                news 2/4/2025 weather outlook for the week of february 4, 2025 we will have to buckle up because this next week appears to be a wild (and wintry) ride!   $0.00    our visionwe believe that all people should have access to science-based information. 
penn state extension is a modern educational organization dedicated to delivering science-based information to people, businesses, and communities. we provide access to face-to-face and online education to our customers—when they want it, where they want it, and how they want it—to help them address problems and take advantage of opportunities for improvement and innovation. partnering with and funded by federal, state, and county governments, we have a long tradition of bringing unbiased support and education to the citizens of pennsylvania. we make a difference locally through focused engagement, and more widely to customers connecting in the digital landscape. you may also be interested in...        articles hpai: what you need to know about dairy cattle and poultry by melissa cantor, gino lorenzoni, lisa a. holden, hayley springer  the highly pathogenic avian influenza (hpai) virus has been found to affect several types of animals. explore information about hpai and tips to safeguard your animals and business.         articles spotted lanternfly management guide  publication providing comprehensive details on the spotted lanternfly, including identification and life cycle; quarantine and distribution; host range, phenology, and damage; and management.         articles roadside guide to clean water by jennifer r fetter  recognizing good practices to protect water in your community.         articles best practices for managing and moderating community social media groups by sarah cornelisse  this article discusses reasons people join local community social media groups and provides best practices for those who manage and moderate those groups.         articles resources for food entrepreneurs by luke laborde, ph.d.  are you looking to start a new food business? are you an existing business looking for information on how to maximize your profitability?         articles beer and spirits: supplying the craft beverage boom with local ingredients by heather e. manzo, maria l graziani, molly berntsen, rachel hair, thy le an ngo  penn state extension conducted research in 2017 to assess current and future production levels and supply chain actors and identify future potential for local and regional sourcing of ingredients         articles mulching landscape trees by david r. jackson  mulches are materials placed over the soil surface to enhance landscape beauty, improve soil conditions, protect plants from foot traffic and lawn equipment, and suppress weeds.         articles how you can comply with the spotted lanternfly quarantine regulations  some tips to help you avoid spreading spotted lanternfly (slf) and be in compliance with the pennsylvania department of agriculture (pda) regulations.         articles tree-of-heaven by david r. jackson, art gover, sarah wurzbacher  tree-of-heaven (ailanthus altissima) is an invasive tree and noxious weed in pa. this article displays images to assist with identification and provides recommendations for control, including a management calendar and treatment and timing table.         articles choosing a qualified pest management or lawn care company by sharon i gripp  when you discover a pest problem in or around your home, such as the spotted lanternfly, the first step is to identify the pest.         articles common drinking water problems and solutions by bryan swistock, james andrew clark  a listing of symptoms in water (color, smell, taste), the common causes, and possible solutions to common drinking water problems.         articles pennsylvania native plants for the perennial garden by constance schmotzer  herbaceous (nonwoody) perennial plants add year round interest to any landscape and are a popular choice of plants among gardeners.         articles fruit and vegetable marketing for small-scale and part-time growers by james dunn, ph.d., lynn kime  marketing is important to all farm enterprises, regardless of size.         articles proper handling of eggs: from hen to consumption by phillip clauer  to ensure egg quality in small flocks, egg producers must learn to properly handle the eggs they produce.         articles pennsylvania pesticide applicator certification  learn how to become a pesticide applicator in pennsylvania.         articles six steps to mushroom farming by david meigs beyer, ph.d.  mushroom farming consists of six steps, and although the divisions are somewhat arbitrary, these steps identify what is needed to form a production system.         articles 8 things you need to know before starting your own dairy farm by mathew m. haan  whatever your background and experience, there are some things you need to know before you start milking cows.    featured articles          articles hpai: what you need to know about dairy cattle and poultry by melissa cantor, gino lorenzoni, lisa a. holden, hayley springer  the highly pathogenic avian influenza (hpai) virus has been found to affect several types of animals. explore information about hpai and tips to safeguard your animals and business.         articles spotted lanternfly management guide  publication providing comprehensive details on the spotted lanternfly, including identification and life cycle; quarantine and distribution; host range, phenology, and damage; and management.         articles roadside guide to clean water by jennifer r fetter  recognizing good practices to protect water in your community.         articles best practices for managing and moderating community social media groups by sarah cornelisse  this article discusses reasons people join local community social media groups and provides best practices for those who manage and moderate those groups.         articles resources for food entrepreneurs by luke laborde, ph.d.  are you looking to start a new food business? are you an existing business looking for information on how to maximize your profitability?         articles beer and spirits: supplying the craft beverage boom with local ingredients by heather e. manzo, maria l graziani, molly berntsen, rachel hair, thy le an ngo  penn state extension conducted research in 2017 to assess current and future production levels and supply chain actors and identify future potential for local and regional sourcing of ingredients         articles mulching landscape trees by david r. jackson  mulches are materials placed over the soil surface to enhance landscape beauty, improve soil conditions, protect plants from foot traffic and lawn equipment, and suppress weeds.         articles how you can comply with the spotted lanternfly quarantine regulations  some tips to help you avoid spreading spotted lanternfly (slf) and be in compliance with the pennsylvania department of agriculture (pda) regulations.         articles tree-of-heaven by david r. jackson, art gover, sarah wurzbacher  tree-of-heaven (ailanthus altissima) is an invasive tree and noxious weed in pa. this article displays images to assist with identification and provides recommendations for control, including a management calendar and treatment and timing table.         articles choosing a qualified pest management or lawn care company by sharon i gripp  when you discover a pest problem in or around your home, such as the spotted lanternfly, the first step is to identify the pest.         articles common drinking water problems and solutions by bryan swistock, james andrew clark  a listing of symptoms in water (color, smell, taste), the common causes, and possible solutions to common drinking water problems.         articles pennsylvania native plants for the perennial garden by constance schmotzer  herbaceous (nonwoody) perennial plants add year round interest to any landscape and are a popular choice of plants among gardeners.         articles fruit and vegetable marketing for small-scale and part-time growers by james dunn, ph.d., lynn kime  marketing is important to all farm enterprises, regardless of size.         articles proper handling of eggs: from hen to consumption by phillip clauer  to ensure egg quality in small flocks, egg producers must learn to properly handle the eggs they produce.         articles pennsylvania pesticide applicator certification  learn how to become a pesticide applicator in pennsylvania.         articles six steps to mushroom farming by david meigs beyer, ph.d.  mushroom farming consists of six steps, and although the divisions are somewhat arbitrary, these steps identify what is needed to form a production system.         articles 8 things you need to know before starting your own dairy farm by mathew m. haan  whatever your background and experience, there are some things you need to know before you start milking cows.    upcoming workshops          workshops creating a dairy biosecurity plan for hpai when multiple options available length 1 hour, 30 minutes event format in-person  develop a biosecurity plan to safeguard your herd and comply with pennsylvania guidelines at this open house event with expert guidance.     free           workshops produce grower update when multiple options available length 2-2.5 hrs. event format in-person  explore the latest insights at penn state extension's grower updates on vegetable and small fruit production, industry trends, and pesticide safety. earn pda credits while networking.     $10.00           workshops pennsylvania agforum: taking action together for our agricultural community when 03/19/2025 length 6 hours event format in-person  penn state extension invites stakeholders from various sectors to identify collective actions to address the challenges confronting pennsylvania's farming community.     free           workshops private water supply education and water testing when multiple options available length 1 hour event format in-person  learn to test, safeguard, and treat your well or spring water. discover inspection and upkeep tips to protect your family, property, and our shared groundwater.     free           workshops agronomic pesticide update when multiple options available length 2 hours event format in-person  attend this traditional session offering 2 core and 2 category credits to fulfill recertification requirements for pesticide applicators.     $10.00           workshops let's cook mediterranean when multiple options available event format in-person  take a tasty trip to the mediterranean in this hands-on cooking class that includes recipe preparation and enjoying an authentic, healthy, and delicious meal.     $30.00           workshops lift (8 weeks) when multiple options available event format in-person  get motivated, energized, and inspired while boosting strength, flexibility, and vitality! lift’s group training helps build confidence and improve your body and overall well-being.     $60.00           workshops crops day when multiple options available event format in-person  explore the latest seasonal innovations, gain pesticide recertification credits, and stay informed about cutting-edge agronomic research, products, and technology updates.     $10.00           workshops preventive controls for human foods training for pcqi recognition when multiple options available length 2.75 days event format in-person  provides the credentials to meet fda requirements to be designated a pcqi for the development and implementation of haccp based systems as part of the food safety modernization act (fsma) regulations.     $700.00           workshops servsafe® when multiple options available length 2 days event format in-person  upon successful completion, participants can receive their servsafe® food protection manager certificate, meeting the pa department of agriculture requirements for the food employee certification act.     $165.00    what our customers are sayingeverything we do is centered around animal welfare and food safety. however, we needed the science. it's all that partnership and education. i've learned so much through the years working with extension. it's been a great thing.frank connettmanager of flock services at kreider farmsmanagement of forest invasives has been a very large problem for me, and i've managed to keep on top of it, but i found the resources offered by extension have been very valuable in that. it is very helpful because if you talk to the professionals who do it, you get a very different view point and in many cases you could be wasting thousands of dollars in doing the wrong thing, or the right thing at the wrong time. i found that having the resources from extension has aided me in many ways.john hooverbald eagle tree farmthe extension programs have given me reference making me a much better steward of our property and a better understanding of how the ecosystem fits together. since i've been managing it, we've seen a return of fishers and beavers to our stream so we are getting back pieces to the ecosystem that have been missing.susan shoemaker-benedictbeartown family limited partnershippenn state has been an integral part of the business since i’ve been here. we do about 3.5 million pounds of fresh sausage a year. we’ve relied on penn state many times because we do not have the budget to have a full-time person here that deals with food safety or research and development.len caricpresident/ceo uncle charley’s sausage co.we work very closely with penn state extension, and that has been instrumental in developing best practices and new processes and technologies, both in the orchard and the packhouse.danijel lolicrice fruit companyi really appreciate the instructors from penn state extension mostly because they serve as a really good resource. they're well-spoken and very clear. they'll take subject matter and dumb it down–so to speak–so that on every level, you understand it.ester betleydining with diabetes participantpenn state extension and the university have provided us uncounted resources when it comes to the education of our employees.byron shafferdirector of food safety and quality assurance at kreider farmsvolunteers are the backbone of extensionjoin a highly engaged team that supports master gardener; master watershed steward; 4-h; and nutrition, health, and wellness programs.
learn more about volunteer opportunitiespennsylvania 4-h: transforming kids through doing4-h is the state's largest youth development organization, with clubs in rural communities, small towns, and big cities–including a club near you. members tackle projects that build life skills, explore careers, and help young people find their passion in life.
learn more about pennsylvania 4-h
   







personalize
                your experience with penn state extension and stay informed of
                the latest in agriculture. newslettersign up for our newsletter: subscribe college of agricultural sciences
the pennsylvania state university
323 agricultural administration building
university park, pa 16802penn state extension on facebookpenn state extension on linkedinpenn state extension on twitterpenn state extension on youtubeinstagram
 about
                            extension
                        aboutleadershipcareersextension newspresscounty offices
                            customer service
                        help centerlogin problemsmanage email preferencescontact usother
                            programs
                        pennsylvania 4-hbetter kid caremaster gardeners
 youth safetyprivacy and legal statementsveterinary advice statementaccessibility© 2025 the pennsylvania state university email address is required to loginplease enter your email address below to create account.email sign in   











































































































