




all winning horse racing services





















 







 
welcome to the professional 
handicappers

 







with winning results since 1975 - now celebrating our 
49th year! 



      

i can make anyone a




consistent winning handicapper! get great results!






since 1975, the professional handicappers association have been helping/teaching racing fans across north america to successfully play the horses. "sprint" and cathy 

rogers have personally taught/lectured to tens of thousands of fans at seminars in major racetracks areas throughout north america. many that they have taught were qualified to make a living at the track. 


the professional handicappers association has handicapped the races for a major racetrack and are the authors/publishers of the greatest teaching manual on thoroughbred horseracing "selecting winning horses the las vegas way" as well as, the nationally acclaimed "best ratings" 

which are daily speed and class ratings for most major and minor tracks in north 

america. 
the horse racing strategists of the professional handicappers 

association have also developed computer thoroughbred handicapping programs, as 

well as having produced instructional videos on handicapping the sport.

i don't care who you are, where you live or


what your age or sex is by the time you finish reading this article, you will 

know how i can make you a consistent, winning handicapper. read all about our services!
good luck and good

handicapping from all of us at the professional handicappers association.



 all of the products and services


listed below are available to download immediately from the net.


 






never again plan-the no 
      handicapping  



winning selection method!!
 
a morning


line/probable odds numerical application for winning selections for thoroughbred





horses, quarter horses, trotters and dog racing. it takes just a couple of 

 minutes to handicap a race. no racing from required.


 

 click
 here for more information!




spot play method
spot win play is a method designed to pick a single horse to win. not all races will be played in a day. there will be no ties. there will be no doubt which horse to play. this is not a 2 horse 
    win play method.



 

 click
 here for more information!



    favorite or longshot? 
everyone likes to win on a long priced horse. but when is 
    the long priced horse going to win? the "favorite or longshot?" method will explain 
    how to find the right longshot to win.



 

 click
 here for more information!


 

3 minute handicapping 

3 minute handicapping is a very, very simple method for 
      picking winning selections for thoroughbred horses that can be 
      accomplished by anyone in just a few minutes. no handicapping knowledge is 
      required. 



 

 click
 here for more information!








 never 
again plan  






the no handicapping  



winning selection method!!







software

for selecting winning 
    thoroughbred horses!

many people have been asking to design 
    software so they do not have to make any decisions or spend any time 
    handicapping horses! 


 

 click
 here for more info !


accu-pic 
handicapping software
 for horses
imagine having at the click of a button the best horses to play for both single 
wins plays and exotics with absolutely no handicapping on your part. just click 
a button and you will have the best horses to play. all using sound handicapping 
principles!!!


 

 click
 here for more info !




single win
  horse method of play
win money consistently!
works at all thoroughbred tracks!



 

 click
 here for more info !


one step - the epitome of thoroughbred handicapping

the one step - the epitome of thoroughbred handicapping is a one step 
    procedure that takes all the fundamentals of handicapping and reduces them 
    to the most powerful factor in horse racing.
we have found that there is one very, very powerful 
    factor in horseracing that wins most races. and finding the horse that 
    possesses this one powerful factor will win most races.  how we 
    approach this one step is so unique and we know of no handicapper 
    that  uses this one factor this way anywhere! how you apply this one 
    step is the whole key.


 

 click
 here for more info !




easy and fast 
    handicapping for thoroughbred horses




picks winners!

works at all tracks!


click for 

 more info


















miracle 

      weapon for horse racing
the miracle weapon is undoubtedly the most sophisticated and 

      successful handicapping method ever to be used in the sport of 

      thoroughbred horse racing


get more information 














     
      
  5 steps to pick winning horses

just  5 steps to 

pick winning horses and becoming a great handicapper



click here for more information 


















































































     horse racing betting calculator software





                        




    "money 

    manager one"                



    

    




let's you win money playing 

    from 1 to 6 horses

 click here! 












 thoroughbred horse racing home







    study course "selecting winning horses the las vegas way" (book







    format)-




































































      the complete course in
handicapping







    that was taught in our $395.00 seminars. only 
    $39.95







    click here! 















































































       total controlled investing - the mother load 

    - 

    



hit







  the mother load with a winning successful investment plan. 





    click here! 


























































  "30































    losing trends"  when is a horse more likely to lose in a































    race than win.   "30 losing trends" is the only source































    known to man that can save you thousands by keeping you from backing a horse































    that is more likely to lose


















    than to win. 



    click































    here! 





































testimonials - letters































    from winning players!































players! 

click































here!




 
other links















 







