








cair moving and storage | houston movers





















































skip to content 






 



search for:







search




menu

about us
inquire now
search 








cair moving and storage | houston movers

                  contact us
            	













6 small towns in the u.s. you should consider moving to 
12/08/202126/08/2021 by cairhous 








deciding where to put down your roots might be one of the most impactful choices you’ll ever make. pick wrong, and you’ll be isolated, bored, and unhappy. but with the right decision, your life can change for the better.


that said, living in a city is pretty exciting as there’s always something going on. although fun, this hectic and fast lifestyle is not for everyone. for some, a simple life is a real dream. that’s why others prefer small towns offering a more relaxed atmosphere, affordability, and tight-knit communities.


if you’ve decided to quit the big city chaos in search of a peaceful life, here are six small towns in the u.s to consider moving into.


1. st. agustine, florida


population: 14,280


often dubbed as the “nation’s oldest city,” st. augustine is famous for its old-world charm, rich history, live music, and architecture. from the iconic museums of castillo de san marcos to antique hotels and well-preserved ancestral homes, there’s no shortage of classic attractions in the city. you’ll be drawn to the active live music scene, with venues such as the amp and the colonial oaks serving as a gathering place for people who like to chill and vibe. 


although housing here can get a tad bit expensive, there are plenty of options depending on your needs and budget. regardless of where you live in the city, there’s no denying the beauty and 450-year history st. augustine holds. 


st. agustine, florida. photo courtesy of barbara ann spengler on flickr.


2. everett, washington


population: 112,249


everett is a thriving city located just 30 minutes from downtown seattle. it might not be your textbook small town but it’s just as homely. the place houses some of the most diverse neighborhoods in the pacific northwest. people from far and near are drawn to the city’s love for aviation, carrier opportunities, and friendly neighborhoods.


much of everett’s economy is ran by the aerospace industry, with the boeing employing a majority of its residents. on top of that, it is conveniently close to seattle, offering a sweet balance between big city fun and the small town feels.


another great thing about everett is the wide range of housing options to choose from. prices can get high, but it is still much better compared to seattle. while there are still many things to know about living in everett, wa, it’s undoubtedly a great place to call home.


everett, washington. photo courtesy of craig dietrich on flickr.


3. spearfish, south dakota


population: 11,934


nestled in the gorgeous black hills region, spearfish radiates pristine beauty. this humble town has numerous untouched gems, including northern hills’ iconic spearfish canyon. it is an excellent spot for outdoor enthusiasts who want to discover a diverse array of plant and animal life. with a thousand-foot canyon wall, it is an adventure to remember. exploring, swimming, biking, and rock climbing are just some of the activities you can enjoy here.


spearfish is also filled with students, thanks to the presence of black hills state university. on top of quality education, the institution also offers quality entertainment, from dazzling art shows to unique local performances. it might be a small town, but it certainly has the liveliness you’re looking for.


spearfish, south dakota. photo courtesy of usfws mountain-prairie on flickr.


4. traverse city, michigan


population: 15,902


picturesque freshwater beaches, rolling mountains, and stunning views of lake michigan make traverse city a place to die for. take a stroll on the sleeping bear dunes national lakeshore or splash around the grand traverse bay. it is blessed with benevolent seasons that complement the beaches during summer and then turn into a massive winter playground where you can enjoy various winter sports.


thanks to the great climate regulated by the lakes, traverse city brims with different crops, including grapes, hops, apples, veggies, and the nation’s sweetest cherries. this place is more than just a tourist attraction. with a lineup of excellent schools, a sustainable job market, and otherworldly natural beauty, you can’t go wrong with settling down here.


traverse city, michigan. photo courtesy of paul wilkinson on flickr.


5. joseph, oregon


population: 989


surrounded by the breathtaking wallowa mountain region, joseph is also known as the “little switzerland of america.” it may be remote, but it’s what makes it attractive. living here gives you access to spectacular geography that’s perfect for nature lovers and photographers alike.


this one-of-a-kind town boasts significant art and history, a cordial atmosphere, and of course, good food. enjoy various servings of local dishes that will surely rock your tongue with flavors you’ve never encountered before.


joseph, oregon. photo courtesy of nicolás boullosa on flickr.


6. los alamos, new mexico


population: 12,666


because of its remote terrain, los alamos was initially selected by the u.s. government for the manhattan project, where the first atomic bomb was made. by the end of world war ii, the los alamos national laboratory was born and drew engineering and scientific developments. the intensive solar and nuclear research attracted some of the best minds in the scientific community. although things have changed, the creativity and the locals’ love for science remains high. today, the los alamos public schools system is one of the top-performing school systems in the country.


residents can take 300 days of year-round sunshine to their advantage by exploring miles of trails connecting parks and neighborhoods. there’s also no shortage of shopping areas and restaurants for you to discover. with many amenities, los alamos ranks first as the best place to live in new mexico. 


los alamos, new mexico. photo courtesy of marcin wichary on flickr.


wrapping it up


there’s nothing quite like the charm and beauty small towns provide. living in one can change your life. with the places in mind, be inspired and take that leap. soon enough, you’ll be living in one of america’s gems.



categories moving to the u.s.tags everett washington, joseph oregon, los alamos new mexico, spearfish south dakota, st agustine florida, towns in the us, traverse city michigan, us townsleave a comment 







moving from one apartment to another? here is a checklist 
22/07/202129/07/2021 by cairhous 







almost everyone’s been there before. it’s a day filled with excitement but at the same time painted with a bit of dread and worry. yes, you’re finally moving out of your apartment! sure, it may seem like a colossal feat today, but you’re going to look back and be surprised at how easy it actually … read moremoving from one apartment to another? here is a checklist


categories movingtags moving from an apartment, moving from an old apartment, moving to a new apartment, moving to an apartment, new apartment, to and from apartmentleave a comment 







best kept moving tips in houston 
22/07/202122/07/2021 by cairhous 







houston, texas, is a beautiful city that has it all. it’s a place brimming with things to do and see, from the world’s largest medical center to some of america’s most diverse cultural communities. whether you’re moving here for work, business, or merely to retire, you won’t be disappointed with all the action that brews … read morebest kept moving tips in houston


categories movingtags houston moving, houston relocation, moving to houston, relocating to houston, transfering to houstonleave a comment 







how to hire movers 
15/07/202114/07/2021 by cairhous 








a move is a time of mixed emotions. whether you’re moving to a bigger space or leaving your old neighborhood behind, there will be plenty of ups and downs along the way. you might feel excited about starting afresh but also sad about saying goodbye to friends and communities you’ve learned to love over the years. the process might seem overwhelming, especially if it’s your first time. but take it easy! hiring movers is one way to make this transition easier. if you want to know how to enlist professional help properly, here’s the perfect guide just for you!


set a budget first


before you start looking for a moving company, make sure your budget is set. this way, you won’t be disappointed or even pressured if the price ends up being too high. once you’ve narrowed down your options, decide how you would like to negotiate the prices. bear in mind that you can most likely get a good bargain during winter and fall when there’s less demand for relocation.


determine your needs


the first step to this operation would be to do some research in determining your needs. start by knowing the size of your move. 



are you relocating a single-room apartment or a two-story home? 
will you let the movers do everything, or will you handle the packing?
do you own special items, such as a piano, antique mirrors, or treasured collections?
will you opt for moving and storage services or relocation packages alone?



you can either choose to opt for a full-service move or let the movers manage certain aspects of the transition. just keep in mind that the more services you require of them, the more you’ll have to pay.


ask for recommendation from people you know


it’s always a good idea to ask friends and colleagues for recommendations. ask them about their experience with a company in the past and how they would rate that particular business on different aspects like price or efficiency. people close to you will always be your best resource. not only do they share their experiences, but they can also provide you tips to make your move less stressful.


compare quotes 


never settle for one offer. it’s always best to have several options. to make sure you’re getting the right services for the right price, collect quotes from top local moving companies near your area. compare their track records, packages, and reviews to find the best one that meets your demands.


request an in-home estimate 


every company always has to provide an estimate for the services it offers. if you’ve found a company you like, don’t be shy to request an in-home estimate. this will prove your movers’ dedication and give you a peek at how professionally they handle the process. more importantly, insist on getting a binding estimate. it will oblige your movers to honor the price they name and help you avoid hidden costs.


avoid paying a hefty deposit


legitimate moving companies will never ask you to pay a large deposit. most of them deliver the job first before asking for payment. at the same time, stay wary of cheap companies that offer suspicious rates without upfront quotes. these are usually moving scam artists who will lowball you at the end with additional fees or take off with all your items as soon as they arrive on site.


check the insurance coverage


assurance is the main reason why you want to hire movers. that’s why it’s only logical that they provide the appropriate insurance coverage for your goods. before signing a contract, make sure to inquire about their liability and damage coverage. this will save you time, money, and hassle down the line. it is your money used to pay for the services, after all.


research is your friend!


wrapping up


hiring movers should be a pretty straightforward process. however, you still have to double-check to ensure you get your money’s worth or avoid getting scammed. remember, research is your friend!



categories movingtags hire movers, hiring movers, how to hire movers, movers for hire, movingleave a comment 







how to avoid getting stuck with a bogus moving bill 
15/07/202128/05/2021 by cairhous 







when you’re moving, the last thing you need is to get stuck with bogus bills. during the process, you’ll likely spend and invest a lot of money to safely transition your belongings. however, it is also crucial that you don’t fall victim to scams or overpriced services. don’t worry, though. here’s how you can keep … read morehow to avoid getting stuck with a bogus moving bill


categories movingtags bogus moving, bogus moving bills, moving bills, moving scam bills, moving scamsleave a comment 







search

search for:






recent posts


6 small towns in the u.s. you should consider moving to


moving from one apartment to another? here is a checklist


best kept moving tips in houston


how to hire movers


how to avoid getting stuck with a bogus moving bill


follow us



instagram





youtube





twitter





facebook-official




our sponsor

 








looking for something?

search for:




 


latest from the blog


6 small towns in the u.s. you should consider moving to


moving from one apartment to another? here is a checklist


best kept moving tips in houston


how to hire movers


how to avoid getting stuck with a bogus moving bill


 

follow us



instagram





youtube





twitter





facebook




 

our sponsor

 






© 2025 cair moving & storage • all rights reserved  • privacy policy





scroll back to top
 




















