













home - disneyland press room






































skip to content





 








media kits
releases
fact sheets
photos
videos
contact us
register for account



sites
corporatedisney experiencesdisney in floridadisneylandpresswalt disney worlddisneyland resortdisney signature experiencesdisney cruise linedisney sports 




sites

corporatedisney experiencesdisney in floridadisneyland
presswalt disney worlddisneyland resortdisney signature experiencesdisney cruise linedisney sports
 
























 











                                        disneyland resort press room                                    

                                        check out the latest news, information and media assets from the happiest place on earth                                    













                        latest news                    
















                                        media gallery                                    

                                        disney california adventure food & wine festival                                    

                                        the disney california adventure food & wine festival returns to disneyland resort feb. 28 through april 21, 2025, with a delectable variety of limited-time menu options.                                    
















                                media gallery                            

                                disney california adventure food & wine festival                            

                                the disney california adventure food & wine festival returns to disneyland resort feb. 28 through april 21, 2025, with a delectable variety of limited-time menu options.                            














                                    media kit                                

                                    season of the force                                 

                                    season of the force returns to disneyland resort, march 28 through jan. 17 through may 11, 2025, with a new projection show and the debut of a new character in star wars: galaxy’s edge.                                














                                    media gallery                                

                                    2025 event calendar                                

                                    disneyland resort has released the dates for seasonal festivals and celebrations in 2025!                                 















                                    media gallery                                

                                    new main street experiences to debut on july 17                                

                                    find out what is debuting at disneyland park                                













what’s happening at disneyland resort

















                                media kit                            

                                celebrate soulfully                             

                                february marks black history month. find out all about the celebrate soulfully limited-time and on-going offerings that celebrate black heritage and culture at disneyland resort                            


















                                press release                            

                                disneyland resort announces heroes ticket                            

in recognition of their contributions in battling the recent fires, disneyland resort invites eligible california firefighters and la-based law enforcement personnel to enjoy two complimentary one day park hopper tickets. 








 









                        disneyland resort 2025 limited-time events and 70th anniversary                    
















                                        press release                                    

                                        disneyland resort to ‘celebrate happy’ in 2025 with 70th anniversary                                    

                                        learn more about 2025 seasonal events and details on disneyland resort’s 70th celebration.                                    
















                                press release                            

                                disneyland resort to ‘celebrate happy’ in 2025 with 70th anniversary                            

                                learn more about 2025 seasonal events and details on disneyland resort’s 70th celebration.                            














                                    disney parks blog                                

                                    guide to the 70th anniversary at disneyland resort                                

                                    learn more about disneyland resort’s 70th celebration.                                














                                    media gallery                                

                                    disneyland resort 70th celebration media assets                                

                                    view assets of disneyland resort 70th celebration.                                














                                    media gallery                                

                                    disneyland resort 2025 limited-time events assets                                

                                    view assets of disneyland resort 2025 limited-time events.                                 













request access


register as a member of the press to gain access to high quality digital assets for editorial media use only. please note that your registration is subject to review and approval. please allow time for approval. thank you! if you are travel agent or travel agency looking for images to support your sales, please visit disneytravelagents.com. media images may not be used for travel agency sales. 
register                                    




















































disney parks blog
plandisney
disney store
careers
disney.com
 




                    © disney. all rights reserved.                


terms of use
privacy policy
do not sell or share my personal information
your us state privacy rights
children’s online privacy policy
disney.com guest services
 









