










home - alaska chamber






















































  




















skip to content












contact us  |  member login   |  member directory






















































































 
about us our vision and mission our history our board chamber staff past chairs irs form 990s contact usmembership membership application member benefits member endorsementadvocacy priorities & positions bills we’re tracking recent advocacy it’s your business campaign alaska business pac u.s. chamber of commerceevents events calendar national civics bee legislative fly-in community outreach trip alaska business summit policy forum premier business awardsmedia newsletters press coverage presentations reports & studies video galleryour state state government member jobs/careers moving to alaska working in alaska living in alaska operating a business in alaska tourism information














 














the voice of alaska business
the alaska chamber is dedicated to improving the business environment in alaska. the chamber represents hundreds of businesses from ketchikan to barrow that share a common goal to make alaska a viable and competitive place to do business.

















advocacy  
 
















join us 
 
















events 
 





























thank you to our lead underwriters
































































































































































next
previous



















 
 


 
our priorities and positions

read more ≫


 






























advocacy






the alaska chamber ensures the voice of alaska business is heard in juneau and washington dc. we stand behind strong, pro-business legislation and advocate for issues that affect you.
















                                priorities and postions                            














                                bills we're tracking                            














                                recent advocacy                            














                                alaska business report card                            














                                alaska business pac                            














                                u.s. chamber of commerce                            













learn more






















welcome new members 


view the member directory > 











business resources for coronavirus 
the alaska chamber is dedicated to helping ensure a positive business climate. as the coronavirus continues to spread and has reached the united states, it is important that alaska is prepared to handle the issue. click below for resources to help educate employers on the coronavirus:







view resources for employers > 











annual report






 
view our annual report > 











 

alaska chamber

 


















 












© 2025 alaska chamber
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













(907) 278-2722 














2550 denali street, suite 530anchorage, ak 99503 














info@alaskachamber.com 










stay connected!






































 © 

 alaska chamber.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top
















