

















































	
        
        city of belleville

















close alert banner











skip to content





a-z servicesaccessibilityemployment opportunitiesreport an issuecontact us




open search bar


our websitesglanmorerecreationlibraryarchives




i want to
















city of belleville















home and propertybuilding and renovationenvironment and sustainabilityfire and emergency servicesgarbage, recycling, and organicsheritage conservationliving herepets and animal controlproperty standards and by-law enforcementproperty taxesrates and feestrees and forestryutilitieswater and sewer servicesbelleville farmers marketview our belleville farmers market pagelearn and playbelleville farmers marketdowntown bellevilleeducationfacilities and rentalsfestivals and eventsfestival of lightshistorylibraryparks, trails and green spacespools and splash padsquinte sports and wellness centrerecreation programstourismwaterfrontcn yardmen monument tributespecial events application and planning guidewalk, ride and drive2024 comprehensive parking studyactive transportationconstruction projectsmapsparkingparks, trails and green spacesroads and sidewalkstraffictrail maptransitdo businessavailable land and buildingsbuilding permitsbusiness assistancebusiness directorybusiness licencescommunity profiledoctor recruitmentonline servicesplanning and developmentplans, studies and reportsproperty taxespurchasing serviceswork in bellevilleshort-term accommodationscity hallaccessibilityapplications, licences and permitsbelleville updates newsletterbudget and financial reportsby-laws and policiescao biographycity projectscommitteescommunity funding and grantscontact uscouncilcouncillorsdoctor recruitmentemployment opportunitiesfreedom of informationmayor's officemunicipal electionnewsonline servicesplans, studies and reportsproclamations and lightingpurchasing servicesreport an issueuser fees study

















search







agendas, minutes and live meeting videomunicipal electionpurchasing servicesonline servicesgis hubtransit










land acknowledgement
the city of belleville acknowledges we are meeting today on the territory of the huron-wendat, the anishinaabeg, and the haudenosaunee people. we recognize and honour the historic relationship of the indigenous peoples to this land, and acknowledge our shared obligation to respect, honour, and sustain these lands and the natural resources contained within.
we recognize all first nations, métis, and inuit who call belleville their home, and support the need for cultivating a strong relationship with them. we look forward fostering a path towards reconciliation and show respect for the indigenous peoples who first lived and currently live on the land where we now all reside together.







a great place to live
the city of belleville is located on the north shore of the bay of quinte. ideally situated between toronto and montreal, and less than one hour from the u.s. border, belleville truly is at the center of it all. approximately 55,000 people make belleville their home and over 200,000 live within 30 minutes of the city. belleville’s bustling city streets contrast the rolling rural landscapes that surround them.



libraryexplore belleville public library and gallerybelleville library and gallery are community meeting places that support and inspire lifelong learning, creativity, growth and success.historyvisit the belleville and hastings archiveswe preserve the history of our eastern ontario community through the records of local governments, individuals, families, businesses and organizations.tourismglanmore national historic sitevisit glanmore, a site of national historic significance proudly serving as belleville's community museum. discover restored rooms in this 1880's mansion as well as artifacts related to local history.recreationquinte sports and wellness centreall ages are welcome in the recreation facility where resources and our helpful staff are committed in providing quality services to help get you active.










what's new
view all news


loading news feed...








events
view all events



loading calendar feed...
















keep in touch
the city of belleville is committed to providing the community with information about local news and events. subscribe to our news portal or any of the social medial platforms below to receive the latest updates and notifications.




























website
copyright 2025 the corporation of the city of belleville

by ghd digital




resourcesa-z servicesaccessibilityfreedom of informationprivacy policyterms of usesitemapwebsite feedback





contact us
city hall 169 front street belleville, ontario k8n 2y8 phone: 613-968-6481 tty: 613-967-3768 contact us regular business hours monday to friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
 




stay connected



twitter



facebook



youtube



subscribe to emails




















close search pop up




search






i want to...
          
                close i want to menu
              apply and registerbid on a tenderbuilding permitsburn permitsemployment opportunitieslibrarymarriagesplanning applications and feesrenting a facilitypaydog tagsonline servicesparking ticketsproperty taxeswater and sewer servicesget involvedcouncil meeting calendarcity projectsreport an issuespeaking before council or committee




search

































close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.









