






cook shire council











































































































home
council

welcome to cook shire
your council

your councillors
organisational structure


council meetings

agendas and minutes


advisory committees
annual budgets
careers at council

job vacancies
professional roles
trade and labour roles
community roles
apprenticeships
graduate program
volunteering


community engagement

community scorecard 2023


council forms

animal management forms
biosecurity forms
community services forms
environmental health & local laws forms
finance & rates forms
land record search request forms
planning, building & plumbing forms
residential housing development incentive
roads & civil works forms
update my customer details forms
water & wastewater forms


governance

policies
complaints & requests
public interest disclosure
right to information
registers
budgets..
local laws
cook shire publications scheme


news & media

news
media releases
public notices


rates, fees and charges

revenue statements
payment methods
discounts, rebates & concessions
general rates & utility charges
rate adjustments or changes
fees and charges
rate & property search


reports and documents
report a problem
tenders and contracts
contact


live + work

animals & pets

impounded animals
before you buy a pet
responsible pet ownership
dog registration
microchipping
complaints – pet & animals
chickens & poultry
livestock management


cemeteries
cooktown botanic gardens
cooktown events centre

gym memberships
room and event bookings


cooktown swimming pool
community safety
cook shire libraries
disaster management
education
events

civic events and celebrations
events calendar
hosting an event
submit your event
venue hire


grants

radf


health & wellbeing
local laws
project updates

current major projects


reconciliation action plan

reconciliation artwork


report a problem
roads
senior accomodation
venues & facilities


enviro + waste

biosecurity

invasive plants
invasive animals


environmental health
sustainability
waste management
water and wastewater


plan + build

building, plumbing & pools
development applications
planning & development

town planning
fnqroc development manual
financial incentives
vegetation clearing
swimming pool compliance




do business

chamber of commerce
economic development plan
economic profile
tenders and contracts
tourism


contact












 











cook shire council
the heart of cape york peninsula



search for:










local councildisaster dashboard

cook shireroad conditions

what's on in cook shireevents calendar

working with councilcareer opportunities







stay updated
cook shire news





be informed: council to host community update ahead of 2025-26 budget considerations

19 feb 2025cook shire council is calling on residents to attend an important community update event where locals can gain insights into council’s financial position, ask questions about rates and services, and provide input on budget priorities for the year ahead. the event,...





supply and installation of sport lighting – t08624

19 feb 2025cook shire council invites tenders from suitably qualified tenderers for the supply and installation of sport lighting at the john street oval in cooktown. tender documentation may be downloaded here. tenders must be lodged here by no later than 2 pm on wednesday 12...





trade services rops – t08424

19 feb 2025cook shire council invites tenders from suitably qualified tenderers for selection as a pre-qualified supplier for trade services. tender documentation may be downloaded here.   tenders must be lodged here by no later than 2 pm on wednesday 12 march 2025. council...





council in action: animal management

18 feb 2025cook shire council has been working to improve animal management across the region, and while there’s still more to do, we’ve made some important progress. since july 2023, council has been actively supporting responsible pet ownership, improving services, and helping...



 
more news





get involved
upcoming events

5 feb @ 8:00 am - 21 feb @ 5:00 pmcolouring-in competition10 feb @ 9:00 am - 28 feb @ 5:00 pmhow do you library? survey19 feb @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pmstorytime

more events







commitment to community
cook shire services








animals & pets
pets and domestic animals can be much-loved members of your household but can also…







environment and health
environmental health encompasses all aspects of the built and natural environment that can impact human health…







council facilities
from workshops and classes, to private weddings and corporate functions.








cemeteries
for funeral planning information, please contact us. you can view a map of the cooktown cemetery here.






disaster management
queensland’s disaster management features groups at the state, district and local level.






waste management
kerbside refuse calendar, recycling tips, waster transfer stations and more.









biosecurity
biosecurity is a targeted effort to prevent, control and recover from the impacts of invasive plants and animals.
invasive plants
invasive animals







libraries
cook shire council have libraries in cooktown, bloomfield, lakeland, laura and coen.







local laws
local laws govern most of council’s roles and responsibilities including parking, animal control, overgrown allotments and illegal camping.








community safety
council is dedicated to creating a region that promotes community safety…







water
cook shire council owns and maintains a significant network of underground water and wastewater mains which…




do you have questions?contact cook shire council







stay connected
subscribe to our newsletter







































history. adventure. culture.
visit cooktown andcape york
www.cooktownandcapeyork.com/

cook shire is the largest land area shire in queensland. from the bloomfield river in the south to just north of the jardine river, it covers more than 100,000km2 and occupies 80 per cent of cape york peninsula.
cook shire is a vibrant area, from the main township of cooktown to smaller outlying communities rich in indigenous history, agriculture, tourism and arts.



 
















news & events
get connected
by continuing to use our website you accept the terms and conditions of use as they apply from time to time.

followfollowfollow

news

events




update
your details
by continuing to use our website you accept the terms and conditions of use as they apply from time to time.

payment details

rates information

customer details





quick links




council
services
health & wellbeing
do business
accessibility
privacy policy












contact us

address: 10 furneaux streetcooktown, qld 4895
post: po box 3 cooktown,qld 4895
email: mail@cook.qld.gov.au
phone: (07) 4082 0500(+617 4082 0500)
hours: 8.45am-4.45pmmonday to friday
abn: 45 425 085 688





cook shire
disclaimer
the information on this website is for information purposes only. by continuing to use our website you accept our privacy statement terms and conditions of use. the cook shire council is not responsible for any third party websites that are linked on this site.

read the privacy statement



cook shire
acknowledgement
cook shire council acknowledged the traditional owners of country throughout the shire and recognises their continuing connection to lands, water and community. we pay our respects to the many aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples across our vast shire and to elders and leaders past, present and emerging.
we also wish to advise aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples that this website may contain images or names of deceased persons.





web design by precedence



 






































