











home - safari club international foundation
















































































 














 



		skip to content








 





main menu
 


aboutmenu toggle

sci foundation news about usmenu toggle

directors and staff bylaws and policies fiscal statements careers scif canada 
 donation program optionsmenu toggle

society of the lion & shield first for wildlife endowment hunter legacy fund estate / planned giving 
 how to helpmenu toggle

where the money goes make your donation monthly giving program memorial and tribute gifts amazon smile create fundraiser on facebook donor spotlights 

programsmenu toggle

wildlife conservationmenu toggle

sci foundation research projects north america africa asia conservation videos science policy 
 educationmenu toggle

into the outdoors scif-sables education education scholarships she hunts skills camp 
 humanitarian servicesmenu toggle

safaricare bell family blue bags sensory safari hunting with veterans and military wounded personnel 
 sables
sweepstakes & eventsmenu toggle

monthly giving program previous winners beretta & sci foundation conservation leadership award and gala
accountcartestate / planned giving 
donatedonate 
 

 
 












wildlife conservation &outdoor education
worldwide programs that work

donate




wildlife conservation &outdoor education
worldwide programs that work

donate



wildlife conservation &outdoor education
worldwide programs that work

donate



wildlife conservation &outdoor education
worldwide programs that work

donate



donor driven research
safari club international foundation (scif) has a 20-year history of being a leader in science-based, research-driven solutions to real problems facing wildlife conservation and sustainable use of wildlife resources. we partner with leading wildlife researchers at places like the wyoming migration initiative at the university of wyoming, the center for global wildlife conservation at suny-esf, and the w.a. franke college of forestry and conservation at the university of montana, to bring the latest applied techniques to wildlife conservation issues. however, doing cutting-edge, impactful research requires resources.
although scif pursues a variety of opportunities to support our critical work, sci members and scif donors and supporters remain the core source of the funds that make this work possible. their passion for wildlife and for conservation expressed through their generosity provides the foundation upon which all of our efforts are built. contributions through the lion and shield society, the hunter legacy fund 100 endowment, and the first for wildlife endowment, as well as participation in sci foundation sweepstakes and the annual beretta gala, are all ways to support worldwide conservation and to show the dedication of sci’s 40,000 hunter-conservationists. 
your support is critical and we welcome you to explore and donate to these projects.

learn more about the scif leopard conservation strategy

learn more about the scif grizzly bear startegy

learn more about the scif chronic wasting disease strategy

scif dream hunts sweepstakes

sci foundation is dedicated to helping hunters make their dreams come true.  enter the scif dream hunts sweepstakes for your chance at winning $100,000 to go towards booking the dream hunts of your choice – any species, any place. 
learn more
mission programs

wildlife conservation
conservation efforts never cease, and through chapter projects, sci foundation grants and scholarships, and regional programs, members of safari club international put their time and resources to use to benefit wildlife populations around the world.  sci foundation ensures the best available science is used in wildlife policy and management and demonstrates the constructive role that hunting plays in the conservation of biodiversity worldwide.

learn more

education
education programs, sci foundation (scif) and sables work together to provide high quality conservation and outdoor education programs. they are committed to teaching educators, youth, wildlife professionals, federal/state elected officials, conservation ngo’s, first time hunters, and social influencers about the following:
wildlife diversity
north american model of wildlife conservation
the role that hunting plays in wildlifeconservation and management
the importance of hunting as a socially andculturally accepted activity in society
outdoor recreation

learn more

humanitarian services
humanitarian service programs are also a primary initiative of sci foundation.  the programs cover a wide perspective and cross the globe in outreach.  these programs include the safaricare bell family blue bag program, sportsmen against hunger, veterans, sensory safari and humanitarian service matching grants. at the core of these programs is delivering activities and services to those in need.

learn more

sci foundation news
 
spring 2025 conservation matching grants available to sci chapters



					february 18, 2025				


the sci foundation (scif) wants to help chapters expand our conservation impact through matching grants by providing up to $5,000 toward approved projects! the scif board recently approved the reinstatement…				

read more


 
sci foundation celebrates conservation at sci convention



					january 30, 2025				


last week, safari club international foundation (scif) participated in sci’s annual convention in nashville, tennessee, celebrating hunting and conservation. as a leader in wildlife conservation, scif’s presence at sci convention…				

read more


 
scif is headed to nashville



					january 15, 2025				


sci foundation (scif) is thrilled to participate in the upcoming sci convention in nashville. we invite attendees to visit scif’s booth #3301 and scif-sables education booth #3341 on the convention…				

read more


 
sci chapters using scif bell family blue bag program to help support their local communities



					december 18, 2024				


butler county, pa- the sci pittsburgh chapter is putting the scif bell family blue bag program to work right here at home in the united states this holiday season. the…				

read more


 
phasa honors scif’s dr. chris comer with wildlife utilization award



					december 18, 2024				


the professional hunters’ association of south africa (phasa) recently held its annual convention and agm award ceremony, celebrating outstanding contributions to wildlife conservation and management. among the highlights of the…				

read more


 
northern nevada chapter of sci makes an impact with mobile wildlife educational center



					december 17, 2024				


the northern nevada chapter of safari club international (sci) is proud to announce the success of its mobile wildlife educational center – sensory safari trailer, which showcases north american taxidermy,…				

read more


 
donor spotlight: bryan harlan



					november 25, 2024				


donors are the driving force behind our mission, enabling the sci foundation to launch vital wildlife conservation, education, and humanitarian initiatives. recently, we had the privilege of speaking with one…				

read more


 
record breaking attendance at the african wildlife consultative forum



					november 25, 2024				


sci foundation continues to raise the bar for sustainable use conservation in africa with record-breaking african wildlife consultative forum on november 1, the sci foundation concluded our 22nd annual african…				

read more


 
sci foundation supports veteran’s programs



					november 5, 2024				


to honor those who risk and give their lives for our freedoms has been a long standing sci foundation (scif) tradition. it is a way to show the foundation’s appreciation…				

read more


 
donor spotlight: garrett ham



					october 23, 2024				


development meet garrett ham, one of sci foundation’s champions and a valued donor whose support fuels our mission. as someone who has deeply benefited from hunting and fishing as a…				

read more


news archivelegacy ofimpact
help sci foundation continue it’s legacy of promoting wildlife conservation and outdoor education in your backyard and around the world.
donate today

30 

the number of countries in which sci foundation has funded conservation projects.
1.5 million pounds
the amount of venison donated through sci foundation’s sportsman against hunger program.
$80 million
the amount sci foundation has spent on conservation, wildlife, education, and humanitarian services since 2000.
60%

the percentage of sci foundation’s conservation work is done in north america.
80,000+ 
 

number of youth reached annually with a conservation message by graduates of the american wilderness leadership school.our supporters





















instagram
facebook
vimeo
amazon


donate


since 2000, sci foundation has provided more than $80 million to promote science-based conservation through wildlife research, capacity building in governments, youth and teacher education, and humanitarian programs that show the importance of the hunting community in society around the world. growth of sci foundation has continued to gain momentum through charitable donations from scif and sci members. throughout the world, sci’s approximately 50,000 members and 190 chapters contribute time, talent, and financial support to local, national, and international projects.
company
 about
 directors and staff
 careers
 contact
how to help
 make your donation
 monthly giving
 estate/planned giving
 amazonsmile
programs
 wildlife conservation
 outdoor education
 humanitarian services


654 richland hills, ste. 160 san antonio, tx 78245
520.620.1220
scifoundation@safariclub.org





 










			close			





 


 

















































