


















kansas city personal injury lawyer & mediator - kansas city ks personal injury attorney | dickson & pope, pa









































menu
skip to content
firm overview
attorney profile
practice areas
blog
contact


















913-387-5510kansas city













legal and mediation services
attorney judy pope has been providing legal services for more than 35 years.




personal injury and workers' compensation 
attorney judy a. pope has been advocating on behalf of injured workers and accident victims for more than 25 years.




personal injury
judy a. pope has represented hundreds of injured clients and has extensive experience in cases involving serious injuries and wrongful death.




motor vehicle accidents
finding the right attorney after a vehicle crash is critical. you can find the strong advocate you require at dickson & pope, p.a.




truck accidents
truck accident claims are complex. you need an experienced and knowledgeable attorney on your side. dickson & pope, p.a., can help.




workers' compensation
attorney judy a. pope has been advocating on behalf of injured workers for more than 25 years.










mediation services
personal injury

slip-and-falls/premises-liability


motor vehicle accidents

truck accidents
motorcycle accidents
car accidents
pedestrian and bicycles accidents


workers’ compensation

construction accidents


serious injuries and wrongful death
 








attorney judy a. pope







contact us

kansas city

 phone: 913-387-5510
    
     fax: 913-387-5511
    



office address:

8820 monrovia, unit #15447
lenexa, ks 66215
				








kansas city personal injury lawyer & mediator


personal injury and workers’ compensation claims
if you have been injured in an accident or on the job, the attorney you choose is important. you need an attorney with the experience to vigorously protect your rights and the dedication to give your legal matter the time and attention it requires.
you can find the quality legal representation you require at dickson & pope, p.a. attorney judy a. pope represents clients throughout kansas in a wide range of accident injury claims, including:

mediation services
motor vehicle accidents
workers’ compensation claims
construction accidents
slip-and-falls/premises liability
dog bite attacks
boat accidents
other negligence claims
medical malpractice claims

ms. pope also serves clients in other select practice areas, including contract and insurance law, professional licensing, employment discrimination, health care law, labor law and arbitration, legislation and lobbying, litigation and appeals.

free consultation | contingency fee
for assistance with your legal needs, contact dickson & pope, p.a., in kansas city area. attorney judy a. pope offers a free consultation. all personal injury, workers’ compensation and employment discrimination cases are handled on a contingency fee basis. you pay no fees to the firm unless ms. pope recovers compensation for you.
put an experienced attorney on your side
judy a. pope has been representing clients in personal injury and workers’ compensation claims for more than 30+ years. she has represented clients who have sustained a wide range of injuries, including back and neck injuries, broken bones, spinal cord injuries, loss of limb, brain injuries and other serious injuries. ms. pope has also advocated on behalf of many family members in wrongful death claims.
committed to your recovery
if you have been injured in an accident or on the job, you may be dealing with medical bills you are unable to pay. your ability to work may have been temporarily or permanently impaired. you may be dealing with significant medical, financial and personal challenges that seem overwhelming.
judy a. pope is here to help. she is committed to helping people get their lives back on track after they have sustained serious injuries. ms. pope wants to help you move forward with your life in the most positive and constructive way.
seeking full and fair compensation
judy a. pope is committed to your recovery. she vigorously pursues full and fair compensation on behalf of accident victims for medical expenses, pain and suffering, lost wages, and other injuries and losses. for injured workers, ms. pope aggressively pursues the full benefits they are entitled to receive. as a client of dickson & pope, p.a., you will have a strong advocate on your side.
contact a workers’ compensation and personal injury lawyer
dickson & pope, p.a., represents clients throughout kansas in personal injury and workers’ compensation claims. to schedule a free consultation with kansas city personal injury attorney judy a. pope, call 913-387-5510.
* use of this website does not create an attorney-client relationship. the information on this site is not legal advice.









free consultation

for a free consultation 
please call the firm at:

kansas city
(913) 387-5510 



publications & presentations
know your rights
in an effort to assist persons who have been injured, ms. pope has authored two booklets; one is titled kansas no-fault insurance and the other is titled kansas workers’ compensation. if you would like to have a copy of either of these booklets, please contact dickson & pope, p.a., and a copy will be sent to you free of charge.



search for:



categories

accidents

construction workers' accidents

industrial workers' accidents

workers' compensation

workplace accidents

workplace injuries




recent posts


auto injury claims


persons covered by kansas p.i.p.  benefits


p.i.p. – squeaking out the details of the kansas automobile injury reparations act


automobile injuries: who should get the medical bill?


kansas no fault automobile insurance benefits


archives

june 2016
may 2016
july 2014
april 2014
march 2014
february 2014
january 2014
december 2013
november 2013
october 2013
september 2013
august 2013
july 2013

 











dickson & pope, p.a., serves clients throughout kansas, including johnson county, wyandotte county, shawnee county, leavenworth county, douglas county, jefferson county, sedgwick county, lyon county, franklin county, saline county, kansas city, topeka, wichita, emporia, olathe, leawood, overland park, lawrence, leavenworth, lenexa, shawnee, gardner, bonner springs and eudora.


© 2025 by dickson & pope, p.a., law offices. all rights reserved. disclaimer | privacy policy  |   










913-387-5510kansas city













