











fpsa

























































































































 





















the trade association leading innovation in food production.‬

member login    become a member                  
























about fpsa

mission 
board of directors 
councils

bakery 
beverage 
dairy 
meat 
pet food 
prepared foods 


networks

food safety 
packaging 
technology 
women’s alliance 
young professionals 
design-build network 
join a network 


the foundation 
year in review 
contact us 


membership

membership overview

member only benefits

market research

global trend report 
itr economics newsletter 


exclusive cost savings programs 


supplier membership 
associate membership 


meet the member 
join fpsa now 
current members

member log-in 


member directory 


career & scholarships

fit program 
scholarships

career development scholarship 
misa scholarship program 
imbordino dairy science 




professional development

workforge 
fit program 
webinars 


resources

news

submit news 


fpsa news brief 
network connections 
president’s message 
buyers guide 
itr economics newsletter 
global trend & forecast report 
sales contract resource guide 
webinars 


events

event calendar 
food solutions exchange & conference (fsx) 2025 
equipment, automation & technology show (eats) 2025 


initiatives

philanthropy

defeat hunger 
councils philanthropy 
pack it 


honors & awards

red circle honors 


scholarships

career development scholarship 
misa 
imbordino dairy science 


























register now! 
							 



 


 


career development 
							scholarships 
							continuing to evolve into an exciting new pathwaythat will help us achieve our goals of building aqualified workforce for our companies. 
							
learn more 
							
 



the fit certification 
							the new credential for the food and beverage industry. 
							
learn more 
							 









 food production solutions associationthe food production solutions association provides networking, marketing and educational opportunities to the food processing and packaging industry. we assure the future of the industry through charitable contributions and educational scholarships.         
become a member view benefits

 fpsa eventsfall operations series
learn moremore fpsa events
 featured video
 








prev
1 of 11
next










fpsa meet the member: who is dynamic conveyor as a company?










meet the member: what does harpak-ulma's future look like? (with jay siers)










meet the member: what does harpak-ulma's future look like? (with john weddleton)










meet the member: how harpak-ulma helps its customers succeed  (with jay siers)





prev
1 of 11
next




 latest newswixon identifies 2025 macro flavor trends  february 13, 2025sf&wb staff | original post
the predictions range from creative combinations to luxurious pairings.

wixon has revealed three ...keep readingcareer development scholarship  january 30, 2025the career development scholarship application period is now open!
ten scholarships in the amounts of $10,000 ...keep readingchris lyons named new president & ceo of fpsa  january 27, 2025


contact:
allison wachter
vice president of engagement and business development
food production solutions association (fpsa)
703.761.2600 | info@fpsa.org
for immediate ...keep reading
view all news latest resourcestrend study
in-depth industry study.

itr economics newsletter
the best economic intelligence to reduce risk and drive practical and profitable business decisions.

sales contract resource guide
templates with generic language typical of sales contracts.

buyer's guide
search through thousands of food processing suppliers.

view more resources

 member spotlight




 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 





questions? we're here to help.


© 2020 fpsa. all rights reserved.
privacy policy
food production solutions association
1451 dolley madison blvd., suite 101
mclean, va 22101-3850
google maps
703.761.2600
info@fpsa.org


optimize business results and gain a competitive edge with fpsa’s
networking, marketing and educational opportunities.
become a member view benefits

buyers guide
find your partner today

search through thousands of food processing suppliers.

© 2024 fpsa, all rights reservedpowered by oceans solutions
 




















this website uses cookies for personalization, website traffic analysis, and functionality. for more detailed information on use of your personal data and your choices, please review our privacy policy. acceptprivacy policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 
 

































