




data entry company

































home
about us
services




data entry services
data entry
online data entry 
offline data entry 
ebook conversion services
directory services
book data entry services
image data entry services
insurance claim form entry




data processing services
data processing
forms processing
transaction processing services
image processing
data deduplication services
ocr cleanup
survey processing
data mining
data cleansing




data conversion services
data conversion
document conversion
xml/sgml conversions
html conversion
cad conversion




image scanning and indexing services
ocr / icr services
data capture
ebook conversion services





case studies




double keying
form processing servives
ocr / icr cleanup
library cataloging support
ebook conversion services





testimonials
feedback
policies




data security
privacy policy





blog
contact























need help? quick contact





checkout our services





join us at facebook





data entry company
cyberdata india is a full service information management company, established in 1996, offering a unique solution to each of our customer's needs, allowing us to enjoy lasting relationships with both government and private companies. we consult with each of our customer's prior to project inception in order to provide them with a cost effective strategy. having been in the india data entry business since fifteen years does give us an edge over others.
 
partnering with our expertise in information management will allow you to concentrate on your core business, eliminate processing overheads and provide your company with results from a proven document processing company.

we have successfully served a long list of clients, helping them scan, key, ocr and tag content from a variety of source formats and languages. our trained support staff provide quick and accurate data to our clients.
	
 we follow a "double entry" process for data entry and our quality check processes are iso 9001: 2008 certified.

 edatashop has been setup to provide online dependable, high quality effective data entry and data conversion services by cyberdata india.

as part of our corporate social responsibilty we have partnered with several non-profit organizations like digital divide data and source for change etc. helping them create jobs for the under privileged. we constantly mentor new non-profits in the bpo sector, sharing our knowledge, skills and experience. we provide training and employment to women who are from the poorer sections of society, physically challenged or with low skill sets thus empowering them to lead a better life.

edatashop subscribes to and supports the policies of arma international.



our services
look at some of the recent services we have completed for our valuble





data entry services
edatashop provides high quality (iso 9001: 2008 certified), time-bound and cost-effective data entry, data processing, data conversion...
read more



data processing services
india is one of the top outsourcing destinations today. data processing in india is one of the faster growing segments and the sheer...
read more



data conversion services
data conversion services is the conversion of data formats, organize content to create electronic documents, populate databases...
read more



image scanning & indexing services
ocr or optical character recognition is in use by most organizations across the globe as it is a fairly automated process for conversion...
read more



online data entry
edatashop, a data entry company based in new delhi, india, provides excellent support services for online data entry and related works...
read more



offline data entry
whether it's online or offline data entry service, outsourcing is being followed by most companies globally. by outsourcing online...
read more








client testimonials


first of all i would like to thank your team for the high standard of digitisation and markup applied to the statutes of the realm. please let me know if you have any difficulty in obtaining payment of your invoices by the university.
read more


i am very pleased with the results for henry iv, apart from a few pages in latin which are missing, because, i suspect, i never sent them to you. i will be sending these pages shortly, along with the statutes of henry v. please could you return the missing pages to me as a separate file before embarking upon henry v....
read more


i have now finished reviewing the statutes of richard ii. i am pleased to say that most of the text i have received is of very good quality, and in particular, the representation of the contracted characters conforms well to the specification....
read more


first of all, may i assure you that we are very pleased with the quality of work we have received from you recently....
read more


i have examined holkham bible, which has been digitised to a good standard, according to the instructions. the instructions for the footnotes were not appropriate for the text as the editor has deviated from the standard format. this is our problem and not yours....
read more






our clients







































address

                    	cyberdata india
                    	sanchi building, 2nd floor
                        77, nehru place
                        new delhi - 110019, india
info@edatashop.com
                        +91 11 2628 7210
                    









our company

about us

terms & conditions
privacy policy
case studies
sitemap







iso 9001:2015 certified



iso 27001:2013 certified













© 2014  edatashop.com. all rights reserved. 









