














the huguenot society of america – established 1883



























skip to main content



skip to content






the huguenot society of america








the huguenot society of america









membership 

dues and events fees
regular memberships
society associates


payments
history 

mission
huguenot history
society history
ancestors


programs 

library
scholarships
grants
bulletins
links


merchandise
facebook
events
gallery










search 








search our site

×





search










close










 






the huguenot society of america was founded in 1883 to perpetuate the memory of the huguenot settlers in america, to commemorate the principal events in the history of the huguenots, and to promote the cause of religious freedom.
 















 
                gaspard de coligny (1519–1572)              





who were the huguenots?

huguenots were french protestants who were active in the 16th and 17th centuries. forced to flee france due to religious and political persecution by the catholic church and the crown, many settled in what is now the united states of america.
learn more












 






become a member

anyone who is a descendent of a qualified huguenot ancestor can join the huguenot society of america. members enjoy many benefits, including lectures on huguenot- and society-related themes; an autumn cocktail reception at the society’s office/library; invitations to the annual meeting and annual reception; periodic publications; and the opportunity to connect with other huguenot descendants around the country.
join now















 



events
the huguenot society hosts lectures, receptions, and other special events throughout the year.



learn more







 



scholarships




college students with huguenot ancestry are eligible to apply for the marie l. rose huguenot scholarship through participating schools.







learn more







 



blog
connect with history and stay updated with the society by visiting our blog.



read now












the huguenot society of america is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
we rely on our membership for the successful running of the society, including supporting our grant and scholarship programs, maintaining our library of rare books and archives, and our operational needs. all donations are welcome.

                    donate now
                  

















 20 west 44th street
suite #510
new york, new york 10036
phone: (212) 755-0592
email: hugsoc@verizon.net

society history
ancestors
library
scholarships
grants
facebook
contact
join
newsletters
payments






	© 2018-2025 the huguenot society of america






















