

pcis web - login.html












 

 

 

 





















































 










© 
copyright 2006 city of los angeles.  all rights reserved.




















welcome to the ladbs e-permit system






    
                ***important changes to the e-permit system*** 




the following services are now only accessible in our new e-permit system known as permitla:
    			



     1.    			
                obtain one or more express permits including temporary special event permits.



     2.
    			calculate the fees for an express permit.



     3.
    			check the status of an existing e-permit payment.




    			to use any of the above services, please click 
    			permitla.
    			




    			e-permit is a simple, hassle free way to obtain permits that do not require plan check (express permits) via the 
                internet. e-permit can also be used to determine the cost of an express permit. click  
                here
                for a list of express permits.
                




please note: all contractors must complete a subcontractor form providing information on any subcontractors used 
                on the project. this form must be returned to the office of finance. please click 
                here
                for more information.
                




click "continue" at the bottom of this page to use any of the following services:




     1.
    			request an inspection (for any permit).



     2.
    			online payment (ex: extra trips, off-hour inspections).



     3.
    			update registration information (for e-permit system only).



     4.
    			building and safety internal login.






you will need:



*

                        internet explorer 8, 9 and 10.
    			if you wish to install either one, click on the appropriate logo located in the left column.



*

    			adobe acrobat reader. click here
    			to get a free copy of adobe acrobat reader.



*

a valid credit card (visa, mc, american express) in order to pay for your permit(s).





























