








corra daily planet - background screening news and commentary




























 


skip to the content






 
search



corra daily planetbackground screening news and commentary




 
menu






about corra daily planet
contact
main page
create business account






 search












			search for:		






					close search				
 









close menu
 


about corra daily planet
contact
main page
create business account














					categories				

2025 trends applicant tracking system articles background checks candidate experience criminal records drug screening economy human resources motor vehicle records news preemployment screening press releases recruiting remote work retaining employees social media workforce trends 

start the new year right: corra group highlights the importance of background checks as businesses start the new year strong





								post author							
 

							by manoly gustavson 




								post date							
 

january 31, 2025









background checks are essential for organizations seeking to build trusted teams and create safe work environments.
el segundo, calif., jan. 15, 2025 /prnewswire/ — the start of the new year is peak season for hiring, and businesses are gearing up to tackle early-year demands for a thriving 2025. corra group, a nationwide provider of background checks and drug testing, highlights the critical role of background screening at the start of the new year.
“january and february are typically active months for hiring, as companies bring on new employees to drive business growth and address early-year needs,” said nick gustavson, corra group cofounder. “background checks not only protect a company’s reputation and provide a safe work environment, but also foster a culture of safety, compliance, and reliability for teams and customers.”
according to the u.s. bureau of labor, the u.s. economy added over 350,000 jobs last january, significantly surpassing forecasts. failing to perform comprehensive background checks can lead to increased risk and turnover, costing companies time and resources. corra group’s streamlined background check services help companies hire with confidence, starting the year with safe, dependable, and qualified teams.
background checks are especially important for new year hiring, particularly after the holiday season. it is easy to move too quickly as the new year ramps up, and the post-holiday season is a great opportunity for employers to utilize background checks to reduce turnover costs, transition temporary holiday hires into permanent roles, and stay safe while expanding.
“january also typically brings the launch of hiring initiatives, restructuring, and expansion,” adds gustavson. “this results in increased hiring and a need for integrity, professionalism, culture fit, and alignment with company values in new or expanded roles.”
2025 is also seeing many companies implementing stricter full-time return to office (rto) mandates, a trend already underway at major organizations like amazon, jpmorgan, disney, google, boeing, and apple. with employees transitioning from remote work to working full-time side by side in physical office spaces, businesses need to prioritize safety, trust, and a secure work environment. corra group offers a number of background check services including criminal checks, nationwide registered sex offender search, drug testing & alcohol screening, motor vehicle records, employment verification and social media background screening.
“we hope everyone starts the new year right,” said gustavson. “stay safe and compliant, and we wish everyone a happy new year!”
about corra group:
corra group is a full-service background screening company that provides background checks and employment screening to clients throughout the united states and around the world. with over 20 years of experience, corra group’s goal is to help clients make informed decisions and provide a first-class candidate experience during the hiring process. it is also one of the few companies that will answer the phone. corra group is headquartered in el segundo, california. to learn more, visit corragroup.com
source corra group








								tags							
 

background checks, county criminal records, criminal records search, economy, employment practices, employment screening, human resources, motor vehicle records, pre-employment screening 











					categories				

applicant tracking system articles background checks candidate experience drug screening holiday hiring human resources motor vehicle records news preemployment screening press releases recruiting retaining employees staffing workforce trends 

corra group offers essential background checks for safe, reliable seasonal hiring during upcoming holiday rush





								post author							
 

							by manoly gustavson 




								post date							
 

january 31, 2025









with retail, hospitality, and logistics sectors onboarding in full force, corra group, a leader in background investigations and pre-employment screening solutions, highlights the critical role of background checks in mitigating risks during the holiday season.
el segundo, calif., nov. 7, 2024 /prnewswire-prweb/ — as the holiday season approaches, businesses nationwide are gearing up for the festive rush and are hiring seasonal staff to meet increased demand.
“seasonal hiring is essential to handling the temporary holiday demand, but it comes with unique challenges,” says nick gustavson, cofounder and president of corra group. “hiring quickly for a high volume of seasonal roles can lead to oversights. background checks help employers avoid costly mistakes, reduce the likelihood of theft, and ensure a safer workplace for both staff and customers.”
according to jack l. hayes international, inc.’s 35th annual retail theft survey, employee theft remains a significant concern during the holiday period, with nearly 45,000 dishonest employees apprehended and over $50 million recovered from incidents in 2022 alone. corra group’s background check solutions are indispensable tools for businesses aiming to protect their assets, reputation, and overall customer experience.
corra group offers easy to order background check packages tailored to the seasonal hiring landscape, including criminal checks, nationwide registered sex offender search, drug testing & alcohol screening, motor vehicle records, and employment verification.
“from delivery drivers and retail associates to holiday event staff and even seasonal roles in entertainment – businesses everywhere are hiring to keep up with the festive rush,” says iqubed advisors‘ bianca lager, who has served as an industry leader with nearly 20 years in the background screening space. “running background checks on these temporary hires isn’t just about security; it’s about creating a smooth, worry-free experience for customers, families and teams alike.”
the professional background screening association (pbsa) also advises companies engage professional screening services like corra group during seasonal hiring to mitigate potential risks. professional background checks can help protect employers from hiring missteps.
“with crowded stores and venues, security risks are heightened during the holiday rush,” adds gustavson. “corra group provides employers with peace of mind that even during peak hiring times, they’re making responsible hiring decisions that prioritize safety and operational integrity.”
about corra group:corra group is a full-service background screening company that provides background checks and employment screening to clients throughout the united states and around the world. with over 20 years of experience, corra group’s goal is to help clients make informed decisions and provide a first-class candidate experience during the hiring process. it is also one of the few companies that will answer the phone. corra group is headquartered in el segundo, california. to learn more, visit corragroup.com.
media contact
manoly chareunsy, corra group, (310) 524-9800, manolyg@corragroup.com, https://www.corragroup.com/
twitter facebook
source corra group








								tags							
 

background checks, criminal records search, employment screening, human resources, pre-employment screening 











					categories				

applicant tracking system background checks department of transportation dot drug screening motor vehicle records preemployment screening staffing transportation trucking trucking 

corra group showcases booth and background check solutions at the california trucking show





								post author							
 

							by manoly gustavson 




								post date							
 

october 8, 2024








we also got to educate everyone on our full suite of background check solutions tailored for commercial drivers and fleet management…complete with a fun activity titled “what’s the weirdest thing you’ve hauled?” see below for some of the weirdest answers!











from our cofounder and ceo, nick gustavson:
i hope everyone returned home safely after an incredible weekend at the california trucking show! i loved connecting with each of you and hearing about the weirdest loads you’ve hauled. you shared unforgettable stories of transporting…

live ostriches
cryogenically frozen human cadavers
nasa international space station parts
explosives
fertilized embryos
war missiles
equipment for rock bands and music festivals
aircraft carrier parts
a human heart
presidential rally equipment
live facebook server
animal and human waste
$$$$$ (250,000 coins!)

zoom in on the picture above to see all of the answers! it was a memorable time and proof that you are essential to our nation’s supply chain.
as the owner of corra group, i’m proud that we are one of the few local los angeles-based companies that offers background checks to owner-operators, small companies and fleets. i spoke with hundreds of you about our background check services including criminal checks, motor vehicle records, psp driver safety reports, drug testing & alcohol screening, cdlis (commercial driver’s license information system) reports, employment verification for dot compliance, and more. best of all, corra group does not charge you sign-up fees or monthly subscriptions. pay only for the background checks you order.
if you are ready to start ordering background checks, creating an account is easy. simply go to corragroup.com and open an account. give us a call at (310) 524-9800 if you want to chat. unlike the other guys, we answer the phone!
you can also reach out to me directly at 310-524-9800 x 201 or nickg@corragroup.com if you have any questions or would like to chat.
i hope to see all of you again next year!
nick











					categories				

applicant tracking system background checks criminal records department of transportation dot drug screening motor vehicle records preemployment screening press releases staffing transportation trucking trucking 

corra group helps keep trucks rolling and drivers qualified with its innovative background screening platform





								post author							
 

							by manoly gustavson 




								post date							
 

october 8, 2024








corra group provides background checks for trucking and transportation companies, who are an essential part of our national supply chain.
trucking and transportation companies stay dot and fcra compliant by making data-driven decisions using corra group’s fast, in-depth reports
el segundo, calif., sept. 30, 2024 /prnewswire-prweb/ — corra group, a leading provider of background screening services, continues to expand its offerings in the transportation and logistics industry by delivering a full suite of background check solutions tailored for commercial drivers and fleet management. with specialized services, corra group ensures companies can hire qualified drivers, meet department of transportation (dot) requirements, and maintain the highest standards of road safety.
“we are one of the few background check companies that offer driving records in all 50 states, puerto rico, and canada,” said nick gustavson, cofounder of corra group. “with the high demands and strict compliance requirements in the transportation sector, fleet managers and logistics companies need reliable, accurate information when making hiring decisions.”
corra group’s solutions include criminal checks, motor vehicle records, psp driver safety reports, drug testing & alcohol screening, cdlis (commercial driver’s license information system) reports, and employment verification for dot compliance. transportation companies of all sizes are supported, from small trucking operations to large logistics enterprises. corra group’s easy-to-use online platform allows clients to order, monitor, and manage background checks efficiently, ensuring swift turnaround times and seamless integration with their hiring processes.
an exciting feature designed to assist clients with dot compliance needs are batch files for annual motor vehicle driving records requirements. corra group offers batch file uploads, with driving records returning in less than 48 hours. clients also have the option of ordering mvrs individually.
“it is essential that trucking and transportation companies meet all department of transportation compliance mandates,” added gustavson. “this standard is vital at a time when there is a driver shortage, and trucking groups are struggling to find new drivers and to keep their current fleet compliant and on the road.”
while some services are necessary for dot compliance, corra group provides a number of elective background check services. clients can also create custom background check packages based on their own unique needs.
as the trucking and transportation industry continues to evolve, corra group remains committed to offering the latest in screening technologies and compliance solutions, helping clients stay ahead in a competitive and heavily regulated market.
for more information about corra group, visit https://www.corragroup.com.
about corra group:corra group is a full-service background screening company that provides background checks and employment screening to clients throughout the united states and around the world. with over 20 years of experience, corra group’s goal is to help clients make informed decisions and provide a first-class candidate experience during the hiring process. it is also one of the few companies that will answer the phone. corra group is headquartered in el segundo, california. to learn more, visit corragroup.com.
media contact
manoly chareunsy, corra group, (310) 524-9800, manolyg@corragroup.com, https://www.corragroup.com/








posts pagination
← newer posts1
2
…
448
older posts →






©
							2025							corra daily planet



								powered by wordpress							




							to the top ↑ 

							up ↑ 






