

west german pottery and more at gin-for's odditiques













close menu

gin-for'sodditiques


home
west and east german pottery (page one)
other pottery and porcelain
glass
paintings and prints
w. and e. german pottery marks
our ebay seller list
links to other sites
drop us a line




☰
gin-for's odditiques







gin-for's odditiques
pardon the glitches.  i'm doing major revisions on the site but also dealing with cats and my own fun with doctors.  corrections and great items coming...soon as i can.
looking for east or west german pottery?  we’ve got that and more, but at gin-for’s odditiques, you won’t find just the usual subjects.  we specialize in above average, harder to find items from bay keramik, carstens, ceramano, dümler & breiden, gramann römhild, otto keramik, ruscha, scheurich, silberdistel, along with many others, fat lava glazes or not.






 
















×







buying, paying, and such things

gin-for's odditiques is the short version of ginny and forrest's oddities and antiques. (i've always been odd and am starting to feel antique.)
you may notice that we don't have a checkout where you can just click for your goodies without so much as saying hello. well, we want people to say hello, ask questions, even hope for a better deal. we especially want to be able to figure the best shipping we can rather than depending on a program to do that.long ago, i told stories for 7 hours (free refills on coffee), so impersonal, automated pseudo-service just isn't my style. maybe you've noticed. click on one of the "e-mail" buttons that should show on every page. i can't handle as much coffee as i used to, so the stories will be fewer, unless we start talking about cats.
these days, paypal is about the easiest payment method around, but we still take checks, even cash. no monopoly money, nothing printed up in your basement, no chickens, etc., but otherwise we're fairly flexible. if we can put it in the bank without anyone getting in a tizzy, we'll probably take it.
please take time to stroll through the site. sorry we can't offer you a cup of coffee or tea while you're looking, but maybe you can take care of that yourself. just don't spill it on the keyboard. please, no spit takes if one of my puns hits the spot. (of course, i want to hear about it if it happens.)
hope you'll enjoy our "sing the body eclectic" approach (with apologies to walt whitman). as always, proceeds go to support our creditors, my spouse, our cats, my auction addiction, and the plumbing project that never ends.
    




powered by w3.css



