



home - northeast regional center for rural development













































skip to main content




northeast regional center for rural development

 


connect 
follow 
subscribe 

 




 menu 
home
our work

economic development, resilience, and innovation
tourism and outdoor recreation
food systems, nutrition security, and agriculture
capacity building and facilitation
completed projects
impact stories


about nercrd

mission and vision
people
our partners
history


news and events
publications
data resources
search
  






linking research and outreach in support of rural vitality







established by the rural development act of 1972, the nation’s four regional rural development centers work in partnership with the land-grant university system to address crucial needs in our nation’s rural communities. the northeast regional center for rural development (nercrd) at penn state serves the 12-state region from maine to west virginia and the district of columbia.




our work



  
            economic development, resilience, and innovation          
nercrd is pursuing several lines of inquiry related to economic resilience and innovation, with a current emphasis on identifying pathways for rural recovery from the effects of the covid-19 pandemic.



  
            tourism and outdoor recreation          
recognizing that tourism, including agritourism, is an important economic development strategy for rural communities, nercrd’s research and outreach in this area are aimed at helping communities identify and leverage their tourism and outdoor recreation assets. 



  
            food systems, nutrition security, and agriculture          
nercrd’s work in this area helps communities understand the impacts of local and regional food systems and how to best capitalize on their potential benefits.



  
            capacity building and facilitation          
nercrd serves as a regional hub for our land-grant university (lgu) partners, linking research and extension faculty across state lines. by facilitating collaborative networks and partnerships, we enhance the capacity of the lgu system, so that its people can work more effectively to foster regional prosperity and rural development.



 






recent news
 

 
 

upcoming event 
      land use webinar series kicks off with “motivating and engaging volunteers in local governance”    
february 18, 2025 the first webinar in the land use webinar series is taking place on february 19th at 12:00 p.m. et. the series is organized by penn state extension in partnership with the pennsylvania chapter of the american planning association (pa-apa) and the northeast regional center for rural development, and includes five monthly webinars on various land-use topics. 




 
 


      adapting to the digital age: insights from a national participatory research project    
january 27, 2025 researchers from the nation’s four regional rural development centers (rrdcs) who adapted traditional community-engaged research approaches for an entirely virtual setting have shared their key takeaways and lessons learned in a paper published in community development, a peer-reviewed journal of the community development society. the methods they developed can be used by practitioners and researchers […]




 
 


      happy holidays from nercrd    
december 18, 2024 as 2024 winds down, we at the northeast regional center for rural development are reflecting — with gratitude — on the people and partnerships that make our work possible. whether you are a long-time collaborator or are just getting to know us, thank you for connecting with nercrd! the nercrd will be closed for a holiday break from december 24, 2024 through january 1, 2025. we wish you a joyous and peaceful holiday season!



more news »






the northeast regional center for rural development

the pennsylvania state university
          207a armsby building
          university park, pa 16802-5602 


phone: 814-863-7684
		e-mail: nercrd@psu.edu


 subscribe to our newsletter
 connect with us on linkedin
 follow us on x


 






privacy
           
          non-discrimination
equal opportunity
accessibility
copyright

©2025 the pennsylvania state university 

 





