




homeopathic healing | homeopathic clinic | best homeopathic doctors









 
 








   






toggle navigation








home

homeopathy

what is homeopathy?
is homeopathy scientific?
is homeopathy holistic?
any side-effects? 
homeopathy & “con-med”
can i treat myself?
diabetes & homeopathy
homeopathy for pets?


case studies
blog

about us

about us 
testimonials



consult us

why homeopathy?  
what homeopathy heals? 
consultation
contact us  













































                    homeopathy is the safe, gentle, holistic alternative treatment for current and chronic health related ailments.
                    it assits the natural tendency of the human body to heal itself.
                

 chronic health conditions
 women's health 
 children's health 
 colic, colds, fever, tonsil 

   keep reading








"internationally renowned teachers of homeopathy and experienced in healing thousands of people globally for over 37 years."



 daxa & vijay
                vaishnav bring a rich experience of healing thousands of people globally for over 37 years. they are both homeopathy m.d.'s (from india) and certified classical homeopaths (usa) and also internationally renowned teachers of homeopathy, who have taught in india, austria, the united kingdom and the united states.
                their solid background and training in the clinical sciences, combined with their vast clinical experience, sets them apart as skilled and proficient practitioners of homeopathy.
            

keep reading












   keep reading










  the information contained on this site is general in nature and is not meant to substitute for the advice provided by your own physician or other health care professional.
                             none of the statements on this site are an endorsement of any particular product, or a recommendation as to how to treat any particular disease or health-related condition.
                             if you suspect you have a disease or health-related condition of any kind, you should contact your health care professional immediately. please consult with a health care professional before starting any diet, exercise, supplementation or medication program.









 © 2000-2022 www.drvaishnav.com all rights reserved.






share

    
                                

  
                                

















