






orlando dressage – professional, yet friendly




 















































professional, yet friendly 

orlando dressage 






home
calendar
prize list
results
venues
entry form






 



















 




 








welcome to orlando dressage!
we are looking forward to the sweetheart cup on february 8-9 at clarcona horse park. sue kolstad is our judge. ride times are here.as of thursday, there is a construction project that has closed mccormick road just west of clarcona horse park. not sure if it will be closed all weekend. if you travel to the park from ocoee apopka road to mccormick you may want to check you gps for alternative routes. the detour they send you is clarke road to clarcona ocoee road to apopka vineland road and brings you to mccormick road from the other side. hope this helps. see you soon!
i am so thankful for our generous sponsors, whom with their added support, enable us to continue to have orlando dressage shows with wonderful awards.
thanks to “the main law firm”, with their sponsorship in this new year, we will be offering, “the masters amateur test of choice” classes and championship. one test for the usef tests and one for the fei tests. this is open to amateur riders 60 and over. the top scores of the combined classes will be awarded at every show and wonderful series awards for the series shows from february—june.
at our sweetheart cup on february 8-9, we will be awarding not only our level champions, but will be awarding the top scoring amateur. this award includes a lemieux jay blue set, dressage saddle pad , bonnet, and leg wraps. it also includes a lemieux 2025 calendar! this award is sponsored by jenny cunningham. (doesn’t include freestyles, equitation or material classes.)
and of course, sunspree tack. annette and carrie have been supporting us from the beginning. always offering level champion awards and much more.  thank you ladies!
all of our additional sponsors are listed below. each one of them are special. please take the time to familiarize their companies with you and please support them. along with you, they keep us going.
clifford l. shover builder, inc.
mike and janet buckner
ashmore equestrian center
laura joseph
next eventride times and stabling will be posted thursday evening prior to event
event: the sweetheart cup
prize list: pdf
ride times: pdf
rider schedule: pdf
stabling chart: pdf
program: pdf
hope you are able to join us for the 2025 show season!usef/usdf recognized shows
december 7-8, 2024 – orlando winter classic – clarcona-barbara ebner jan. 11-12, 2025 –dressage under the oaks i– grand oaks-heather stalkerjan. 25-26 –snowbird’s paradise showfebruary 8-9 – the sweetheart cup – clarcona – sue kolstadmarch 22–the heidelberg cup i–clarcona–cindi wylie, heidi berry2 judges and two shows in one weekend!march 23–the heidelberg cup ii–clarcona-cindi wylie, heidi berry2 judges and two shows in one weekend!may 24-25 –dressage under the oaks ii – grand oaks-dolly hannonjune 14-15 – dressage under the oaks iii – grand oaks-
 









did you like this? share it!
facebook
twitter
google plus
linked in
email









contact wittyhorse@embarqmail.com

 
 


© 2018 orlando dressage





 
























