

permanently mark anything metal - new metal marking kits!











etch-o-matic





martronics corporation site pages

quick ordering

 martronics company links
 
contact us

p.o. box 200 / 500 wilcox road
			salkum, wa 98582
 
email - click here
phone: 1.800.775.0797
			fax: 1.360.985.2996  
we've been in business for over 41 years.  
~~~
etch-o-matic is a trademark of
			martronics corp.
~~~
			© 2007 martronics corporation 



now mark metal in seconds




   
 the etch-o-matic metal marking system has been on the market for nearly 40 years and is the easiest to use and least expensive method of permanently marking metal available today. that is why it is used by hundreds of  america's largest corporations yet it is still the lowest priced kit on the market today...and it will save you time and money!
why not check it out along with today's special low prices!
.





if you manufacture, use or distribute anything made of metal, then the etch-o-matic is for you




permanently marks metal tools, parts  or equip. in seconds!

etch-o-matic
metal marking kits.
lowest priced kits available anywhere, guaranteed!


the etch-o-matic will permanently mark or etch absolutely everything that is made of metal in just a matter of seconds and the marks are commercial quality and the system is so flexible that you can draw, copy or design anything you want on your computer and then by using a quick dura-film stencil you can mark your tools, parts or products for less than a cent per mark.  nothing else even comes close to this simple, inexpensive system. 
check it out for yourself   etch-o-matic marking system
etch-o-matic also marks: saw blades, dies, gauges, cutting tools, carbides, drill bits, castings, ball bearings, and all metals including stainless steel, brass, copper, bronze, titanium, aluminum, tool steels, tin, zinc, lead and black oxide coatings. 









attention knifemakers




etch-o-matic
marks knives, swords and cutlery easily  in just seconds!

 click on the photo to learn about marking knives


whether you make just a few knives a month as a hobby
						or if you make dozens of knives a week, you can put professional logos and trademarks on all your knives and swords in seconds. our electro-chemical marking system 
						will mark anything made of metal and save you thousands
						of dollars over a laser marking system. 
lowest priced kits available anywhere!
click here to learn about marking knives with the etch-o-matic









now you can make your own dura-film stencils to put your own professional logo or trademark
						on all your metal products




ultra violet exposure units

click photo above for
						complete info. about
ultra-violet exposure units


the new mark 440, mark 560, mark 680, and mark 1000 uv exposure units let you make your own dura-film stencils with your own copy, designs or trademark and then permanently mark your tools, metal parts, knives or equipment in seconds right in own shop or plant.
these exposure units allow you to make your own custom stencils in sizes 4"x 4" up to 8" x 11". they will let you create absolutely professional marks on both metal and  glass objects. the best part is:
you can do it for less than a cent per mark!








great new product idea!
now you can use your metal etching stencils
			made for the etch-o-matic above and 
etch glass!










here is a great new idea that lets you use the stencils
			you make for metal etching...and etch almost anything
			made of glass in just seconds.  all you do is create your
			copy, designs or artwork on your computer, make a
			stencil (like above) and by using our new glass etching
			kits you can etch on glass!
see glass etching kits...click here!













there is nothing like these kits available anywhere at these low prices!
click on photos for more information about each product.








would you like to try our universal stencils - absolutely free? just click the shopping cart link below & let us know your shipping information.
						it's just that simple! 




special offers
and 
free samples!
would you like to be notified of special offers and new products? would you like us to send you tips for expanding your etching business, or just more ways to enjoy your etching hobby? how about special members-only discounts? try subscribing to our newsletter, and you'll get all these things and more.  




enter your name:



enter your email:







    

 
			 
			 






