








- pacific biodiesel






































































skip to content








newsletter signup 

facebooktwitterinstagramyoutube 



 
















about usabout pacific biodieselpolicy & issuespacific biodiesel networktechnologyaffiliationshistorycareerscompany awardslocationsbiodieselwhat is biodieselfrequently asked questionshistory of biodiesel fuelbiodiesel benefits – why use biodiesel?sustainabilityag & energyrecycle used cooking oilgrease trap servicesbusiness sign uprecycle used cooking oil from your homepurchase biodieselwhere to buy biodieselnew stationsdistributorscustomer testimonialsnewsnews and eventspress releasesnewsletter archivescontact us 


search for:















search for:











 




 






 





 




bio_admin2025-01-20t10:28:15-10:00

photo above of bob and kelly king compliments of first hawaiian bank
founded on maui in 1995, pacific biodiesel® is the nation’s longest operating biodiesel producer, and established the first retail biodiesel pump in america. today with nearly 100 employees statewide, the company is the only commercial producer of liquid biofuels in hawaii.the company has always focused on recycling with a zero-waste philosophy that incorporates development of value-added co-products. its collaborative, community-based “agriculture and energy” production model demonstrates a full-circle system of sustainability and climate change solutions designed to help hawaii achieve a clean, sustainable energy future.
our mission: to promote a clean, sustainable energy future through the community-based production of renewable fuels
30 years and growing!director of operations jenna long announces that the new year marks an exciting milestone for pacific biodiesel – 2025 is the company’s 30th anniversary! from opening the first retail biodiesel pump in the usa three decades ago to farming the first commercial crop of sunflowers on maui, pacific biodiesel continues to demonstrate a community-based model of renewable fuel and regenerative agriculture that’s helping to fight climate change, support hawaiʻiʻs energy security and food sovereignty, and expand circular economy benefits in our island state.   photo of pacific biodiesel co-founders bob and kelly king compliments of first hawaiian bank.
long also highlights some notable achievements in 2024. find these and other happenings at pacific biodiesel in the january newsletter here.
the photo at right of pacific biodiesel co-founders bob and kelly king compliments of first hawaiian bank.
pacific biodiesel named business climate champion at climate leadership awardshonolulu, hawaii (september 9, 2024)  – pacific biodiesel was named business climate champion at the inaugural climate leadership awards presented by climate hawaiʻi and hosted by governor josh green at washington place on september 9th.  pictured l to r are: shelee kimura, president and ceo of hawaiian electric; chris benjamin, chair of climate hawaiʻi; bob & kelly king, co founders of pacific biodiesel; jeff mikulina, executive director of climate hawaiʻi; governor josh green
click here for more about this prestigious awards event.
guests invited to tour pacific biodiesel’s regenerative agricultural operations on kauaʻi and the island’s first sunflower bloomkaumakani, hawaii (july 12, 2024)  – the pacific biodiesel team welcomed guests for special private farm tours on friday, july 12th at its first field of blooming sunflowers on kauaʻi – the same 100-acre field where a blessing was held earlier this year on earth day. this video is a recap of the day, which included a tour of the company’s new crushing mill at the gay & robinson, inc. property in kaumakani, and a visit to the blooming sunflower field via a school bus shuttle provided by hawaii agricultural foundation.
click here to learn more about the day’s events.
2024 sunflower farm music festival featured all-star musician lineup and raised funds & awareness for maui’s food securitymaui, hawaii (may 4, 2024)  – this year’s festival, produced by licorice pizza records owner kerry brown, featured a farmers’ market, farm tours and day-long musical performances. the focus of this year’s agricultural event was food sovereignty for hawaii with proceeds benefiting three maui-based non-profits that are supporting local farming and helping grow hawaii’s food security: maui hub, common ground collective and grow some good.
watch the recap video above and read all about it here.
pacific biodiesel welcomes community leaders & local students for blessing of the company’s first sunflower field on kauaʻikauaʻi, hawaiʻi (april 23, 2024) – in commemoration of earth day, pacific biodiesel founders bob and kelly king welcomed community leaders and local students on a tour of the company’s new crushing mill and expanded agriculture operations, followed by a blessing of its first sunflower field on kauaʻi on april 22, 2024. the hawaiian blessing was conducted by kumu troy hinano lazaro and members of his award-winning hālau ka pa hula o hinano.
read the press release here.
u.s. senator mazie k. hirono visits pacific biodiesel’s kauaʻi crushing mill and agricultural operationskauaʻi, hawaiʻi pacific biodiesel founders bob and kelly king welcomed u.s. senator mazie k. hirono for a tour of the company’s new crushing mill and expanded agriculture operations in kaumakani, kauaʻi on wednesday, march 27, 2024. other guests included representatives from kauaʻi landowners gay & robinson, inc., ulupono initiative, and governor josh green’s kauaʻi liaison.
pacific biodiesel expands operations to kauai
pacific biodiesel today announced a new project on kaua‘i as part of multi-year agreement with u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) engineer research and development center to produce a hawaii agriculture-based biofuel. but it goes well beyond renewable fuel. we’ll be regeneratively farming sunflowers and other oilseed cover crops in rotation with food crops on 1,000 acres on the garden isle as part of a federally funded project to bolster hawai‘i’s agriculture, support food and energy security, create local jobs and help combat the effects of the climate crisis. in this video, pacific biodiesel co-founder kelly king explains more about this exciting endeavor that will make a significant, sustainable impact on our state.


read the press release and kelly king’s editorial about our new kauai project in today’s biobased diesel daily.

hawaii island refinery sets annual production record
on december 26 2023, team members from pacific biodiesel’s refinery on hawai‘i island touted the company’s new production record. for the first time, pacific biodiesel has reached 6 million gallons of biodiesel produced in a year, far exceeding the refinery’s annual nameplate production capacity of 5.5 million gallons.
read more here.
kiuc receives first delivery from pacific biodieselon june 28, kaua‘i island utility cooperative (kiuc) received its first delivery of locally produced biodiesel as part of its new fuel supply contract executed last month with pacific biodiesel. under the agreement, pacific biodiesel will supply biodiesel to partially fuel kiucʻs 27.5 megawatt kapaia power generation station.
read this and other updates from pacific biodiesel in our newsletter here.
sunflower farm music fest to support hawaii’s food security – earth day 2023
pacific biodiesel & mana‘o radio presented the “sunflower farm music fest” to support hawaii’s food security! the event took place on earth day (saturday, april 22, 2023) from 9am to 5pm in a blooming field of sunflowers at the family farm of pacific biodiesel founders, bob and kelly king, in maui’s central valley. this all-day live music and farm tour benefit event raised funds and awareness for hawaii food hub hui, a collaboration of 14 food hubs around the state that provide vital support to small- and medium-sized local farms by working to aggregate, store, process and distribute locally grown, culturally preferred foods to hawaii’s residents. the event also raised funds for mana‘o radio, celebrating its 21st anniversary this year.
 
pacific biodiesel cofounders serve as delegates at cop27in keeping with their lifelong commitment to the environment, pacific biodiesel cofounders bob and kelly king participated as delegates at cop27 in sharm el-sheikh, egypt.
at the sharm el-sheikh climate change conference (cop27) in november 2022, pacific biodiesel cofounders bob and kelly king participated as delegates of “iclei-local governments for sustainability.”
“iclei usa is one of 24 secretariat offices around the globe, all working with local cities, counties, regional municipalities on environmental initiatives, creating climate action plans and helping with baseline data tools for developing plans,” kelly king explained. king, who was wrapping up her third term as a maui county councilmember, added, “we are elevating these sub-national actions while also trying to encourage and highlight the importance of multi-level collaboration.”
click here to read this article and other news from pacific biodiesel in the february 2023 newsletter.
it’s national manufacturing day!
employees at pacific biodiesel’s hawaii island refinery gather for national manufacturing day.
october 7, 2022 – each year, america celebrates national manufacturing day on the first friday of october to recognize companies in the manufacturing sector
that support the national economy and to showcase modern manufacturing careers.
this year marks a manufacturing milestone for pacific biodiesel, hawaii’s only commercial producer of liquid biofuels – it’s the 10th anniversary of the company’s hawaii island biodiesel refinery. the facility began producing premium distilled biodiesel in 2012 and today annually produces more than 5.5 million gallons of biodiesel, sold entirely in hawaii. click here to learn more about this milestone and other articles in pacific biodiesel’s october 2022 newsletter.
first off-grid biodiesel fueling station opens
at hawaiʻi small boat harborfollowing the blessing, pacific biodiesel co-founders bob and kelly king untie the lei to open hawaii’s first off-grid biodiesel station at ma’alaea harbor on june 3.
june 3, 2022 – the first of six mobile biodiesel fueling stations in hawai‘i opened earlier today at ma‘alaea small boat harbor on maui. pacific biodiesel installed and will operate the off-grid fueling station at the busy harbor.
“this innovative fueling station gives customers 24/7 access to biodiesel, making it more convenient to fuel up with our locally produced, 100% renewable fuel,” said pacific biodiesel founder bob king. “these self-contained units are easy to install and move. they can be quickly dropped into locations around the state to serve customers, like dlnr, who are committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions to fight the effects of the climate crisis.”
read the full press release here.
pacific biodiesel & mana‘o radio benefit concert
raises $72,000 for ukraine children


during the benefit concert, ukrainian refugee vladlena bugay, surrounded by her family, sang the ukraine national anthem accompanied by mauiʻs gail swanson on flute. photography credit: shootingstarsmaui


read more here.
it’s national biodiesel day!“pacific biodiesel’s sustainable agriculture and clean energy production model demonstrates a circular economy approach to fighting climate change in hawaii.”  – pacific biodiesel president bob king
today is national biodiesel day, the annual celebration of biodiesel in america. observed each year on march 18, national biodiesel day commemorates the birthday of rudolf diesel, who invented the diesel engine and unveiled it at the world fair in 1900.
now more than ever, our locally produced biodiesel is providing ongoing energy security for hawaii by reducing the need for imported fossil fuel – while providing hawaii with a clean local fuel choice that reduces harmful greenhouse gas emissions to help fight climate change.
we have launched a new series of videos about our company. click here to watch the videos and learn more about pacific biodiesel, the benefits of biodiesel for hawaii, and how our company is expanding local fuel production through sustainable agriculture for “food then fuel.”
pacific biodiesel co-founders report from cop26in november, pacific biodiesel co-founders bob and kelly king attended the un climate change conference of the parties (cop26) in glasgow, scotland, the premier global climate change conference. the goal, in part, was to determine how countries will accelerate action towards the goals of the paris agreement.
since returning, the kings have shared their insights from the climate change conference in many venues and outlets, including international and community forums and publications.
after returning from the un climate change conference of the parties (cop26) in glasgow, scotland held in november 2021, kelly king shares her insights in the video above about the important role of biofuels and sustainable agriculture in fighting climate change, the benefits of a circular economy, and the multi-level collaboration needed among local governments to institute change.
read more about cop26 and other news and updates from pacific biodiesel here.
pacific biodiesel featured in episode of blue planet foundation’s series “empowered: hawaii’s clean energy future.”pacific biodiesel is featured in blue planet foundation‘s november episode of “empowered: hawaii’s clean energy future.” director of operations jenna long discusses the benefits of biodiesel in hawaii’s renewable energy mix, including the company’s expanding focus on sustainable agriculture to farm crops for food then fuel. airing monthly on khon2, this informative series discusses the importance of renewable energy for our islands.
to watch the full episode and others in this year-long series, visit blue planet foundation’s website at https://blueplanetfoundation.org/empowered/
 
pacific biodiesel co-founder selected to represent hawaii on epa committee and at global climate change summitpacific biodiesel co-founder and maui county councilmember kelly king was recently appointed to the environmental protection agency’s local government advisory committee. the announcement was made in august by epa administrator michael s. regan who selected king and 33 other new lgac appointees from more than 150 nominees.
the lgac provides independent policy advice to the epa administrator on critical environmental issues affecting local governments and their residents.
additionally, last week kelly king learned she is one of just two u.s. iclei delegates invited to participate in the un climate change conference of the parties (cop26) to be held in november in glasgow, scotland.
read more about king’s exciting appointments along with other news and updates from pacific biodiesel in our october newsletter here.
pacific biodiesel co-founder kelly king will be representing hawaii nationally and internationally for climate change solutions.
 
 
pacific biodiesel receives usda funding for mobile biodiesel stationstoday, in honor of earth day 2021, the united states department of agriculture (usda) announced it is “investing $487 million in critical infrastructure that will help communities in 45 states build back better and stronger while prioritizing climate-smart solutions and environmental stewardship.” this includes $18,218,670 in funding for hawaii. these usda investments are being made under the water and environmental program, the rural energy for america program, the electric loan program and the higher blends infrastructure incentive program.
pacific biodiesel, hawaii’s only commercial producer of liquid biofuels, is a recipient of usda infrastructure funding that will be used to create a series of mobile biodiesel fueling stations – expanding the availability of the company’s locally made 100% renewable fuel to customers throughout hawaii. more information and locations will be announced soon. “thanks to this usda funding, we’re able to serve our customers throughout the state who have been wanting more convenient locations where they can purchase our biodiesel,” said jenna long, director of operations for pacific biodiesel.
according to hawaii/western pacific state acting director and business programs director denise salmeron, the usda rural development investments for our rural island communities are vital. “these projects will support our local farmers, fuel distributors and biofuel producers by providing access to cleaner and more affordable higher blends of fuel as well as increasing our renewable energy capabilities which is a priority for our environment.”
read the full usda press release here.
if you have suggestions on where you’d like to see a 100% biodiesel fueling station in hawaii, please email info@biodiesel.com.
pictured is longtime biodiesel customer, david sellers of hawaii off grid, fueling up his truck with 100% biodiesel at pacific biodiesel’s kahului location.
bob king gives keynote at the 2020 biodiesel production technology summitseptember 16, 2020 – pacific biodiesel president and founder bob king was selected to give the keynote speech at the 2020 biodiesel production technology summit. the theme of his presentation, “our 25-year journey to a high-efficiency, zero waste plant design,” recaps the company’s evolution as it celebrates its silver anniversary this year. the annual conference, which attracts the largest gathering of biofuels producers, was conducted virtually this year via webcast.
coming full circle – pacific biodiesel marks 25 years2020 marks the 25th anniversary of pacific biodiesel! our company started here on maui in 1995 and created the first retail biodiesel pump in america. today we produce 5.5 million gallons of biodiesel annually – made from used cooking oil we recycle from restaurants statewide. we’re hawaii’s only commercial producer of liquid biofuels – proudly producing sustainable, locally made biodiesel to support a cleaner, greener hawaii. to reflect back and hear what inspires our team today to continue our mission, enjoy this in-depth interview featured in biodiesel magazine with our founders, bob and kelly king, and our director of operations jenna long. mahalo to ron kotrba, editor of biodiesel magazine, for this fantastic feature on pacific biodiesel to kick off our 25th anniversary year. stay tuned as we share more memories, information and inspiration throughout this milestone year.
pacific biodiesel founder bob king and daughter jenna
long, director of operations, drive the company’s mission of sustainable, local energy production in hawaii.
pacific biodiesel makes first fuel delivery to hamakua energy power generation facilitynovember 4, 2019 – pacific biodiesel technologies, llc today made its first delivery of biodiesel to the hamakua energy power generation facility on hawaii island as part of the biodiesel supply contract the company last month signed with pacific current subsidiary hamakua energy, llc.
as part of the agreement announced last week, pacific biodiesel technologies, owner and operator of the biodiesel refinery on hawaii island, will supply biodiesel for pacific current’s hamakua energy power generation facility, a liquid-fuel-fired combined cycle power generation facility that sells power to hawaii electric light company (helco) under an existing power purchase agreement (ppa). the facility is able to provide 22 percent of hawaii island’s generating capacity. download the full press release here.
pacific current subsidiary hamakua energy signs contract with pacific biodieseloctober 28, 2019 – pacific current and pacific biodiesel technologies today announced the signing of a biodiesel supply contract that will help increase the use of locally sourced renewable fuels and advance hawaii island’s energy independence and energy security. under the agreement, pacific biodiesel technologies, owner and operator of the biodiesel refinery on hawaii island, will supply biodiesel for pacific current’s hamakua energy power generation facility also on hawaii island. the liquid-fuel-fired combined cycle power generation facility sells power to hawaii electric light company (helco) under an existing power purchase agreement (ppa) and is able to provide 22 percent of hawaii island’s generating capacity. download the full press release here.
pacific current president scott valentino (left) and pacific biodiesel president bob king meet in honolulu after signing a contract to supply locally produced biodiesel for the hamakua energy power generation facility located on hawaii island.
find additional news coverage at the links below:
new contract a big victory for pacific biodiesel, local movement | biodiesel magazine
pacific biodiesel signs to supply hamakua plant with biodiesel | pacific business news
hamakua energy signs contract with pacific biodiesel technologies | maui now
keaau facility to provide biodiesel for hamakua energy | west hawaii today
hamakua energy signs deal with pacific biodiesel technologies | big island video news
hawaii’s hamakua energy inks biodiesel supply contract with pacific biodiesel technologies | biofuels international magazine
keaau facility to provide biodiesel for hamakua energy | hawaii tribune-herald
pacific biodiesel to supply hawaii’s hamakua energy power generation facility | biofuels digest
dlnr transitions to biodiesel on mauijuly, 2019 – this month the department of land and natural resources on maui began the transition from petroleum diesel to biodiesel. dlnr staff filled their trucks with biodiesel at pacific biodiesel’s hobron avenue fueling station.
as co-chair of hawaii’s climate change mitigation and adaptation commission, the dlnr recognized in a november press release that ground transportation contributes significantly to hawaii’s share of greenhouse gas emissions. the department has committed to fighting climate change with energy solutions that are that are clean, equitable, and resilient.
dlnr vehicles fuel with biodiesel at pacific biodiesel’s maui hobron station.
locally produced renewable biodiesel supports a healthy environment by reducing harmful emissions by as much as 86% as compared to petroleum diesel.
founders of pacific biodiesel launch maui’s first state-licensed industrial hemp farmapril 22, 2019 – in celebration of earth day, and in a continued effort to support sustainable, community-based agriculture and renewable energy, pacific biodiesel founders bob and kelly king today announced the development of maui’s first state-licensed industrial hemp farm, operating under the kings’ personal entity, imua energy, llc. the 10-acre site located within the kings’ 115-acre biofuel crop farm in central maui will be the first industrial hemp farm in the united states powered 100% by biodiesel.
the commercial farming operation will initially produce full-spectrum industrial hemp extract, including cbd. the hemp extract will be manufactured by imua energy and distributed by maiden hawaii naturals, a wholly owned subsidiary of pacific biodiesel, and marketed to cosmetic manufacturers. maiden hawaii naturals will also incorporate this premium hemp extract as a featured ingredient in its natural skincare brand, kuleana®.
click on these links to read the full press release and fact sheet. for more about the project click here.
in celebration of earth day, pacific biodiesel founders bob and kelly king today announced the development of maui’s first state-licensed industrial hemp farm.
maui disposal celebrates 50th anniversary and support of renewable fuel on mauiapril 6, 2019 – celebrating their 50th anniversary this year, maui disposal has made a commitment to sustainability by fueling with biodiesel.
employees and their families visited the pacific biodiesel biofuel crop farm on a saturday morning to learn about how biodiesel is made and the company’s model of sustainable agriculture for food, fuel, cosmetic products and more.
maui disposal vice president of operations rick miller said, “the tour was not only fun but was extremely educational – we had no idea about all the products you’ve developed!”
maui disposal employees and their families celebrate the company’s commitment to biodiesel at the maui biofuel crop farm.
pacific biodiesel farming state’s largest liquid biofuel cropfebruary 24, 2017 – pacific biodiesel technologies began in february its scaled-up farming demonstration to grow biofuel crops including sunflowers in maui’s central valley. the initial crop project on 115 acres will expand diversified agriculture by growing combine-harvested oil crops on land previously used for sugar cane production. this is the largest biofuel crop project in the state of hawaii and the only biofuel farming operation in the state running on 100% renewable fuel, showcasing the company’s sustainable, community-based model of agriculture and renewable energy. for more information and videos about the project click here.
support community based biodieselour mission: to promote a clean, sustainable energy future through the community-based production of renewable fuels
biodiesel affirmed as lowest-carbon fuel – click here for article
fossil fuel subsidies outpace renewables! – click here for article
news & eventsbeth mathias2025-01-28t17:00:17-10:00pacific biodiesel + hawaiʻi’s restaurants together fuel local clean energybeth mathias2025-01-26t19:20:54-10:00biobased diesel magazine cover story recounts pacific biodiesel’s 30 year journeybeth mathias2025-01-28t13:25:51-10:00news and updates from pacific biodiesel – january 2025beth mathias2024-12-31t09:33:40-10:00pacific biodieselʻs kauaʻi blooms featured in the sunflower magazinebeth mathias2024-12-30t17:14:39-10:00pacific biodiesel named business climate champion at climate leadership awardsview past pacific biodiesel newsletters
 sign up for our email newsletter    



 
 






		copyright 2019 © pacific biodiesel	


facebooktwitterinstagramyoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 

page load link































































































go to top




