










stephan m. neese & associates | traffic crash reconstruction	

























skip to primary content


stephan m. neese & associates
traffic crash reconstruction





search




main menu

homeour services

crash data retrieval system (cdr)
photogrammetry
speed calculations
vehicle crash reconstruction
video interrogation


about us

stephan neese curriculum vitae

computer reconstruction
accident reconstruction i
accident reconstruction ii
actar
advanced interview  techniques
advanced physics & animation
analysis of low speed collisions
aras 360 advanced 3d diagramming
arc-csi crash conference
at-scene
cdr certification
cdr training
crash data retrieval (cdr) certification system operator
emergency vehicle operator’s course
heavy vehicle crash investigation
iatai conference 2019
illinois association of technical accident investigators  conference
illinois association of technical accident investigators 2015 conference
illinois association of technical accident investigators 2017 conference
illinois association of technical accident investigators 2018 conference
illinois association of technical accident investigators conference 2010
in-put ace video interrogation
law enforcement photography  ii
law enforcement video i
law enforcement video ii
mapscenes pro
midwest association of technical accident investigators 2013 conference
pedestrian crash investigation
photomodeler pro5 collision investigation
photomodeler pro5 collision investigation
seatbelt accident investigation
special problems in traffic accident reconstruction   2009
special problems in traffic accident reconstruction 2010
special problems in traffic accident reconstruction 2011
technical investigation
vehicle crash photography iii
vehicle dynamics




contact us
what is reconstruction?
traffic safety facts

2009 bicyclist nhtsa
purdue study-the effects of road-surface conditions, age and gender on driver-injury severities
“fun” facts










welcome


since vehicular crash reconstruction has developed into a highly sophisticated scientific process, neese & associates uses the latest technology and equipment in the reconstruction process. this includes the crash data retrieval system for downloading vehicle event data recorders (commonly referred to as “black boxes”). mapping and measuring is done with electronic measuring devices and photogrammetry processes. high quality digital photography is also used in the analysis and documentation of the crash evidence.
our reconstruction process begins with the issue(s) you, as a client, present at our initial consultation. from there, the physical evidence is requested, gathered, and analyzed. this includes the police investigative reports and photographs, crash site inspections and measurements, vehicle inspections, scaled scene diagrams and a collision diagram. all other available documentation is also reviewed.
once the issues are identified then the physical evidence must be properly analyzed. the issues must be addressed in relation to the physical evidence from the crash using sound scientific principles. if the physical evidence is massaged or improperly used, it may only serve to purport one side of the story. at neese & associates we base our conclusions on the physical evidence.
get the scientific facts!
go to court with the assurance that your case will be presented by an established expert in a professional, yet completely understandable manner.






leave a reply cancel replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 







					proudly powered by wordpress				






