




namibia & botswana safaris
























































namibia

overview
travel advice
getting there
language
history
people
books



car rental


self drive


activities


tours


lodges


parks

all
northern namibia
southern namibia
western namibia
central namibia
eastern namibia
communal conservancies in namibia



nature


news

latest news
culture & lifestyle
sport
history
economics
tourism
nature & environment
photography
birding
fishing


about us

travel insurance
testimonials
history

t's & c's
links
cookies



gondwana collection


contact






 





welcome to namibia
from five-star safari lodges, to a simple bed to rest your head, let us help you find a place to stay
browse lodges














zambezi fishing 

                                from: 05 october 2020                                                                to: 31 march 2022

                                the ideal fishing escape to zambezi mubala camp
3 nights from n$2700. 00
5 nights from n$4960. 00



view









sossus scenic flight

                                from: 21 january 2021                                                                to: 30 july 2022

                                scenic flight over tsauchab river, sesriem canyon, sossusvlei & deadvlei, for n$4895.00 pp. (incl. breakfast & transfer).                            


view








travel ideas
these are featured destinations, tours and experiences curated by our team of travel experts.






discover etosha
etosha national park is home to the big 5, untouched bush, and unforgettable experiences







winged wonders
there are some 620 bird species native to namibia







sossusvlei ballooning
soar over sossusvlei in style







travel advice
read some handy tips about traveling to namibia









your gateway to namibia & botswana

                    safari2go is your definitive and objective guide to travel across namibia and botswana.
                    over several decades, we have curated hundreds of pages of information about where to stay and what to do.
                    our expert team is ready to help plan your trip easily and affordably.
                
plan your trip







featured tours
our packaged tours offer a variety of options to cater for all tastes.  from self-drive, through to fully guided, or fly-in safaris, we have a tour that suits your preferences and pocket.  here are a selection of popular trips:






camelthorn 10 day self-drive
self drive tours







zambezi mubala 5 day fishing 
self drive tours







10 day adventure tour
self drive tours







go big namibia - 13 day tour
self drive tours







go epic namibia - 11 day tour
self drive tours




all tours






featured lodges
our listing of hotels, b&bs and lodges offer a variety of choices for all travelers.  here are some popular hotels that our team have curated:








canyon roadhouse
travel can be exciting, adventurous, introspective, and even stressful. but we believe that there should always be time to slow down and have fun. to celebrate the lighter moments.    canyon roadhouse is a creative and playful base from which to explore the fish river area. from our quirky collections of car-inspired memorabilia to great value lodging and light-hearted hospitality – we aim to refresh, revitalise and re-fuel our guests with smiles.    beyond accommodation, this is also a great pit-stop for guests to check in for lunch or refreshments en route to their destinations.    discover the moments awaiting at this property. and guests should be sure not to miss out on our famous amarula cheesecake.









damara mopane lodge
damaraland is home to a community of people who have survived and thrived through a remarkable adaptation and deep connection to the land and to one another. here lies their history, inscribed in the crumbling rock and stone.    this is the community spirit that we offer to our visitors: warm, unexpected, village-esque, and always memorable.    delve into the community setting in the unique cottages, each with its own small vegetable garden.    enjoy the view of unique landscapes from the sunset deck, where the glow of light reflects off the majestic mopane trees. or select one of three walking trails, to experience the woodland in a more personal setting.









omarunga epupa-falls camp
welcome to kaokoland, a true wilderness that is home to the himba, one of the world’s last semi-nomadic cultures. despite the harshness of the arid surrounds and the isolation of the area, this truly is the land of milk and honey. an off-the-beaten track experience!   beyond a gorgeous campsite overlooking the kunene river, this camp offers guests comfortable tented chalets, all en suite. each chalet is equipped with a watercooler to keep the heat at bay, as well as a terrace for relaxing while the river waters meander past.    omarunga offers a sunset excursion to a lovely look out point, where the epupa-falls can be appreciated in their full majesty. as well as visits of local himba villages, and for he more adventurous, a river rafting trip.









etosha king nehale
just north of the king nehale gate into etosha, this new property offers guests full access to the national park, as well as the opportunity to explore the north-central reaches of namibia.    the etosha king nehale serves as the gateway into a unique cultural adventure.    every detail of this property was refined and delicately implemented to reflect the essence of royalty and the charm of the oshiwambo culture.    each room stands as its own unit, with private plunge pool and unmatched views of the andoni plains.  beyond the plains, the property also offers access to a private waterhole in the national park.    guests are invited to embrace their inner royalty.









namib dune star camp 
face the horizon head on, from the crest of a dune where the stars are so clear they seem just beyond reach. a place where imagination becomes tangible. the namib dune star camp.    a short drive from namib desert lodge, guests are chauffeured to the camp. dinner is served on a beautiful wooden deck with the horizon stretches into forever and delicious aromas float through the evening air.    each of the freestanding cabins are positioned along the crest of a dune to offer undisturbed views. what takes this experience into a class of its own, is that the bed in each chalet is on wheels. this offers guests the opportunity to wheel their bed onto the cabin’s private terrace where incomparable night-sky views await.       fall asleep to the silent sound of shooting starts and the whisper of the desert air.









the delight swakopmund
contradicting the stylistic traditional norm of the coastal town, swakopmund, the delight is a breath of fresh ocean air.    bright colours and friendly faces are standard in our very first city hotel. a place where champagne and oyster breakfasts are a daily ritual. where the town’s best mojito is served by a smiling barkeep and where style and a chic atmosphere do not take away from the welcoming environment that is the delight.   rooms are adorned with contemporary colours and finishes, maintaining spacious comfort. every room has its own terrace or balcony to allow access to the fresh coastal breeze.    the delight also offers conferencing facilities and access to breakfast events.









kalahari anib lodge
when visiting the kalahari, we want guests to immerse themselves in the experience. our aim is to offer the opportunity to feel closer to the multi-faceted richness of the kalahari – much as its indigenous people once did.       this lodge offers a new meaning to indoor-outdoor experiences. here the architecture of the various guest areas provides direct access to the kalahari desert, even while sipping night caps at the indoor fireplace.       nature drives along the kalahari dunes, as well as 









zambezi mubala camp
a blissfully rugged escape, this is the place for adventure on the zambezi river. whether guests are in search of the bright carmine bee eaters, the ultimate tiger fish catch-and-release, or a relaxing outdoor moment – zambezi mubala camp is the place to be.    offering full lodge facilities, as well as self-catering options, this property truly tickles every kind of fancy.    each tented chalet has a fully equipped kitchen, private braai-facility and can sleep four people.    spend your evening at the lodge bar with a cold g&t and watch the sun set the zambezi alight.




all lodges






discover the narrative, our online store

                    the narrative presents namibian branded products by local artisans.
                    the product range is inspired by our beautiful namibia, her flora, fauna, and her people.
                    take the time to scroll through the online shop and collect your favourite namibian memories.
                
view now








gondwana collection namibia offers travellers a home away from home in more than 20 unique lodges, built in close proximity to namibia’s natural wonders and managed sustainably.



the namibia2go car rental invites the independent traveller to experience namibia their way with well-maintained and fully inclusive rental vehicles. easy, hassle free and unforgettable.



safari2go specialises in showing of all the highlights and lesser-known secrets of the southern african region. as custom design safari specialists we can tailor-make any itinerary to suit your individual needs.






share


share





facebook



twitter



email





copy











                        gondwana collection namibia (pty) ltd t/a gondwana travel centre
t. +264 61 427 200  
e. info@namibian.org







sign up for news and specials





© gondwana collection namibia (pty) ltd t/a gondwana travel centre 1998-2025
website by wildweb









sorry, we can’t seem to find any matches for your search. have a look at our popular searches below.






browse tours
view all







browse lodges
view all







car rentals
view all







contact us
view details







lodges

(12)











tours

(12)











nature

(12)
























