



thiel tool and engineering company - progressive die metal stamping st. louis, missouri

























a certified woman owned company



home 



contact us  















































 
 
 
 
 

iso 9001:2015 registered 


























manufacturer of precision 
                      metal stampings 
                      specializing in critical 
                      progressive die 
                      applications for the 
                      automotive, construction 
                      and truck trailer
                      industries.
when we opened our doors in 1945, thiel tool and engineering company
                      made customer satisfaction our number one priority. this dedication to
                      service is evident in everything we do.


providing precision metal stamping
 engineering close tolerance
                          progressive dies
 custom assembly and packaging





                      learn more about the mayor of st.louis visit to the thiel plant... 
 
 
“customer satisfaction is the number one goal of thiel tool & engineering. our employees are committed to the ongoing pursuit of the highest quality precision metal stampings through measurable cost reductions and process improvements.”





                     

                     
                     













 
 
industries served:
 
 


 


automotive
appliance
agricultural
lawn & garden
trucking
heavy construction equipment
defense
residential construction


 


 






 

 













home  |  about us   |  engineering  |  manufacturing  |  stamping  |  assembly  |  value added   |  testimonies  |  case histories  |  rfq
contact us  |  staff  |  organization
site managed by: stl mobiletechcopyright ©2020 thiel tool & engineering company, inc. all rights reserved. 




this site is best viewed at a resolution of 1024x768. if you would like to learn how to change your screen resolution, click on one of the following links.




setting screen resolution on a pc
setting screen resolution on a mac

















































 



