



marilynn mair mandolin - marilynn mair mandolin
























marilynn mair mandolin
marilynn mair mandolin


skip to content
home
marilynn

biography
reviews
interviews
press photos


in concert

ensembles

enigmatica – ensemble plectrophonic
água no feijão
marilynn & luiz
mair & martel ~ a composers’ duo
marilynn mair & paulo sá
the american mandolin & guitar orchestra
mair & larrabee
mandolin world summit
new england mandolin ensemble
world cafe quartet
the mair-davis duo


live mp3s
concert venues
workshops

american mandolin & guitar summer school
summerkeys music camp




in print

books
mandolin articles
choro articles
newsletters
of note
ask marilynn


in brazil

choro articles
brazilian websites


music store

cds
books


contact







« older posts



welcome to marilynn’s webpage!

by marilynn
 | 
published: november 18, 2024


for over four decades marilynn mair has played music across the globe, released two dozen solo and ensemble recordings, published four method books, written countless columns, and taught as a professor of music at roger williams university. she has dedicated herself to establishing the mandolin as an instrument of importance, for her lifetime and the future. learn from her journey here. para portugues…  read more  »



       posted november 18th, 2024



events • workshops
chris acquavella ~ amguss guest artist 2025!

by marilynn
 | 
published: november 18, 2024


amguss is happy to announce chris acquavella as our guest artist for 2025.  chris will be on campus with us all week. for more information on chris, go here.
links to amguss information are in the post below. we still have a few spots left for this year’s session.



       posted november 18th, 2024



events • workshops
amguss 2025 registration is open!

by marilynn
 | 
published: october 22, 2024


amguss will be held from june 16-21, 2025,
on the campus of roger williams university
in bristol, rhode island.
more information here. 
download a registration form here. 
register & pay online here
registration is limited to 35 students,
so don’t delay!



       posted october 22nd, 2024



events • in concert
enigmatica takes the stage on december 8th!

by marilynn
 | 
published: october 17, 2024


enigmatica will give our annual december concert at the wonderful intimate concert hall of the bay springs community center in barrington, rhode island on sunday december 8 at 2:00 pm. we will play a concert, entitled “music for a winter’s day,” that includes the music of bach, brazil, and new england composers. info here.
come join us to hear tunes from our cds and music for the winter holidays. and you can pick up some cds at special concert discount prices for holiday giving!



       posted october 17th, 2024



enigmatica’s new cd gets rave review!

by marilynn
 | 
published: august 2, 2024


read the review of enigmatica’s new cd, the road less traveled, in the august issue of the cmsa’s mandolin journal!



       posted august 2nd, 2024



great reviews for my newest book and cd!

by marilynn
 | 
published: february 5, 2024


the classical mandolin society of america’s journal just came out, and i’m the featured review! (click for the full review) it ends with the quote:
“marilynn mair is truly a master of “silver linings.” i believe that it is only a matter of time until mair’s collections – nocturnes for vincent, etudes en couleurs, and fantasia in dialogue –become part of the plucked string canon.”
nice to have my compositions recognized and appreciated!



       posted february 5th, 2024



youtube live: amguss w/ choro das 3 in 2023

by marilynn
 | 
published: september 1, 2023


choro das 3 were our amguss guest artists in 2023. during the week they included many of us in their weekly youtube live broadcast. after amguss they stayed with me for a bit and included paul and me in the next week’s broadcast. you can see those two weeks here: amguss w/ choro das 3 and choro das 3 at marilynn’s. the amguss one gives an interesting look at the small ensemble choro groups and some folks from the open mic and the late-night jams. enjoy!



       posted september 1st, 2023



marilynn’s new book is out ~ print and digital!

by marilynn
 | 
published: may 18, 2023


order your copy from mel bay, here!
in this 3rd volume of the complete mandolinist series, marilynn mair presents over 60 of her original compositions, works for mandolin solo and duo, mandolin with guitar, choro leadsheets, and mandolin ensembles.
pieces range from moderate to advanced, with most lying between those two parameters. marilynn’s works show her original compositional style: lively, quirky, heartfelt, and colorful. years of performing, recording, and arranging give her pieces a classical feel but with a modern twist. check out the new fun music on the block! the book also includes download of over an hour of marilynn’s performances.




       posted may 18th, 2023



silver lining & natural history for sale

by marilynn
 | 
published: october 25, 2022



you can now buy marilynn’s new cd and enigmatica’s new cd right from this page! click on the icons in the right-hand column to take you to the track listings, listening samples, and purchasing link.



       posted october 25th, 2022



6 on bandcamp

by marilynn
 | 
published: october 10, 2022


i’ve now got all 6 of my solo cds up on bandcamp. check it out! if you live outside the usa, this is where you can order a cd. if you prefer to download the music rather than buy an actual cd, that can happen on bandcamp. you can even get a discount to download all 6! you can also listen to the cds there.



       posted october 10th, 2022



« older posts






latest cds


latest books


more cds

madrugada / daybreakenigmatica 3 – new american music for mandolin ensemblemeu bandolimenigmatica — the blue houseágua no feijão — roda no rioleave something unexplainedthe mandolin in the 18th centuryenigmaticanadando em luz / swimming in lightmetro – world café quartetzuvienna nocturnespanish serenadethe sounding joysip a little newnew england yuletidejoyful tidingsnew england christmastidenew england christmastide 2wind in the rigging
more books

the complete mandolinist
search






of note

amguss 2025concerts next week!enigmatica cd release concerts
popular articles

revisiting tremolo
pick technique for the classical mandolinist

 personal blog
early december





“smudging the lines between folk and classical is an intrepid endeavor… mair’s a superb mandolin player who has brought the instrument to unexpected places…” – jim macnie, the providence phoenix (usa)“marilynn mair has always had the keen ability to balance classical mandolin traditions and repertoire, while constantly breaking new musical ground…a superb and versatile mandolinist and composer.” – – butch baldassari, mandolin magazine (usa)“mair travels by mandolin to brazil and brilliance… her commitment to the music shines through.” – rick massimo, the providence journal“stepping back to the 18th-century masterworks gave her the opportunity to highlight her technique with a fresh light… her playing is thoughtful, vibrant and a delight to listen to.” — terence pender, mandolin quarterly (usa)“she’s a fabulous player with a wonderfully clear and lyrical sound.” – the ottawa citizen (canada)“mair displays an exceptionally gifted approach to this music, using her formidable mandolin technique with grace and sensitivity… it’s the next best thing to a trip to rio.” – david mccarty, mandolin magazine (usa)“marilynn mair performs brazilian mandolin music… she plays the mandolin as an instrument for all occasions.” – vaughn watson, the providence journal (usa)“bring a talented ensemble of gifted musicians together playing some of the great concertos and chamber music pieces of the 1700s, present the extraordinary classical mandolinist marilynn mair front and center, and you have a rare combination of the right musicians performing the right music at the right time.” – david mccarty, mandolin magazine (usa)“marilynn mair é uma bandolinista americana de formação erudita” — paulo eduardo neves, agenda do samba choro (brasil)“mair is unstoppable… capable of evoking any landscape, past or present, you’d care to conjure.” – mike caito, providence phoenix (usa)“marilynn mair on mandolin…touches the deepest and most engaging reaches of the ancient and passionate ‘latin soul’.” – carlos agudelo, billboard magazine“a lovely concert! we estimate your spell-bound and enthusiastic audience at close to 1800 people…” – lincoln center out-of-doors (usa)“the final repeat of the melody transmitted a strong feeling of peace and tenderness that escaped no one in the audience. it is this sensitivity and subtleness that characterized the overall performance.” – brian hodel, guitar review (usa)“a brilliant concert from beginning to end…the performance was extraordinary.” – la rioja (spain)“a sparkling concert… absolutely brilliant!” – guitar magazine (england)“marilynn mair acquits herself very well indeed, a most accomplished player, able to deal with the many intricacies the repertoire demands of her.” – chris kilvington, classical guitar (england)“marilynn mair lives up to her reputation as an excellent mandolinist, with clear tone, a beautiful tremolo, and creative expressiveness.” – zupfmusik magazin (germany)





        

   			powered by wordpress. built on the thematic theme framework.

	









 






