wisconsin farmer - homenews business editorials classifieds legals black pioneers successfully farmed in southwestern wisconsin following civil war.chris hardie will americans avoid a bird flu pandemic like they did 68 years ago?helt family values communication with employees on their dane, wisconsin farmif you look and listen closely, you will see signs of spring all aroundcolleen kottke  $10k donation will help to grow agricultural education… ag briefs: police scrambling to crack case in theft of… jefferson county woman dreamed of becoming an ag teacher… high cost of eggs is pecking away at this fond du lac… winter crocheting project fills time and highlights… will americans avoid a bird flu pandemic like they did 68 years ago?  helt family values communication with employees on their dane, wisconsin farm  lodi couple markets their wisconsin-grain grains to foodies and chefs. more in news high cost of eggs is pecking away at this fond du lac owner's profits  time to sell your livestock or grain? check out the weekly market report  time to sell your livestock or grain? check out the weekly market report more in business cariuma x star wars sneakers are on sale for $32 for a limited time only!  🇺🇸 20 best presidents day sales to shop today  how to watch we beat the dream team, releasing on monday, feb. 17 more in shoppingwhat are the origins of agriculture education and ffa in wisconsin?jescey thompson ethanol is driving alice in dairyland's message across wisconsinhalei heinzel lodi couple markets their wisconsin-grain grains to foodies and chefs. senate confirms brooke rollins as agriculture secretary wisconsin joins lawsuit against deere alleging monopoly on repairs to farm equipmentabout us careers accessibility support site map legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicesadvertise your business buy and sell manage accountnewsletters facebook xclassifieds shopping 10best localiq© 2025 www.wisfarmer.com. all rights reserved.