


heinie hartwig represented at portnoy galleries, carmel, ca




















 

   
    home
     

    artists' inventory
    

    calendar
     
 
    exhibitions
     

    catalogs
     
 
    e-mail





 



 



     
    




 

      
    

back to the heinie hartwig selectionsheinie hartwig
(b. 1939)


heinie hartwig became a painter of primarily western subjects although he 
    also does landscapes and still lifes. the tone of his work is primarily 
    romantic. he started painting in 1970, working on his art in the evenings, 
    and a year later quit his job and began painting for a living. 

    he grew up in the santa clara valley of california, and left for three years 
    to spend time traveling through europe with the army. he was in germany as 
    the berlin wall went up and persuaded his wife, eva, to leave east germany 
    to marry him. returning to santa clara, he worked pouring concrete, and 
    spent a lot of time running marathons. in 1964 he held the record for long 
    distance running in northern california. by 1991, he was in "who's who in 
    american art". 

    hartwig taught himself to paint by studying the "old masters”  

and invested much of his time experimenting with their techniques. 
    he was attracted to the charm and romance of classic art. he has managed to 
    capture the light, color and style of those great artists.  

through this hartwig became convinced that strength, durability and long 
    lasting sharpness of color are created with the use of “old world” color 
    formulas.  


though most of his work has a western theme, hartwig is a versatile painter. 
many of his paintings are landscapes and still lifes. heinie harwig's work has 
been compared to albert bierstadt and john constable for its romanticism, 
european feel and composition.


the overall results of his experimentation and training have led to numerous 
commendations and awards, including the prestigious triton museum competition. 
hartwig’s works are proudly displayed in such venerated institutions as brigham 
young university, mills college, the robert louis stevenson school and the 
monterey institute of foreign studies. many paintings by heinie hartwig are 
sought after by international collectors.

	 
    
     
    
       
 





            6th and dolores
    p.o. box 4131
    carmel, california 93921
    tel: (831) 624-1155   
    fax:(831) 624-2459
    e-mail: 
    portnoyart@aol.com








































 


