



  



 indoor playgrounds for kids: embark on an expedition at jungle java

































welcome to the jungle, where parents want to visit and kids don't want to leave… plus coffee, food, and wifi!				





						booking parties or view promos or gift cards, here					






menu



open playbirthday parties canton clinton twp. farmington hills private parties canton clinton twp. farmington hills groups and fundraisers canton clinton twp. farmington hills menuabout faqs jobs invites term & conditions locations canton clinton twp  farmington hills  





 
 
 
 



					let us make you a latte or iced mocha!				

					come in for daily open play! no reservations needed.
let the kids explore our jungle while you work or catch up with friends.				


play elements displayed in video may vary by location 





						explore the jungle @ night!					








    embark on an exciting expedition inside jungle java jungle java is all about kids of all ages having fun and engaging in active play in a safe, clean environment while parents can enjoy some time to do work or relax. stop in today for some open play! don't forget socks (available for purchase as well).   




							daily admission						

							see location page						

							individual store prices vary.

no restrictions at this time.






							group rates						

							for 12 or more children						

call for details 




   visit a location nearest you to ask about our admission add-on options. 3-month passes are also available for the families who love to have fun! our locations    






  explore the fun of the jungle! we're open 7 days a week to let your young cubs climb and slide through our jungle themed indoor playground. jungle java is a fun, affordable way to let your kids play while giving you some time to work, catch up with friends, or simply relax in the cafe. with exciting structures for kids of all ages, jungle java is your go-to space for a family fun day!  what is open play?        jungle java clinton twp., mi        jungle java farmington hills, mi    did someone say birthday party? celebrate your child's birthday the jungle way with themed birthday party packages at jungle java. we want to give your child a birthday party to remember! check out our party packages and special printable invitations to get started planning the wildest birthday party around. we help you every step of the way from food and cake, to decorations and more! see party packages       want to bring the whole pack? ask us about our group pricing admissions and our fundraising opportunities! during the week, we welcome mom groups, preschools, girl and boy scout troops, summer camps, and more through our doors for fantastic fun in the jungle. we have group packages to make snacks and lunch a breeze. to learn more, visit our groups and fundraisers page. learn more now     jungle java farmington hills, mi    





					where parents want to visit, and kids don’t want to leave®
visit jungle java today! 





homeopen playbirthday parties menuabout faqs invites locations  






 thumb_up_alt 
							leave a review
						



						the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 jungle java. all rights reserved.
					








hlm web design - 
privacy - 
manage




















