




king shepherd
























































king shepherd home page


breed standard


faqs


favorite links


breeders


chateau de chief




pictures


testimonials










welcome!
chateau de chief king shepherds

a king shepherd resembles a large german shepherd dog.  the breed was originally developed on the east coast using american bred german shepherds, crossed to flock guardians, which were then crossed with european bred german shepherd dogs.  the intent was to develop a superior family companion and protector that was capable of performing a wide variety of working duties ranging from police service, to guide dogs, to search and rescue dogs.  the original breeders also wanted to produce a dog which was free of the many health and temperament problems, which has been affecting german shepherd dogs.

































welcome
welcome to the king shepherd web site! this site has been developed to introduce and provide more information about the king shepherd breed. the king shepherd dog is large, rugged, powerful and impressive, possessing great endurance and agility. these wonderful dogs were selectively bred to be large, loyal and loving family companions and protectors. despite their size, they are remarkably athletic, having incredible ability and endurance. they are also extremely intelligent and easy to train. while kings can be protective, they are nonetheless quite gentle and loving with their families and friends. king shepherds are very handsome dogs that turn heads wherever they are seen. the owners of this fantastic breed tend to be fiercely loyal to their breed of choice. 

introducing the availability of the "elite-select puppy" - for those distinguished individuals and families with impeccable taste, that desire the finest of quality.  

imagine picking up your huge, healthy, beautiful, elite-select puppy, who is already obedience trained, housebroken and crate trained!  contact shelley@kingshepherd.com or (703) 737-3813 for more information and availability.










shelley has created and nurtured a breed of dog from a place of love and intelligence.  my bishop has all the qualities i need for a companion and protector for myself and loved ones.  loyal, independent, smart and i dare say, a sense of humor.  shelley's king's are king
bill stanton





i founded k-9 4 cops (www.k9s4cops.org) to match the perfect dog with the best cop. shelley has done the same in the private sector. my daughter and family are my true treasures and what better to watch over that treasure than a king. i'm a proud texan and in texas we say, cash is king! ....and my boy cash, really is
kristi schiller ( wife, mom, philanthropist )





after a long flight the boys relax with constance by the poolside. lobo (2) and oso (3) never leave our side. at 130 and 140 pounds respectively they have "command presence". when not with an immediate family member, these boys are never far and always looking out for us. little do they know is that we are always looking out for them. life is about creating memories and shelley's boys are part of our family...at home, in the air, or anywhere
mike fernandez ( chairman, ceo )









king shepherd rescue
although it doesn't happen often, sometimes there is a king shepherd that is available for placement into a loving home.


learn more about king shepherd rescue












bill stanton on good morning america


bill "wild bill" stanton appearing on good morning america.
                










bishop


ch. chateau de chief's bishop, owned by bill stanton - a gorgeous son of ch. bustah bruin.
                










bill stanton featured in new york magazine


bill "wild bill" stantonfeatured in and on the cover of the new york magazine.
                

















kristi & johnny cash featured in dialogue with life & dog


kristi schiller featured in life+dog magazine, with the exceedingly handsome chateau de chief's johnny cash and her two cavaliers
 
 
                










johnny cash's rose bowl parade float


kk, john, sinclair and johnny cash (the real johnny cash and his 22 foot replica!) in the rose bowl parade with their k9s4cops float!
 
                










please support k9s4cops!

                    k9s4cops is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit founded in 2010 by kristi schiller.  their mission is a foundation dedicated to supporting law enforcement k9 units across the nation.  they envision safe communities and schools patrolled by law enforcement with highly trained k9s ready for action.  they believe that a lack of funds should not be the obstacle for any agency working to keep our streets safe.  they seek to become the portal of resources and support for law enforcement k9 units in need.to assist in their mission please donate at http://k9s4cops.org/donate  contact them @ info@k9s4cops.com or (713) 523-cops!
 
                
















puppies available soon
puppies available soon!  contact  shelley@kingshepherd.com - (703) 737-3813.












kristi, johnny cash & clifford


kristi with 2 year old 140 pound chateau de chief's johnny cash and 3 year old 22 pound clifford
                










sinclair with johnny cash


kristi's daughter sinclair at halloween - (little red riding hood) and four month old johnny cash (the big bad wolf), who looks after her and the family like a navy seal!
                










johnny cash - 18 months


kristi's johnny cash - 18 months of age, owned by john and kristi schiller, guarding "his" child, sinclair, by the waterside.
                










johnny cash on schiller's plane


kristi's johnny cash, taking a ride on the family plane.
                

















mike fernandez, oso and lobo featured in induldge magazine













oso & lobo relaxing in france with family


chateau de chief's oso and chateau de chief's lobo, absolutely stunning boys, relaxing poolside, during a family vacation in france.
                

















coltrane winning a best in show


bis, biss ch. chateau de chief's coltrane, cda, mhit, a handsome, top winning male, owned by jacob and deborah fernandez.
                










coltrane leaping for water


bis, biss ch. chateau de chief's coltrane, cda, mhit, leaping for water, with owner deborah fernandez.
                

































thanks for visiting the king shepherd website!
www.kingshepherd.com



pictures
breed standard
favorite links
kingshepherd rescue




faqs
breeders
chateau de chief
testimonials



leesburg, va

shelley@kingshepherd.com
703-737-3813











 



                
                copyright (c) 2017 - chateau de chief
            









;
    


