












stinson llp - attorneys, lawyers, law firm, legal services
























main menu
main content












see things in a new wayeffective partnershipextensive legal knowledgedynamic culture



effective partnershipproviding creative solutions and practical recommendationstailoring our communication style, strategies and insights to your business, culture and values.



extensive legal knowledgehelping you minimize risk and realize opportunitiesleveraging deep industry knowledge and investing time to understand your business.



dynamic cultureembracing collaborationcommitted to diversity, equity & inclusion and supporting our communities with pro bono.









search our people












press releasestinson adds commercial litigator john bessler to its minneapolis, dc officejohn joins the firm's financial services & class action practice division. he will split his time between stinson's dc and minneapolis offices.



in the newsbusiness taxation attorneys discuss tax policy changes under trump administration in tax notesthe attorneys urge taxpayers and tax advisers to closely monitor the 2025 legislative session, emphasizing the need to be prepared before and after new tax legislation is enacted. 



press releaseworld trademark review recognizes stinson attorneys, minneapolis office in 2025 wtr 1000partners david barnard, joel leviton and ruth rivard received individual recognition while the firm's minneapolis trademark practice earned a "bronze" designation.






stinson bank m&a attorneys advise on stearns bank holdingford sale to versabank
the transaction is valued at approximately $14 million and involved the acquisition of over $60 million in assets.







stinson's karl phares, rachel price recognized on inaugural commercial real estate power list
karl and rachel are two of 29 attorneys recognized by missouri lawyers media as the top commercial real estate attorneys in the state.








peoplepeoplesearchattorney directoryprofessional stafffirm leadershipcapabilitiescapabilitiespractices & industrieslegal project managementabout usabout usabout usrecognitionsdiversity, equity & inclusionpro bononews & insightsnews & insightsthe latestnewseventspublicationsblogssubscribelocationslocationsminneapoliskansas cityst. louisphoenixwashington, dcdallasdenveromahawichitatampanew yorkjefferson citybismarckcareerscareersbuilding your careerlateralsentry-level attorneyslaw studentsprofessional staffcurrent opportunitiessearchbutton

jump to page


search keyword













minneapolis
kansas city
st. louis
phoenix
washington, dc
dallas
denver
omaha
wichita
tampa
new york
jefferson city
bismarck



online payment

© 2025 stinson llp
terms of use
privacy
site map
site by firmseek


the choice of a lawyer is an important decision and should not be based solely on advertisements. past results do not guarantee future results. every case is different and must be judged on its own merits. 

we use cookies on our website to improve functionality and performance, analyze website traffic and enable social media features. for more information, please see our cookie policy.





