




sarasota orchid society






































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footersarasota orchid societyabout us

how to become a member


meetings and calendar

calendar
meeting minutes


special events

sos 2025 show and sale
2024 show and sale


programs & projects

sarasota orchid society’s scholarship program
mentoring program
the bhutan project is still alive!
the wild orchid man awakens


links & info

orchids we all should grow
aos florida north central judging center
orchid name pronunciation link
florida orchid societies


main content welcome
the sarasota orchid society is a non-profit society dedicated to the education, appreciation, and enjoyment of the many varieties of orchids.




recent news


february 2025 first place hybrid award


february 2025 second place hybrid award


february 2025 first place species award


february 2025 speaker’s choice and second place species award



 become a member
membership in the society is open to anyone interested in orchids and their culture.
join now


february 2025 first place hybrid awardrlc. thamai glory (rlc. chia lin ‘new city’ x rl. digbyana) grower: charlie bianco

february 2025 second place hybrid awardcattleya measuriana (c. aclandiae x c. walkeriana) grower: claudette belnavis

february 2025 first place species awardcattleya trianae grower: michael sinn

february 2025 speaker’s choice and second place species awardcattleya harrisoniana grower: bob heaton

tracie cady – president
this show and sale is a labor of love.  many people put so much effort, creativity, and time into bringing this event to life.  it’s truly special to see.
thank you to everyone who volunteered all year before that.  this show and sale is a ton of work and it wouldn’t be possible if we didn’t have so many people that loved it.


footerconnect with us
emailfacebookinstagram
sign-up for the newsletter
get the sarasota orchid society newsletter in your inbox every month with upcoming events, growing tips, and more.

  



sarasota orchid society copyright © 2025  
 







