




unclaimed monies held by government agencies























a singapore government agency website





 
























about us
ministries
organs of state
statutory boards
categories
advanced search













 











search





 











 



you can now search for unclaimed monies
related to tax refunds, monies due to pawners, creditors of insolvent estates and beneficiaries of estates of deceased persons here.











advanced search














                        about us
                    


                        this register publishes unclaimed amounts with singapore public sector agencies including ministries, organs of state and statutory boards.
                        the public sector agencies holding on to these monies would very much like to return the monies to the rightful owners,
                        but have not always been able to do so because they could not contact the owners despite repeated attempts to do so.
                    

                        the public sector agencies have already made reasonable efforts to refund the unclaimed monies. these efforts include sending reminder letters and checking with the relevant authorities for the official addresses of individuals or companies.
                    

                        if you have documentary proof that you are the rightful owner of the monies published, please approach the contact persons in the respective agencies.
                    


                            read more about us




make a claim





                                step 1: search
                            

                                search for a record of unclaimed monies due to you or your company
                            




                                step 2: click
                            

                                click on "make a claim"
                            




                                step 3: submit
                            

                                send your request to claim
                            




unclaimed monies under the ministry of law






                                    bankruptcy – official assignee
                                








                                    corporate insolvency - official receiver
                                








                                    deceased estate/cpf monies - public trustee
                                








                                    unredeemed pledges – registry of pawnbrokers
                                














accountant-general’s department






contact info


sitemap







report vulnerability
privacy
terms of use
reach



 © 2018 government of singapore. 









contact officer(s)

×







you selected the option to "make a claim"

×

                if the system did not open a pre-filled email for you to "make a claim", click here.
                






             
            
×

                1. click here  to copy the content for your unclaimed monies record.
                

                2. open a new email message in your email application, e.g. outlook.
                

                3. paste the content that was previously copied in step 1, into the body section of your new email message.
                

                4. indicate the email subject as: "please process my claim".
                

                5. indicate the recipient(s) as: 

6. you may close this message once you have sent the email to make a claim.







                welcome to the unclaimed monies home page of the government of singapore.
            

                the purpose of this site is to provide you with information on unclaimed monies
                held by government agencies, and information on how unclaimed monies are administered
                within the public sector.
            

                if you are searching for unclaimed monies please note the following points:
            



                        this website primarily contains information on unclaimed monies held by
                        government ministries and departments, and statutory boards where
                        appropriate. 




                        if your name (or other details) appears in the registers, it does not automatically
                        grant you a right to the unclaimed monies held. the appropriate documentary
                        evidence certifying your right to the money must be presented to the relevant
                        officer (of the government agency holding the money) before a proper refund
                        can be made.




                        the unclaimed monies records are posted after attempts to refund the monies
                        or to contact the owners are unsuccessful.
                    








                    this is a government of singapore website.



                    if you provide us with personally identifiable data
                    


 we may share necessary data with other government agencies, so as to serve you in the most efficient and effective way unless such sharing is prohibited by law.   
we will not share your personal data with non-government entities, except where such entities have been authorised to carry out specific government services.   

                            for your convenience, we may also display to you data you had previously supplied us or other government agencies.  this will speed up the transaction and save you the trouble of repeating previous submissions. should the data be out-of-date, please supply us the latest data.   





                    to safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data is secured with appropriate security technologies.
                    



                    this site may contain links to non-government sites whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours.  we are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those sites.
                    


                    please contact agd_qsm@agd.gov.sg if you :  

have any enquires or feedback on our data protection policies and procedures,  
need more information on or access to data which you have provided to us in the past. 











