


| holman moody|






















 

    	| history 
        | today
        | news 
        | gt mark ii 
        | hm mustangs 
        | services 
        | parts
        | memorabilia 
        | photos 
        | contact 
        | home
 


please be sure the products you purchase are real holman & moody items.
               there are a few people selling fake and poorly made copies of our decals and products on ebay. most of the new holman & moody decals, flags and such, 
               being sold on ebay are fakes. if you respect the history and quality of holman & moody products, please buy those items directly from holman & moody.
 we thank you for supporting our perfomance products and history for the last 67 years!
                we have just launched a new web site www.holmanmoody.net our shopping cart and items for sale have been move to this new site. click the line above to see the new site.
              
         











offering the best in ford performance.


holman & moody has just completed a new special 2024 mustang andperformance handling kits for the 2015 to 2024 mustangs.

click on this link to read more about performance plus handling

 holman & moody diecast models 
a number of new model diecast trucks and cars are being made with our logos.acme has produced the holman & moody fx mustang, ramp truck, tandem trailer and shop tools all in 1/18th scale.


 
            these holman & moody models are in stock ready to ship.  lee holman would be happy to sign the box if requested.
these holman & moody models are in stock ready to ship.  lee holman would be happy to sign the box if requested.
  we have just launched a new web site www.holmanmoody.net
 
            our shopping cart and items for sale have been move to this new site.
 click the line above to see the new site.


m2 has produced a drag mustang in 1/24th scale. 
 
      and a ford pickup in 1/64th scale.
      
 you can order your signed diecast models from holman & moody.
these holman & moody models are in stock ready to ship.  lee holman would be happy to sign the box if requested.
you can call our office to place your order by phone at (704)-583-2888 eastern time 
  we have just launched a new web site www.holmanmoody.net
 
            our shopping cart and items for sale have been move to this new site.
 click the line above to see the new site.

 we have a very large collection of diecast cars, race cars, trucks, planes, and trains. the collection has a large number of items that have been sold out for years.
every type of shelby mustang & cobras, trans am cars, limited addition shelby club cars and nascar cars as well. if your collection is missing an item, there is a good chance we will have one for sale.
click here to see our diecast model pages.

both the standard design 289/302 valve covers and competition 289/302 valve covers are in stock.
please call us at 704 583 2888 to place an order.our cast aluminum valve covers are made in america. this has become a problem because our cost for the valve covers have gone up 250% in the last two years.
after these are sold, we will have to change the design or make the parts over seas.  holman & moody wants to only make the best quality parts, but the customer has to be able to afford the products we make. 


decals & plates
 parts

 wall art-signs-banners
apparel

legendary new cars
brokerage services
 

modern hm mustangs
services
 


the holman & moody mark ii roadster is on display at or shop in charlotteplease call 704 583 2888 to get more information.
 


  holman & moody is a ford performance parts and blue thunder dealer. we would be happy to special order any of their products for you.



  our story 

  founded in 1957, holman &
                moody was for years the official racing contractor for ford motor company. we built and
                prepared the famous gt mark iis, a/fx mustangs, shelby cobras, falcons, 
                and stock cars. holman & moody won races in nascar, sports car races, drag racing, off road events,
                road rallys, hill climbs, and boat races all over the world.
                
                in 1968 and 1969 holman & moody won the championship in nascar with david pearson driving for the team.
                holman & moody 
                had the best drivers in the world; men like: fred lorenzen, mark donohue,bobby allison, ronnie bucknum, parnelli jones, ned jarrett, 
                walt hansgen, marvin panch, peter revson, david pearson, nelson stacy, al unser, 
                joe weatherly, cale yarborough, dan gurney, a. j. foyt, bo ljungfeldt,
                mario andretti, jim clark, junior johnson, dick hutcherson, augie
                pabst, richard petty, fireball roberts, curtis turner, and bobby 
                unser.
                 
                the race and rally cars built by holman & moody have won and continue to win at major tracks around the world. daytona, riverside, sebring, le mans, 
                tour de france, silverstone, nurburgring, goodwood, elkhart lake, reims, charlotte, mont-tremblant, watkins glen, lime rock and many others
                visit our history page to find out more about
                the history of holman & moody, the people who 
                made holman & moody great, and the products you can buy from holman &  
                moody and holman automotive. you will also find information about
                the new gt mark ii lemans race cars being built today in the
                holman & moody race shop.
                



 , ,  are registered trade-marks of holman & moody, inc.
 ford related trade-marks & logos are property of the ford motor company. 
questions 
                or orders, call  (704)-583-2888  or 
contact us via email
                fax number: (704)-583-2890 


hazardous material warning
warning warning

some products offered on this web site may contain chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer and reproductive harm.
 air filters, assembly oil, heat shields, decals, gaskets and other items shown may also contain other chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer. wash hands after handling. for more information, visit www.p65warnings.ca.gov.

  
© 
                1997 - 2024 holman & moody, inc. and holman automotive, inc.
                shop address: holman automotive inc.,
                9119 forsyth park drive, charlotte, nc 28273 

all rights 
          reserved.
          click here for terms & conditions. 
          



