


a comprehensive guide to the catskills ny - catskillpark.com - catskills ny - catskill mountains

























catskillpark.com - catskills ny

homepage
lodging guide










catskillpark.com - catskills ny
a guide to the catskill park and the catskills, new york state









catskillpark.com a comprehensive guide to the catskills ny
the catskill mountains, also known as the catskills are a mix of public and private owned land located in southeastern new york.
the catskill park was created in 1885, an area within the catskill region a 700,000-acre forest preserve forever protected from development under new york state law, a 1894 amendment to the new york state constitution (now article 14) directs:
"the lands of the state now owned or hereafter acquired, constituting the forest preserve as now fixed by law, shall be forever kept as wild forest lands. they shall not be leased, sold or
exchanged, or be taken by any corporation, public or private, nor shall the timber thereon be sold, removed or destroyed." the catskill park designated as "inside a blue line in four counties: delaware, greene, sullivan,
 and ulster." 
 another 5%+ is owned by new york city to protect four of the city's reservoirs in the region that lie partially within the park and their respective watersheds.

the catskills have ninety-eight peaks over 3,000 feet high and there are hundreds of miles of abandoned woods roads and state maintained trails to enjoy with lakes, rivers, springs, waterfalls, cliffs, fire towers, bears, deer, rattlesnakes and other wildlife, rare plants and animals.

wikipedia catskills






services



the catskill park
a brief history of the catskill park.



catskill summers
all the information you need to plan this summer's getaway.



catskill winters
all the information you need to plan this winter getaway - skiing - hiking and more.



lodging guide
hotels - motels - b&b's all the best places to stay in the catskills



hiking
hiking trails



camping
catskill camping guide






towns




phoenicia
woodstock
pine hill




hunter mtn
windham
tannersville








trout fishing
world class trout streams




the esopus creek is known as the birthplace for trout fishing







catskills pictures
wildelife and area attractions.
















									© catskillpark.com - hosted by lookseek.com search engine


















