






home • rancho solano preparatory school



















































 











		skip to content


rancho solano preparatory school









menu

 


about

mission & vision
accreditations
our campuses
leadership, faculty & staff
join our team


academics

pre-k & kindergarten
lower school
middle school
upper school
international baccalaureate
fine arts
college & guidance counseling
academic class trips


athletics

inside athletics
teams
facilities
forms & eligibility
sponsorship opportunities
camp information


admissions

how to apply
tuition & financial aid
boarding / international
request more info


student life

clubs
literary magazine/newspaper
after school enrichment programs
health & wellness
safety & security
summer programs


community

parent teacher organization
24-25 calendar
25-26 calendar
news
uniform, lunch & bus
philanthropy


request info












 













 







 search


search


 close this search box.











						lower campus: 
602.996.7002

upper campus: 
480.646.8200 









 




							my rsps						






























 

 






















 

















welcome to rancho solano preparatory school 











you will love the community we have built here. we cultivate in our students the ingenuity to thrive in a global society and to be architects of their future.rancho solano preparatory school is a pk-12 international learning community for high achieving students that offers a highly individualized education experience completely unique to the arizona market.  











latest news 


























				pegasus literary magazine wins highest honor in national realm contest			



																						
			february 7, 2025		


			we are proud to announce that pegasus, rancho solano’s student-led literary magazine, has been recognized as a realm first class ...		














				pegasus monthly, edition 4, 2024-25			



																						
			february 5, 2025		


			the editorial staff of pegasus monthly is excited to share the fourth issue of 2024-25! this edition is packed with ...		














				pegasus literary magazine wins first place in aspa competition			



																						
			january 23, 2025		


			rancho solano preparatory school is thrilled to announce that pegasus 2024, the school’s literary magazine, has earned first place in ...		
























read more
















quick facts 


















 




							location						


						scottsdale, arizona, usa					













 




							grade levels						


						pre k - 12					













 




							low student-teacher ratios for a personalized experience						


















 




							average teaching experience						


						14+ years					













 




							staff achievement						


						63% of faculty and administration hold a master’s degree or higher					













 




							additional opportunity						


						international baccalaureate diploma programme					





















about us















curriculum 



at rancho solano, our personalized academic curriculum — delivered by highly trained and passionate teachers — enables the development of students’ character, and the competitive edge needed to excel in college and beyond. 










 




							pre-k						


						nurturing confidence and a love of learning					









 




							lower school						


						laying a strong curricular foundation					









 




							middle school						


						learning to learn					









 




							upper school						


						deep critical thinking through academic challenge					


















 



rigorous academics 











we take a unique approach to teaching, ensuring that students experience an engaging series of lessons that are relevant to them and the world around us. 






academics overview



















 



global education 











our mission to cultivate in our students the ingenuity to thrive in a global society and to be architects of their future sets us apart from other valley schools. 






educational perspectives



















learn more 















a day in the life... 




 

 play video











lower school 




 

 play video















why choose our school? 




 








art in every heart 




 
















testimonials 


















						“we place a priority on academics and rancho solano has always been the community leader. there are several alternatives in the area but none of them provides the balance and the depth that rancho does. the education you get at rancho is real, measurable, and long-lasting.”					


proud parent 






						“if rancho didn't let me take both french and spanish, i wouldn't have discovered my passion for languages, which led to me minoring in arabic and spanish in college. the extended essay in the ib programme led me to my interest in global security and intelligence.” 					


alumnus 






						“i teach at rancho solano because of my belief in the educational value of a vibrant international learning community, enjoying the varied insights of students from around the world. i love the way our classes encourage muted voices to gain confidence in engaging in open discussion on issues facing us...” 					


faculty member 




 previous


 next














 








 




aboutmenu toggle

mission & vision accreditations our campuses leadership, faculty & staff join our team
academicsmenu toggle

pre-k & kindergarten lower school middle school upper school international baccalaureate fine arts college & guidance counseling academic class trips
athleticsmenu toggle

inside athletics teams facilities forms & eligibility sponsorship opportunities camp information
admissionsmenu toggle

how to apply tuition & financial aid boarding / international request more info
student lifemenu toggle

clubs literary magazine/newspaper after school enrichment programs health & wellness safety & security summer programs
communitymenu toggle

parent teacher organization 24-25 calendar 25-26 calendar news uniform, lunch & bus philanthropy
request info 

contact uscontact us 







 






contact us 















preschool – 5th grades5656 e greenwayscottsdale, az 85254usa6th – 12th grades9180 e via de venturascottsdale, az 85258usa 







phonelower school office:602.996.7002middle/upper school office:480.646.8200 






twitter
 



facebook-f
 



instagram
 














popular links 













menu




request info
about our school
academics
athletics
admissions
boarding
how to apply
my rsps











accreditations 











 



 



 












copyright © 2025 rancho solano preparatory school









sitemap 







website by keybridge web 






 

translate »

scroll to top









 


















































 

