






smith boilers





















































 260 n elm street westfield ma 01085


 833-265-5371

























home

commercial 

19he

28he rts (water)

28he (steam)



residential 

series 8he (discontinued)

gvx (discontinued)

gbx (discontinued)

gsx (discontinued)

gc160 (discontinued)



locate a sales rep

literature library

contact us

about us


























cast iron boilers









tough as iron

contact us today


















cast iron boilers






									commercial
									






								residential
								







find a rep







about us
smith cast iron boilers are known throughout north america for their rugged reliability, operating efficiencies and longevity. our products range from small residential boilers to the largest cast iron commercial boilers available in north america. typical applications range from homes and apartments up to very large institutional buildings such as schools, universities and government buildings.











products
commercial









19he series
smith 19he series boilers are ideal for light commercial hot water or steam heating systems.









28he rts (water)
smith cast iron boilers has taken the field-proven design of rts series commercial boilers to even higher levels of performance and efficiency with rts he series, high-efficiency boilers.









28he (steam)
smith cast iron boilers has taken the field-proven design of rts series commercial boilers to even higher levels of performance and efficiency with rts he series, high-efficiency boilers.






residential









gvx
the gvx gas-fired residential boiler combines application flexibility with high efficiency.









gbx
the smith gbx gas-fired residential boiler is designed to provide dependable, efficient heat.









gsx
the smith gsx gas-fired residential boilers are designed to provide dependable, efficient heat. 














since 1853 the name smith has been synonymous with hydronic heating equipment, specifically cast-iron boilers, in both the residential and commercial building markets.











the smith specifier
selecting and specifying a commercial boiler can be a time-consuming process. contractors need to make sure the boiler is the right size, properly rated, and can be wired and piped in an efficient manner while complying with various code requirements.
the smith heating pros specifier makes boiler selection easier than ever before. it's like having a smith technical expert at your fingertips. this valuable resource contains information, specifications and cad drawings for all commercial boilers. with this specifier, contractors and engineers can configure a boiler, burner and accessories, and also generate a custom specification and certification sheet.
launch specifier


















location

                        smith cast iron boilers
                        260 n elm street
                        westfield ma
                        phone : 833-265-5371
                    


social media






















© copyright 2021. all rights reserved.·
				terms & conditions
				·
				terms of use




































