







storybook champions home
































home
free previewpurchasetestimonialsabout the author/bookcontact                                   















storybookchampions.comimagine being the main character in one of themost inspiring, motivational and instructional sports stories of the year!sports offered by digital download program or online access:
basketball, soccer, baseball, tennis, football, golf and volleyball 








with over 75 pages in this digital educational book, "storybook champions" will inspire our young people to take action in their lives and help them to make better decisions with today's difficult challenges. loaded with motivational sports stories, this fantastic new book takes a personalized approach to developing character, attitude, values and awareness in our young people. recommended for children ages 5 to 15. each book also contains a special section on skill development for their selected favorite sport - delivered by their selected favorite athlete!you provide the personalized information for each child and then we create the magic:









name, gender, birth date










school - favorite teacher
parent's names
favorite sport - favorite athletebest friend's namecity and state












                    what people are saying about storybook champions...








"it's time to put the x-box and playstation away for a few hours and loose yourself in 'storybook champions!' i encourage parents to read this book with their kids. so many great lessons, examples and ideas to help your children become the best they can be!"


pete lewinski - ironwood, mi






"i am looking forward to purchasing the cd-rom when it comes available. this will make a great addition to my summer basketball camps. great story - great message! thank you!"


john anderson - norfolk, va






"you are really on to something here jamie. not only is this book creative and inspirational, it provides skill and attitude development with a powerful message... great, great job!"


dave elliott - cornell, wi






"as usual, great job with this. i was able to print off a story for my five year old and when i started telling him the story, his eyes lit up like it was christmas morning!"


jason newsham- wilson, nc






"absolutely phenomenal! i will be reading a lesson from this book to my homeroom each day for the next month! by personalizing so much of this story you immediately capture the readers attention and you want to read on. just outstanding!"


tony calo - osseo, wi






"what a great idea! right on the money! what a difference this information will make for many young athletes. great life lessons - thanks."

brenda ellis - custer, wa


















own your very own personalized copy of the storybook champions today!

with this new interactive online membership, you can create unlimited quantities of all seven sports that "storybook champions" offers for as many different individuals as you wish, right from your home computer, laptop or smartphone. this program allows you to create, view, print or e-mail your completed story. easy online membership access will have you creating your very own "storybook champions" in minutes! 

sports offered in our "members only" area: basketball, soccer, baseball, tennis, football, golf and volleyball 

internet connection is necessary for the online membership option and can be accessed on any computer or phone with internet access.

after purchasing, we will provide you with a link that will give you 24/7 access to our "members only" area where you can create unlimited storybook champions with the option to view, print or email completed story to family and friends.

$21.95 online program











contact storybook champions








thanks for filling out
                            the form!  we will be in touch shortly!
oops...! some
                            problem!






























send



















                    address
                

                    17 lakelands ave.                     greenwood lake, ny 10925



                    contacts
                
phone: 646-385-9393



                    email
support@storybookchampions.com











                        â© copyright 2022-23 storybook champions - all rights reserved
                    





















