









savitri l. bess - welcome to my website











icon caret-left



icon caret-right



instagram



pinterest



linkedin



facebook



twitter



goodreads



question-circle



facebook circle



twitter circle



linkedin circle



instagram circle



goodreads circle



pinterest circle














home


astrology book


blog


memoir


astrology readings


books


tapestries


contact







savitri l. bess
med, mfa

















broke down in the badlands

new blog
 
 
 
 












savitri


















about savitri

savitri is has been a devotee of amma, the hugging saint, for 32 years.  an astrologer, mentor, and author with a master's degree in counseling psychology and a master of fine arts degree in fiber arts, savitri has received national endownment for the arts and fulbright grants.
 
she is author of  the path of the mother: with the divine guidance of amma, and two magical realism biographical fiction novels: the sophia secrets and offer me a flower. 
 
for over 40 years, savitri has worked as mentor and astrologer. she has lived in ashrams for a good part of her adult life in usa and india, and she has lived in or traveled to countries around the globe.

















the path of the motherâ 








purchase the path of the mother  from amazon








purchase a kindle version of the path of the mother from amazon









love just happens...love is a sudden uprising in the heart. love is an unavoidable, unobstructable longing for oneness. --amma.










 
 












amma











 
 
 
 









the sophia secrets






















the story of an elder seeking enlightenment, with all the exciting obstacles along the way, including romance and helping a drug-troubled grandson.









recent review of the sophia secrets

"i just finished reading the sophia secrets!! it is so magnificent, my favorite fiction book now!! it is so full and satisfying, oh my! could hardly put it down..it had adventure, love, and chaos and indian philosophy ...a surprise ending... and was the old woman really amma in disguise ?" --alana woods, author of the song i hear, my life with music.









available from amazon









 
 ______________
 












































































welcome to my website


















astrology readings
what is your life purpose?   in an ever-changing world, how to navigate the good and the difficult times. 








blog: "broke down in the badlands"
picking up and leaving. driving my old subaru from maine, 3,500 miles, to washington. adventures along the way








living on the wild atlantic way in ireland
my life as an elder while living on the mystical green isle of ireland.








books: the path of the mother, the sophia secrets, and offer me a flower
including an excerpt from the sophia secrets








tapestry weavings
a pictoral view of my inner world.








contact savitri
i'll look forward to hearing from you. 








the path of the mother by savitriâ 














available at amazon










for the lover to wholeheartedly receive and welcome the beloved, pure love prepares the mind by chasing away all the enemies of love. this results in a constant flow of the lover's heart toward the beloved. --amma


























embracing the world
a documentary showing amma's signature embrace and her myriad projects to ease suffering in the world.












selected works by savitri l. bess 




books




the sophia secrets

a coming of old age story. a magical realism novel of mystery, romance, goddesses set in the village of southwest harbor, on the coast of "downeast" maine. 




the path of the mother

a six-stage journey with the great mother, framed by savitri bess's own years of devotion to the hindu mystic ammachi (mata amritanandamayi). 




offer me a flower

adventure, romance, in the tradition of quest literature. a fast-paced story set in the sonoran desert where coyotes play a magical role. 


magazine articles




the archetype of an elder

an astrological study using mythology  as metaphor


handmade books




the adventures of hickory stroogle 

hickory stroogle, a fantasy story set on an island in the hebrides (long before the islands were known by that name). 










quick links








authors guild
advocates for published authors since 1912





































loading…}





















