




 













iowa egg council, america’s top egg producer - the iowa egg council is a statewide producer-supported organization that was established in 1973















































 























search for

search criteria

all
recipe
blog

search


fair
recipes

cooking info


resources

health & nutrition
schools
egg research


farmers
about us
blog
contact
 




homeiowa is the #1 state in egg productioniowa is the number one state for egg production which means we are home to approximately 45 million laying hens which produce around 15 billion eggs a year! 






popular egg recipes
what’s trending
sunny’s pineapple fried rice






 eggs have 6 grams of protein!
eggs are a protein-packed breakfast that helps sustain mental and physical energy throughout the day.



eggs are rich in choline!
eggs are rich in choline, which is a weird word but it’s a “good weird” because choline promotes normal cell activity, liver function and the transportation of nutrients throughout the body.



the color of an egg!
the color of an egg is determined by the hen’s earlobe. brown and white eggs can be laid by white hens!


egg health & nutrition
learn more




quick links



resources
egg research
schools





eggsplore more on instagram





happy heart month, everyone! did you know that egg






happy valentines day! we love our eggs almost as m






our iowa egg farmers love giving back to their com






get those deviled eggs ready for game day! who you






the poultry industry takes pride in its role in fo






what kind of egg are you today?






did you know that egg yolks are packed with nutrie






make sure you are getting your vitamin d in during






vitamin d is a nutrient that is needed by all to f






some egg facts we love! keep your body healthy wit






on eggs from around the world this week we have lo






keep your resolutions going with some eggs! eggs h



 


load more






 follow on instagram








video gallery









newslettercontact8515 douglas avenue, suite 9urbandale ia 50322(515) 727-4701info@iowaegg.org



© 2025 iowa egg council
web design by farmboy

















