



abyss  : fall into it : welcome!






































j. michael straczynski



novels



babylon 5 tpbs



top cow tpbs



marvel tpbs



audio



recommendations


monica hübinette



book picks (a-f)



book picks (g-k)



book picks (l-w)



dvd picks (a-l)



dvd picks (m-t)



cd collection


fredrik hübinette



book picks



programming picks



game picks (fps)


jeffrey tsuruoka



book picks (b-h)



book picks (m-w)









complete inventory





















 please read our about us page for more details and information
 about the abyss.
 
 are you looking for comics such as rising stars, midnight nation or amazing spider-man?
 if so, visit the jms comics section of the abyss.
 



















 participate in our forums or
 read our old guestbook
 entries. our most recent feedback:
 












































	
 fall into the abyss! monica and
 fredrik hübinette have gathered their favorite
 books, music, videos, and more to share with you on this web site. there is quite a lot of 
 information and a diverse selection of items here so sit back, relax and stay awhile.
  
 this site is in a constant flux of changes and monica is working hard to update the content
 and implement the redesign she has created. please bear with us as some links may not always 
 work and pages may look different than this one. if you have difficulty navigating or have
 any questions for us, please don't hesitate to contact us.
 







^ top ^ | next >>









updated:
 9.27.2003



 it was bound to happen at some point -- a section of the site dedicated to the great maker
 himself! we have pages which have collected all his novels,
 b5 trade paperbacks, top cow tpbs,
 marvel tpbs, audio work, and
 book recommendations.
 






updated:
 11.13.2002



 her book picks have finally been converted to fit in with the new design and have been split
 across three pages: a-f, g-k and
 l-w. we just recently added a selection of her favorite
 dvds which we hope you will enjoy them as much as she does.
 there is also her cd collection
 available even though it hasn't been updated in quite some time and still in the old design.
 






updated:
 4.8.2003



 this is a small (and perhaps unusual) collection of mostly sci-fi books that he really enjoys.
 some of these monica has read too so you will find her reviews mingled in there as well. also,
 if you are a computer wiz like fredrik is, you may find his
 book picks for programmers interesting. finally, we are
 working on adding some new pages featuring his favorite games. take a look at his
 first person shooter game recommendations.
 






updated:
 1.10.2003



 these are some book selections from monica's best friend, jeff tsuruoka. he has had a huge
 influence on what she has enjoyed reading so his recommendations are provided here. it could
 probably be considered an "adult" section to some so you are warned. personally, i find the
 choices quite mild but definitely from a path less traveled.
 









updated:
 12.26.2003



 we both agree wholeheartedly that this is the absolute best tv series around! this is
 definitely the largest and probably the second most updated section of the abyss since
 jeremiah came along. there is a lot going on in j. michael straczynski's (the
 writer and creator of b5) career and this section covers such things as the numerous
 books and novels both those written in the b5 universe
 and those written outside it. don't forget to check out the
 music, videos,
 dvds, links and more!
 






updated:
 10.30.2003



 this is jms' newest tv show which is now airing on
 showtime. since showtime limits access to their site to
 us-ip addresses only and the official mgm site
 leaves much to be desired, it inspired monica to create this section here. it is chuck full of
 content such as news,
 exclusive features, cast
 list, episode guide,
 photo gallery, faq,
 shop and more!
 






updated:
 7.20.2003



 jms has been fortunate enough to have been given a chance to dip into the
 comic book realm. first, there was rising stars.
 then, there was midnight nation. finally, he stepped
 in and started writing for the amazing spider-man
 series. a new addition to this section has been jms' first foray into the comics field
 which started with the babylon 5 comics. there is also a
 summary page that explains them all in more detail.
 






updated:
 7.21.2003



 this is monica's favorite band. it has oodles of stuff. we recently updated this section and
 made it fit in with our new site look and navigation. there is information about their
 solo albums, toad albums,
 singles, soundtracks,
 videos, dvds and other miscellaneous
 items.
 






updated:
 8.6.2003



 banana yoshimoto is one of monica's favorite japanese authors. an entire section is devoted
 to this wonderful author. mostly it is because very little information about banana was
 available at the time and also because monica has so many book recommendations already that
 it is hard to fit it all in her book picks section. it highlights
 the five books that banana has translated into english:
 kitchen, n.p.,
 lizard, amrita
 and asleep.
 









^ top ^ | next >>



























mousepad("big j" logo design)


























search now:
 










 the abyss
       (powered by
 google)
 all www
       (powered by
 google)
 amazon.com
 amazon uk
 amazon
 canada




 





























powerful ebay sniping solutions.free auction templates























 visited: 534,878 times
 
 last modified:
 sep.20.2003 at 
 07:59 pst
 
 created:
 sep.8.1998
























amazon.com® 
  is a registered trademark of amazon.com, inc. all rights reserved. 
  more affiliate info

 
 please read our privacy statement for more 
 information.
 
 visit the site index if you get lost.
















content and design ©1997-2025 monica hübinette - about us - contact 
    us



