



  




































nugget markets


skip to main content




on sale
locations
order



let’s cook
about
careers
 menu






											select your home store…
									



corte madera
davis, covell
davis, mace
el dorado hills
elk grove
novato
roseville, blue oaks
roseville, pleasant grove
sacramento, florin
tiburon
vacaville
west sacramento
woodland


food 4 less, woodland
fork lift, cameron park
sonoma market



an extraordinary grocery experience



sale
savings all week long…






weekly specials
see what’s on sale this week to find all sorts of delicious deals at your local store!







sign up
great meals and amazing deals, including our exclusive secret special in your email!





locations
sixteen locations serving northern california.








all locations
view all of our nugget markets, fork lift, sonoma market and food 4 less stores.







our store directors
keep your eyes peeled for these folks!


aisle listings
a complete listing of what is on every aisle at every store






events
come say hi to us at your community events.






order
order online, pick up in store!









								gourmet to go							
fresh, convenient catering platters












								the cake store							
click. click. cake!









								lunch boxes							
perfect pairings packed for a perfect picnic.









								signature meals to go							
a delicious dinner is as good as done!







gift cards
order online, ship where ever you like.





view our take-away menus


sandwich menu
specialty sandwiches available at all of our locations.


coffee & juice bar menu
coffee, juices, smoothies and açaí bowls from our coffee bar.





let’s cook
recipes, pairings, kitchen hacks and more…






recipes
get cooking with hundreds of delicious recipes fit for any occasion.







the daily dish blog
perfect pairings, kitchen hacks and other tantalizing trivia.







the field guide
your trusty companion for unlocking the wonders of nugget markets.





about








about
family owned and operated since 1926, nugget markets has been offering an extraordinary grocery experience since the very beginning.











contests
over $22,000 in prizes given out this year!







lifestyle icons
how to identify special products in our stores.







fresh to market
our house-brand focused on unique products developed with local producers.











departments
learn about what makes our stores special







sustainability
committed to working towards a greener, more sustainable future every day.







community
supporting local non-profits and causes since 1926!


















weekly specials
see what’s on sale this week to find all sorts of delicious deals at your local store!









sign up
great meals and amazing deals, including our exclusive secret special in your email!













weekly meal planning
plan your week’s cooking with these delicious recipes featuring ingredients on special! check out our weekly specials to see what’s on sale now, and sign up to receive our secret special so you never miss a deal. get planning!











daily dish blog and special announcements













the language of flowers
february 12, 2025

throughout history, flowers have been used to send a variety of messages ranging from love and forgiveness to passion and despair. while many specific blooms carry their own meanings, the fact of the matter is, the hue often has more to do with the meaning than the type. read on to learn what the rainbow of flowers can mean in your bouquet! continue reading … 













love is in the cards
february 11, 2025

from gift cards to greeting cards, check out some of the premium valentines we offer courtesy of papyrus, and how you can score a little extra dough for yourself with our latest gift card promo… continue reading … 













petite treats
february 10, 2025

whether it’s valentine’s date night, a galentine’s gathering, or simply a little solo self-care, sometimes a little bite of something sweet is all you need. take a moment to slowly savor the taste and texture of these ready-to-eat delights, perfect for one, two, or a few! continue reading … 




all blog posts









weekly specials
sign up
locations
order
careers
the daily dish blog
recipes
vendor info
newsroom
contact us













 we don’t sell your personal information. learn how we protect and respect the privacy of our guests.
copyright © 2025 nugget market, inc. all rights reserved.






