







debbie rich ministries











































top



















































cart
















0






sign in
my account




















              home
            

              about us
            

            our team
          

              what we believe
            

            testimonies
          

            blog
          

              now what
            

            events
          

            listen
          

            contact us
          

            store
          

              give
            












































sign in
my account






















































cart
















0











homeabout usour teamwhat we believetestimoniesblognow whateventslistencontact usstoregive


















scroll








 “the gates of hell are powerless against the advancement of the kingdom of god!”









 

where will we be next?

























the ministries of dr. debbie rich are working to bring revival to the church and jesus to the world. it is our heart to see everyone changed  by the love and power of jesus christ!we are a ministry full of vision!  we have a burning desire to win the lost at any cost. the bible says  "ask of me, and i shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession". looking at biblical prophecy and the signs of the times, we have a very short time period to see the harvest of souls come into god's kingdom. therefore, we will do all that god shows us to do, including various outreaches into the community and the state.   bringing the fire of revival to the local church and the global mission field.

 




 

“the fire of god is about having a passion for god and compassion for his people.”dr. debbie rich

   







 











in all of our services at a debbie rich ministries event, we love to worship god and take our time with the worship service.  the words to a modern praise song is our theme.  the song says:  "…anything can happen and it probably will, something very good is going on around here!"  this is what you can expect in a service - for god to show up and for anything to happen, including miracles! here's what to expect in our main services:everyone is welcome. you don't have to be a christian. no ticket is required.god will move mightily with signs and wonders confirming his word. we don't believe in a stuffy, "religious" atmosphere, but prepare an atmosphere where his presence is welcomed to heal bodies and families, and restore the souls of broken people.you will hear challenging teaching from the bible with a focus on jesus, the holy spirit and faith. it will change your life, your family, and our world. we believe there is hope, one person at a time. you are free to come as you are, but expect to leave changed. god's word and his presence is all about changing us, giving us hope, healing us, and causing us to become all that we were created to be. we are streaming our services so that many who cannot come to a meeting can still be a part. we would love to welcome you as you visit us at any of our events world-wide!  we look forward to meeting you!

  




 

invest in the gospel




    give today
  



—visit drm store




    shop here
  

 









about intro



mission and about us



quote



our services



join






















































debbie rich ministries
13194 us hwy 301 s ste 107,
riverview, fl 33578
(360) 999-7672
info@debbierichministries.org


hours




contact useventsgivinghome




powered by squarespace









