



k-9 uk the ultimate in personal protection dogs




































































welcom
o k-9 uk
the ultimate in personal protection
dogs.... we hope you enjoy your visit 





 
  
welcome to k-9 uk. i hope
you find our site both interesting and informative.
please continue to tour our site.
k-9 uk is a family run
business and operates from south west of england. (cornwall)
we specialize in training
personal protection dogs and have many years experience in owning and
training a wide verity of dogs. we train dogs for personal protection
for individuals and for professional clients.

why not look at our
security page.
security service for private residential estates, events, mobile dog
patrol,
site
patrol, and more. for more details please click
here
www.k9securityservice.co.uk

we have all heard about
people saying! my dog as not been trained in personal protection work,
but i know if someone attacked me my dog would protect me, well, 99% of
cases this is just not true,most dogs will show avoidance and runaway
and leave their handlers and protect themselves.

why
are we talking about personal
protection dogs, well, we are
living in the 21st century and society is changing. when we look back
25/30 years ago we could all go out and leave our doors unlocked and
open,
we all felt safe walking down the street or going for a jog in the park
knowing we would be safe, well that was then.
now the world is getting more and more security conscious
and people
are feeling more and more threatened. a protection trained dog is an
asset in today's world. not only is a dog a worthy device, it does
discourage the bad people who live in our society. having a personal
protection dog creates a measure of owner control in a naturally
protective dog. most people have a busy life style and a trained dog
can handle this.
having a personal protection dog can give you peace of mind
knowing
that yourself, family and home will be protected from intrusion. a
well trained dog is the number 1 crime prevention available. there are
no
wires to cut, no foaming up alarm boxes, no turning off alarms. you
will have instant protection.


k9 uk offers expertly trained
dogs that will give you the peace of mind
you deserve. we offer a choice of dogs and training that meets your
needs. 
if you are wishing to look at other sites for a personal protection dog
then why not have a look at 
http://www.policedogsrus.com
our services is offered with complete
discretion and confidentiality.
k9 uk can now offer a call out service to assess your dog for personal
protection. 

 call us 


tel office: 01792 883395 / 0870
3210961 
mobile: 07798 500390 
  
 
  

 

we only feed our dogs on arden grange




 
         
                                                             
      







 



  




  
 
 






 






copyright ©
2004
k9uk.co.uk all rights reserved - chameleon hosting
 








 


