








    act products and services | act
  
































skip to content
act.org,actprofile.org,act.org,actstudent.org,act.alertline.com,services.actstudent.org,career4.successfactors.com,engage.act.org,discoveractaspire.org,qc.vantage.com,myworkkeys.act.org,twitter.com,facebook.com,youtube.com,plus.google.com,linkedin.com,preview.act.org,workreadycommunities.org,pearson.com,instagram.com,actaspire.org,run2.careerready101.com,run2.keytrain.com,leadershipblog.act.org,my.act.org













toggle navigation
menu
menu



open search form






start your journey 

plan for college and career 
take the act 
school and district assessment 
career-ready solutions 







students & parents 


k-12 


workforce 


higher ed 


blogs 




open search form





myact















search

search site...








close search









other act services and products
























      
       our products. your solutions. 
    
helping people achieve education and workplace success





            
            order or sign in
            



























      
       select your role below or browse below for the full suite of act solutions for individuals, schools, and districts. 
    


















            
            students/parents
            
            
          














            
            k-12 professionals
            
            
          

























            
            higher ed
            
            
          














            
            workforce
            
            
          














            
            international
            
            
          






































      
       assessment solutions for schools and districts 
    


































      
       the act 
    
the leading us admissions test, measuring what students learn in high school to determine academic readiness for college.
the act taken in school
the national act test






















 preact assessments 

offers 8th-10th graders the opportunity to practice for the act® test with a shortened version of the test and provides scores aligned to the act score scale.
 






















 mosaic by act social emotional learning 

a comprehensive sel program with everything educators need to develop skills that underpin academic success.























 act workkeys 

comprehensive program that aligns, builds and certifies the skills needed for workplace success.
















		 
	



















 act online prep 

helps students prepare for the act test, featuring real questions from previous tests.























 act enrollment management 

a suite of programs designed to provide clear and accurate measures of student abilities, interests, needs, and enrollment preferences.























 act on-campus (residual) testing 

available to act-participating colleges to administer the act to students who were unable to test on an act national testing date.























 global assessment certificate (gac) 

an internationally recognized university preparation program for students who do not have english as their first language.

































      
       services for schools and districts 
    


































 act instructional mastery 

provide your educators with formalized training in a holistic understanding of the act test. 





















 act training and professional learning 

offers a variety of delivery modes that enable participants to choose training methods and timeframes that meet their needs.




















 english language programs (elp) 

for learners from a non-english speaking background who wish to learn how to use english effectively in both general and academic contexts.























 credentialing advisory services 

provides strategies to ensure that the workforce programs you develop will help achieve your goals.


























      
       learn more about statewide access to act solutions in the classroom 
    








            
            learn more about statewide access
            
            
          

































students & parents


k-12 professionals


higher education


workforce


international






about act


careers


events


solutions & services


state & federal programs






act blogs 


research 


for the media 


sign in 


contact 







      © by act education corp. all rights
      reserved.
      terms of use





instgram


tik tok


twitter


facebook


linkedin


youtube






privacy policy|


vendors|


report cheating|


ethics|


accessibility|



















×


this action will open a new window. do you want to proceed?



ok


cancel









×












×
welcome to act


if you are accessing this site from outside the united states, puerto rico, or u.s. territories, please proceed to the non-u.s. version of our website.


close  
					go
















top

