









mckenzie family funerals – caring for the families of the wheatbelt


































 
















        





home
current services
testimonials
funeral & memorial services
pricing
tributes
monumental works
book online
about us
contact










home
current services
testimonials
funeral & memorial services
pricing
tributes
monumental works
book online
about us
contact












    














the loss of a loved one is difficult and confusing.  mark & toni mckenzie from mckenzie family funerals are here to help you. our experience and our genuine care will assist in guiding you through each step of the necessary arrangements. please take the time to browse the rest of our site for lots of additional information that may assist you.










about us






compassion and support


mark & toni truly believe every life deserves to be honoured and celebrated. we work really hard to fulfill your requests and to carry out the final wishes of your loved one.
we pride ourselves on delivering personalised services which are especially meaningful for family and friends. at mckenzie family funerals we support our clients in the same way we would support our own family – with care, compassion and understanding.
it really is ‘your local family caring for your family’.  



  



get in touch
































“toni and mark,  you are both extraordinary people doing an amazing job and you made our sad experience into something very special in which i’m sure uncle bill would agree.
i cannot fault your business ethics, empathy and kindness from the beginning to the end.
i wish you all the best in your business and i would like to say merredin is extremely lucky to have you both.’
 


– margie cooper –




  


























our comprehensive services


what we do


they say people live on as long as there is someone left to remember them.
 mckenzie family funerals provide services and resources designed to help support our community to not only commemorate a life well lived, but also to create a lasting monument to reflect your love.





  







funeral and memorial services


completely personalised













monumental
works


from your concept to completion













prepaid funeral
planning


your funeral, your way.




























planning & preparation











  
















thinking ahead – prearrange your funeral
the compassionate staff at mckenzie family funerals are experts at making you feel comfortable thinking about those difficult questions. we know it’s not easy, but we’re here to help begin planning when you’re ready.  this is not what we call a ‘prepaid funeral’….this is just a service we offer to you to assist you with planning the type of service you would like to see happen for your funeral.  we know how hard it can be to make decisions and focus on the details. that’s why we’re here to guide you on this journey. at mckenzie family funerals you’ll benefit from the experience and wisdom of our caring staff.  once you’ve decided on what you want – we keep your plans on file here at our office and access them when they are required.
this way – you get to have what you want.






  

















advanced planning – prepaid funeral plans


there is no right or wrong way to say goodbye. we’ll help you and your family create a fitting event that is personal, meaningful and dignified, and carried out with the highest level of support and care.  a prepaid funeral plan allows you decide and pay for your service in preparation for when the time comes.  
most people we speak to find a prepaid funeral plan to be a great relief for them – they don’t want to burden their families with the cost of a funeral and so embrace the idea of sorting it all out in advance.  often, families are so relieved when they know that everything has been arranged and they are not left with overwhelming decision making at a time they are often feeling sad and overwhelmed.

please click on this link to find more information about our prepaid funeral planning service

























  
mckenzie family funerals
copyright © 2023 all rights reserved. 
pricing details
 


address: residential address
10 fifth street, merredin, wa, 6415.

postal address
po box 15, merredin, wa, 6415.






contact us office: 08 9041 1054 (all hours)
mark:  0438050692  (all hours)
toni:   0401481561     (all hours)








 
 



















