










curry | commercial real estate and apartment management services kc




















































javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



skip to content





login:

commercial cafe
residential cafe
employees









 






home
about us
commercial
multi-family
case studies
news
contact
 

















200 plus years of combined services
we are a team with 200 plus years of combined services so we know how to treat your asset, or home, like it is our own and we do so with the highest level of professionalism. our brokers are licensed. our property managers are certified. 

the curry way








it's about community
curry is a roll-up-you-shirt sleeves, break-a-sweat, make-a-difference-now kind of community member. the company's heart for services is rooted in its core values.

community engagement








innovative, creative and growing
we are ready to assist in growing your portfolio. let us bring our 90 plus years of business experience to your project.

the curry way








highest standards of excellence
we bring full accountability to every relationship, carrying out our work with the highest standards of excellence, integrity and transparency.  we’ve been invested in our communities, serving our clients, for a long time. family-owned since 1924, our roots run deep and relationships matter.










curry real estate services
a full-service commercial real estate broker and property management company serving the kansas city area that manages, leases, sells and provides consulting services for commercial and multi-family properties.







commercial



view our commercial properties




multi-family



view our multi-family properties




case studies



check out our case studies




community



giving back to the community means a lot to us











property spotlight










































see all properties











meet our team 

















ellen
todd








816-414-5227


*protected email*








louis
lipari








816-414-5213


*protected email*








dan
 sweeney








816-414-5226


*protected email*








chris
todd








816-414-5215


*protected email*
















news & events 










 

01/23/2025


30 year anniversary for tina miller
                  sometimes your future is right under your nose. or next door, in tina miller’s...                



01/13/2025


curry’s dan sweeney earns cpm® designation
                  dan sweeney, vice president/commercial for curry real estate services, recently earned the cpm® (certified...                





01/27/2025
matt pepper joins the northland community foundation advisory board



















read all testimonials 



we rank curry real estate services at the top

we wanted to take a moment to express our gratitude for the working relationship we have developed with your company. over the years we have had the opportunity to work with a lot of the individuals in your organization. everyone there has been easy to deal with and very efficient, from bidding for jobs all the way to getting paid. we do quite a bit of work with commercial property managers and we rank curry real estate services at the top of our working relationships. thanks again for making dealing with your company so easy.


mark weber,
weber's tree service, president























serving the kc metro since 1924


kansas


																									overland park																								

																									merriam																								

																									shawnee																								

																									kansas city																								

																									leavenworth																								



missouri


																									kansas city																								

																									independence																								

																									kearney																								

																									gladstone																								

																									parkville																								

																									lee’s summit																								

																									blue springs																								

																									smithville																								

																									riverside																								

																									grandview																								

																									pleasant valley																								






contact us
2700 ne kendallwood pkwy gladstone, mo 64119

(816) 414-5200


email us









©2025 - all rights reserved, curry real estate services





back to top








