




















stories and destinations of the american west - americanwesttravel.com




















































main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content




toggle navigation






home
articles 

articles on the american west
divider
alaska adventures
arizona
california
colorado
idaho
montana
nevada
new mexico
north dakota
oregon
south dakota
utah
washington
wyoming
divider
american west roadside stop series
glacier national park
grand canyon national park
grand teton national park
petrified forest national park
yellowstone national park


travel guides 

travel guides for the american west
divider
anasazi indian ruins guide
northern arizona
southern arizona
best in the west guide
bryce canyon national park
california central coast
california north coast (bay area)
canyonlands/four corners
colorado/montana
southwest colorado
death valley area
glacier/waterton lakes national parks
grand canyon national park
grand staircase-escalante national monument
grand teton national park
historic route 66
lake powell/glen canyon
las vegas area
monument valley
paria canyon/vermilion cliffs
sedona & oak creek canyon
south dakota – mt. rushmore/black hills
southern utah/grand staircase-escalante
wyoming
yellowstone national park
zion national park – hiking the zion narrows


contact us
 




home









 


stories and destinations of the american west 






glacier/waterton lakes travel guide

updated resource for those planning to tour glacier national park and/or canada’s waterton lakes national park. located respectively in northern montana and southern alberta the adjacent national parks are typically visited at the same time and offer some of north america’s most spectacular mountain ranges and most beautiful lakes. in 1932, the united states and canada designated these two national parks together as the waterton-glacier international peace park, a symbol of their longtime peace and friendship. both parks offer outstanding opportunities to view wildlife and a wide variety of recreational activities. more…



arizona deserts

petrified forest revisited

new our brief thanksgiving route 66 tour brought us to petrified forest national park where we had not visited since 1999. quite a few changes have taken place: substantial acreage has been added to the park, there is more backcountry access for visitors, a series of “off the beaten path” unmarked trails …our featured hike this trip was the unique and colorful blue mesa trail.  more…
more petrified forest articles



california central coast

the elephant seals of piedras blancas

the elephant seal is the largest of all pinnipeds, with the largest males reaching 5,000 pounds. in the autumn and winter the piedras blancas rookery teems with thousands of these incredible creatures, making it one of the world’s finest wildlife viewing locales. it is also an easy roadside stop with parking along the pacific coast highway. more…


new regular feature

american west roadside stops
our american west roadside stop series  is back online. it features attractions on the side of the road or close by which require only a quick visit to enjoy. new sites will be added regularly.

hoover dam 
new red mtn. mining district
new holbrook, arizona – a route 66 town
american west roadside stops (the complete list)




special guest feature

reminiscences of a river rafting photographer
our friend, professional photographer and veteran grand canyon river rafter, john blaustein, has announced the third edition of his classic book, the hidden canyon: a river journey. we are featuring his original 2000 article, generously updated by john with several new photos from the third edition. find out what it’s really like to raft the grand canyon! more…


return to the grand canyon!

the rock art of shamans’ gallery
 after 24 years of recovering from our last grand canyon expedition, we finally returned in april, 2014. we accompanied ken johnson’s rock art club to shamans’ gallery in tuckup canyon located in the remote and desolate far western section of grand canyon. this is a spectacular rock art site, with many life-sized figures. the artwork may be over 3,000 years old… more… (note: see special report on ken johnson elsewhere on this page.)




yellowstone / grand teton travel guides

updated our yellowstone national park  and  grand teton national park travel guides have been substantially revised and updated. find up-to-date information on various outdoor activities and where to make reservations for lodging or find camping in and around these popular parks.

yellowstone lodging / yellowstone camping
grand teton lodging / grand teton camping



glacier national park road trip

3,500-mile, 19-day journey to adventure

 our september trip featured hiking the backcountry of glacier national park with some of the most fantastic scenes in the american west.

road trip journal
more articles…
updated glacier national park travel guide




special report: kenneth w. johnson

remembering the “rock art buff extraordinaire”
 our long-time friend and collaborator, ken johnson, passed away suddenly at the age of 69. after a long military then professional career, ken retired to las vegas and developed an amazing passion for rock art. he spent his final years traveling the most remote highways and byways of the southwest seeking out and documenting rock art sites. he showcased his excellent rock art photography (his photo, left) at vegastraces.com which covered the mojave desert region. two years ago, he moved to kanab, utah and began documenting rock art of the colorado plateau with plans for a new website, kanabtraces. sadly, he passed just as we were starting this project. we hope to eventually complete it for him. rest in peace, ken johnson.













recent features we really like


kicks on historic route 66america’s most beloved highway. this is a diverse multi-part story with many great photos!
monument valley navajo tribal park, arizona/utahsome of the southwest’s most famous and unusual scenery. the high desert landscape on the border of arizona and utah is a fantastic wonderland…
lower antelope canyon, arizonabecome a superstar photographers for a day by visiting upper and lower antelope canyon, exquisite “slot canyons”, abounding with fantastic and easily accessible photo opportunities.
the wave, arizona/utahyou need to get lucky to visit the magnificent wave in coyote buttes north of the vermilion cliffs wilderness, one of the world’s most well-known and surreal landscapes.
remote adventure at coyote buttes south, arizonathe companion site to the more famous wave, the adjacent coyote buttes south features an exciting drive on remote roads and at-large exploration of an untrailed wilderness.
the rock art of horseshoe canyon, utaha detached section of canyonlands national park in utah, features some of the world’s greatest rock art
valley of fire state park, nevadanevada’s valley of fire preserves a starkly beautiful section of the mojave desert noted for its brilliant red sandstone formations and spectacular sunsets. 



recommended classic stories


grand canyon backpackour classic feature describing our most exciting adventure has been updated and revised.
wings of freedom tourthis popular tour features three of the most famous combat aircraft from world war ii, all of them flyable.
ute mountain tribal park, coloradospectacular anasazi cliff dwellings and rock art.
manzanar national historic site, californiawhen fear was stronger than justice
bodie, californiathe west’s best ghost town
the trail to utah’s rainbow bridgeit is still possible to capture the romanticism and adventure of visiting rainbow bridge by hiking overland, following the footsteps of the early adventurers.
trinity site, new mexicoa visit to the world’s first “ground zero”.
upper antelope canyon, arizonaconsidered by many to be the most beautiful and photogenic slot canyon in the world.
touring betatakin & keet seel ruins, arizonanavajo national monument in northern arizona offers guided tours of two outstanding cliff dwellings dating to the 13th century, betatakin and keet seel. read my recently discovered journal which describes both tours in complete detail.


 





follow us on 




search 




travel articles / photos for more travel ideas, or simply for general interest, please visit our other websites:

landscapes of the american west - features some of our best photos.
vegastraces.com - rock art adventures near las vegas. beautiful photography.

  









great destinations in the american west americanwesttravel.com offers commentary and information on great travel destinations in the american west,
accompanied by thousands of beautiful photographs. our focus is on outdoor recreation and beautiful scenery, 
but we also include many cultural, educational, historical and lifestyle features, in order to show the 
diversity of the american west. 

follow us on 




share your story, be a guest author

the background panoramas at the top of our pages change when you go to a different page. they include:


valley of fire at sunset (red/golden mountains)
crater lake national park
the wave, vermilion cliffs wilderness
south coyote buttes, colorful 4wd trip


site maphome
articles on the american west
travel guides for the american west
contact us
how to use this site the menu bar at the top of each page offers three navigation options. click on any option with a caret for a drop-down list.
articles. this option breaks down all the  articles on this website by category and state, as also shown above.
travel guides. this option displays all of our travel guides. they provide a great level of detail and are very useful for trip planning.




copyright © 1996-2025 asa consultants, inc., all rights reserved. read our privacy policy, disclaimer, sales terms, return policy, and conditions.











