


wbf master points 














home

find 
          a player

show events

changed titles

titled players

players by country

master point rules







wbf master points 

home page

this site shows wbf masterpoints up to november 2023 please see the main wbf website for later points







 current wbf rankings 


 
 


open ranking by master points
open ranking by placing points


womens ranking by master points
womens ranking by placing points


mixed ranking by master points
mixed ranking by placing points


youth ranking by master points
youth ranking by placing points


senior ranking by master points
senior sgm ranking


 
 


wbf on-line ranking
wbf robot master point ranking


 
 


historical ranking by pp and any year
ranking  by mps by country


 
 


stats & info
 


pre - 2002 deceased player records rebuilt with all time rankings


gold medals won by players by tournament
gold medals won by country 


medals won all-time report
 


explanation of types of masterpoints:
wbf mp are awarded for conventional bridge played physically at the table and there are 5 types, open, women, senior, mixed     and youth.
wbf pp are awarded to the top places in conventional bridge played physically at the table events run by the wbf there are 4 types, open, women, mixed and youth it is only with pps that a player can achieve world life master or world grand master status.
wbf year points are awarded to events played physically at the table run by other organisations that are approved by the wbf, they can be converted to wbf mp at the rate of 100 yp = 1 mp
wbf on-line bridge points are awarded for on-line playing of bridge  events that the wbf licence.
wbf robot points are awarded for the wbf on-line robot tournament.
updates:
2019: wbf youth master points have been created along with youth titles and placing points. previously youth evens were awarded a small number of open master points. because of the growing participation of youth events it is felt that having their own scale of points would encourage further players.



youth groups are as defined by the wbf


under 35


under 26


under 21


under 16



rules




all under16s get a ‘taking part certificate’ at the event.
after 35 years old a player’s existing youth master points are converted at the rate of 10 - 1 to wbf master points. placing points are not converted.
youth master points are reduced by 15% each year.

 




















titles:





youth world grand master - 10 pp and win a world youth championship


youth world life master - 5 pp or won a world youth championship


youth world international master - 350 youth master points


youth world master - 150 youth master points





youth titles are permanent



 
2017: the wbf master point admin system has had a major update, not only to allow for the new mixed ranking and titles but also to remove some inconsistencies. this has meant that some player mp totals will have changed as they are now recalculated on each update, but none of the previous allocated titles have changed.
following a ruling by the wbf executive the master point information from the  world championships in wroclaw, poland 2016 has been updated.
this mini web site is to show the latest master point information held
  by the world bridge federation.

  these points are awarded to only to wbf organized events and some events held by other organizations under licence from the wbf. 
changes to wbf master point system:
march 2017 - major update to master point admin system and web site to allow for a new ranking of mixed to be created. all points earnt playing in mixed events will go towards this ranking and the new mixed awards.

14 oct 2014: changes made to master point awards from bali because of executive judgement.

please note changes to master point
      system decided in sao paulo:
1. clarification of how ranking from 4th  downwards is arrived at for team events.

it was agreed that for events with a complete round robin that the final round  robin ranking would be used to arrive at positions from 5th  downwards. it was also agreed after some discussion that the placing points for  the 5th place for the world bridge series, world knockout teams (  open and women ) should be extended to 8th place.

2. online master points 

it was decided that points should be available for 10  board events rather than the current minimum of 12. it was agreed to award 5  wobp for 8 to 11 board events.

3. clarification of the one-third  qualifying rule for team events in the case of a team conceding.

if we assume team a is playing team b and team b concedes.  then the one third rule will not apply to team a and all players are deemed to  have played the correct number of boards for that round. if any players in team  b have not played sufficient boards to qualify for master points for that round  then they will not be awarded these.

4. the master point tables for the world  junior championship and the world youngsters team championships have been  adjusted to award more master points for these events.
5. it was also felt that to maintain the  balance of mp allocation between events that the world youth team championships  allocation should be reduced.
6. the senior bowl now should have  senior master points awarded to the teams qualifying in the qualifying zonals.

 
adjustments to master point allocations for 2009 

  please note that the rankings are sometimes shown as equal to other
  pairs/teams; this is because the master point allocation is the same
  for a range of placings. also in some wbf zonals there are zonal winners
  as well as the top players; these zonal winners are allocated a small
  number of master points but their ranking is shown as either 0 or 'zone-winner'.

  for a more detailed explanation please see the 'master point rules'
  pages of this web site.
changes for 2023
  2023: because of the lack of a world championship in 2020  and 2021 due to the covid situation, the wbf masterpoint committee has decided  not to apply the normal 15% reduction in masterpoints for each of these years.  2022 will have the reduction applied as previously.

mark newton
    february 4, 2025



  







