











huntersville family fitness and aquatics center - where greatness grows

















































































 















address11725 verhoeff dr, huntersville, nccall us704-766-2222working hoursmonday-friday, 9am-8pmcall us now980-221-7601 









loginregister







 



 
 


 



member informationfitness & aquatic classes – master schedulehomeabout usyouthsummer camps (2025)birthday partieschild careyouth exercisefitnesspersonal trainingtriathlon trainingwellness library (youtube)aquaticsschedulegroup exercise scheduletraining and certificationoutdoor splash padswimmac carolinaswimmac swim lessonscarolina dive academygroup exerciseschedulehffa strongrock steady boxingmorethe energy barmembershipcareersnews & eventscontacthoursdirections
 














where greatness grows 
							the premier fitness and swim club 
							learn more 
							
 


achieve your goals 
							the premier fitness and swim club 
							learn more 
							
 


something for everyone 
							the premier fitness and swim club 
							learn more 
							
 


learn more 
							
 





fitnessthe fitness department offers a variety of options. with state-of-the-art gym equipment and weekly group exercise classes, hffa has something to meet the needs of everyone.
about fitnessaquaticshffa is the only public facility in the southeast with an olympic-sized, 50-meter competition pool and 10-meter dive tower. the space hosts aquatic events for regional, national, and world-class swim and dive competitions.
about aquaticsyouththe youth zone provides a number of options for young hffa members. explore services like child watch, kid keepers, fitness programs, birthday parties and more!
about youthgroup exercise classesview current fitness and aquatic classes available at hffa! 
fitness classesaquatic classesfull schedulenews & eventscheck here for our latest news and events!
hffa newsmembership
whether you are new to the area or ready to do something for yourself come in and take a personal tour of our facility to let us introduce you to all we have to offer you and each member of your family.

about membershipfamilywe have fun for the whole family! dropping by for a family member, but don’t want to work out? we have a coffee shop to keep you occupied while you wait. fitnesswe have fitness options for everyone. our amenities include a lap pool, water group classes, a fitness center, fitness group classes, and personal training. no matter how you like to work out, we have something for you!funour philosophy is to make your experience enjoyable! our team is trained to go above and beyond for our members.
visithffawhere greatness grows11725 verhoeff dr., huntersville, nc, huntersville, nc 28078m-th: 5 am-9 pm | fri: 5am-8pm | sat: 7 am-5 pm | sun: 10 am-5pm704-766-2222

 


state-of-the-art diving and aquatic center, diverse wellness programming for the entire family and premier events.
about uscareerscontactdirectionsmembership
schedulesnews & eventsfull schedulegroup exercise schedule
locationhead office11725 verhoeff dr.,
huntersville, nc 28078
phonecall us now(704) 766-2222

















