
















































iowa memorial union | division of student life | the university of iowa



























    skip to main content
  







the university of iowa






university of iowa





            division of student life
          






            iowa memorial union
          






search

submit search







search



top links


upcoming events


hours











site main navigation

homevisitbuilding directorydirections and parkingbuilding hoursiowa house hotelannual eventsorientationfinals at imuthursdays on the terracefamily weekendbridging our worlddining and retailiowa hawk shophawk shop café and marketold gold creameryriver room caféunion station food courtmeetings and eventsreservationsindoor and outdoor spacesmeeting roomsbanquet and ballroom spacesoutdoor and campus spacesweddingscateringa/v, equipment, and servicesimu usage policiesadvertising and promotioncontact event servicesstudent involvementfraternity and sorority lifeoffice of student engagement and campus programsoffice of leadership, service, and civic engagementoffice of the dean of studentsstudent organization office suiteimu servicesclothing closetesports arcadefood pantry at iowafinals at the imuimu nurse careimu welcome centerstudent legal servicesstudent lockersstudy spacesabouteventshistorywar memorialimu veterans plazanotable visitorsmission, values, and visioncontact and feedback























home












pause















        developing leaders, creating connections, building community
      


at the imu, students meet up, study, join student organizations, attend events, concerts, and lectures, and more.




                    building directory
                    


                    building hours
                    















        reserve a space for your occasion
      

from meetings and presentations to banquets and weddings, we've got you covered. the imu offers the tech, customizable room layouts, and a welcoming, knowledgeable staff to make your next event a success.
check out our meetings and events page to learn how we can help plan your next event.
meetings and events 








 









        banquet and ballroom spaces
      



our banquet and ballroom spaces can accommodate everything from small groups to 1,200-seat lectures


                learn more
                












 









        outdoor and campus spaces
      



outdoor spaces at the imu and around campus are available for departmental and student organization events.


                learn more
                














 












        dining
      



 
 
 











 












        play
      



 
 
 











 












        shop
      



 
 
 















        building community
      













 









        food pantry at iowa
      



the food pantry at iowa provides free nutritious food and basic necessities for university of iowa students, faculty, and staff in need. food accessibility and affordability is very important for college students to survive, maintain a healthy lifestyle, and to concentrate in classes.


                learn more
                












 









        clothing closet
      



each semester, a student can get free professional clothing to be used for interviews, jobs, class presentations, and more. professional attire in good condition, including shoes and accessories, can be donated at the imu house hotel front desk any time during open hours.


                learn more
                














 












        history in the making
      



the iowa memorial union (imu) has been the cornerstone of campus life since it opened in 1925.



                  building history and timeline
                  














        upcoming events at the imu
      













        earthmind workshop
      





                  monday, february 17, 2025 5:00pm to 6:15pm
                

iowa memorial union (imu)


earthmind is…


	provided in a collaboration with backyard abundance, a local nonprofit organization
	taught in four, 75-minute classes
	taught in small groups


spring 2025 workshop:

mondays, feb. 10, 17, 24, march 2 in the imu 343

registration required. space is limited; please only sign up if you can attend all four classes.

spring classes will tentatively include:


	feb. 10 - indoor sensory awareness (at the bbe greenhouse!)
	feb. 17 - wild and precious gifts
	feb. 24 - animal...













        intro to mindfulness workshop for college students
      





                  tuesday, february 18, 2025 7:00pm to 8:15pm
                

iowa memorial union (imu)


intro to mindfulness is an evidence-based curriculum specifically designed for teaching mindfulness, meditation, and stress management to college students and other young adults.

the intro to mindfulness program…


	is taught in four weekly 75-minute classes (a brief model to accommodate busy student schedules)
	is structured with daily homework of a mindfulness log and 10 minutes of mindfulness practice
	is taught in small groups


register here: https://studentwellness.uiowa.edu/programs...








        ui advise professional development day: neurodivergence and advising
      





                  thursday, february 20, 2025 8:00am to 12:00pm
                

iowa memorial union (imu)


join us for a refreshments, conversation, and a selection of concurrent sessions around the topic of neurodivergence in advising.

rsvp here
	
	a more complete agenda will be available in february.




view more events














the university of iowa






university of iowa




iowa memorial union



              division of student life
            



 319-353-4468 website feedback today's events125 n. madison streetuniversity of iowaiowa city, ia 52242


social media


 facebook


 twitter


 instagram





admin login



footer primary


home


visit


building hours


dining and retail




footer secondary


meetings and events


student involvement


imu services




footer tertiary


about the imu


events







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility

















