











project kickstart - plan to act!



















































1.800.857.0558buyfree trial





homeproject kickstart 6project management 101videosfaqscontact us








plan to act!project management made simple
whether you're a novice or seasoned pro, you can start from a raw idea to creating a thoughtful, comprehensive task list and project schedule in less than 30 mins.
start your 2-week trial today!
the first thing you'll discover when you try project kickstart is that we start with the assumption you don't already have a fully formulated plan in your head. quite the contrary, in fact, as project kickstart helps you generate ideas by asking the right questions, giving guidance where needed, and allowing you to quickly create a smart, efficient, and organized plan, complete with phases, goals, obstacles and solutions.
ground-to-cloud planning
get 3-months of free webplanner.com when you purchase project kickstart 6, allowing you to publish your pks files to the cloud for easier collaboration with anyone, anywhere, on any platform.
click here to redeem.buy nowfree triallearn what's newpowerful new v6 featuresproject dashboard
project dashboard
the new dashboard changes how you manage your projects, providing a quick overview of all your projects so you can preview your upcoming tasks, regardless of which project they're part of.ground-to-cloud
ground-to-cloud
take your pks project to the cloud with webplanner.com, and collaborate with anyone, anywhere, and on any platform or device because webplanner works with pks files.backup & restore
backup & restore
protecting your projects has never been easier, as you can now backup all your projects, including attachments, in one password protected step that safeguards your work.improved gantt
improved gantt
gantt charts now reflect the new task features like status & priority, and includes auto task linking and dependencies, which previously was only included with pro versions of pks.enhanced tasklist
enhanced tasklist
enjoy new features like task status & priority, being able to clear as complete with a single click, auto-fit column width, column hiding, and improved task filtering.act integration
act! integration
save time by importing contacts from act! as assignees and export tasks to act! as activities to seamlessly integrate your workflow between these two powerful programs.better note logging
better note logging
the new comment logging feature within tasks was improved to be more intuitive and accountable, with new time/date/author stamps for each new comment or edit.pks updater
pks updater
our new "pks updater" utility checks to see if you have the latest project kickstart build, and updates your program in one simple step if a newer version is available.track costs easier
track costs easier
keep the project on track with basic budget and cost tracking. project kickstart v6 now displays a running "total cost" calculator at the top of the task list, and at the bottom of the cost column.richer preferences
richer preferences
preferences now support default directories for projects, templates, exported files, and attachments, as well as welcome screen options. weve even enhanced attachment handling.the only project management toolto work with both act! & outlookcontact integrationadded flexibility in getting your contacts and resources into project kickstart. the ability to import your coworkers, partners, or vendors from act! or outlook means less time entering them manually.calendar integrationkeep everyone notified about what and when things need to be done or any changes in schedule. plan your activities in project kickstart, and then "push" those tasks directly to act! or outlook.the easiest project management tool for all industries
manage projects from charities to engineering all in one place


"when we come up with a new product that we need to work on and document for the fda, project kickstart is fantastic. it helps us figure out: how we pull the team together, who needs to do what, what elements of the project are key"a. kay - vice-president of manufacturing, dynamed division, gall's inc."project kickstart is a great front end for all projects. i have been able to map out multiple projects for my team and have had no difficulty in convincing them of the relevance of each step."s. lilley - director, sales & marketing development, merk & co. europeproject kickstart is a real confidence builder. you sit down with it, and in about 30 minutes, you can put together a very impressive project plan and schedule. nobody believes it's that easy until they use project kickstart for the first time. after that, they're converts.david little, program manager, hewlett-packard outsourcing services group"all too often, though, we find ourselves overwhelmed by our impending tasks and cannot figure out where to start. project kickstart makes this dreaded task a snap! by prompting me to identify obstacles, and offering the opportunity to assign people to tasks, it turns chaos into a plan."r. henderson - president, biocon"project kickstart is perfect for brainstorming sessions. it's easy to use, and helps define goals, organize thoughts, and identify all the dependencies and sub-projects that you didn't realize existed until management and end user groups began their brain dumps."s. cabell - hr consultant, cvs pharmacy









keystrokeproject kickstart 6act! and outlookgantt chartsproject management 101





project templatesreports and exportstrainers and consultantsvideo demoswebplanner





free trialpurchaseterms and conditionsprivacy policy





reviewsfaqscontact us






















