
















eugene skin divers supply















































 







541.342.2351







1090 west 6th avenue eugene, oregon 97402 esds@eugeneskindivers.com
store hours:monday - friday 10a-6psaturday 9a - 4pclosed sundays





static-aside-menu-toggler


homecourses

open water certification

tripscalendarrentalsdive for a cureabout uscontact us





























est. 1956eugene skin divers supply

located in downtown eugene, oregon and serving the dive community since 1956, eugene skin divers supply is renowned as a padi idc training over 30,000 divers in it’s 65 year history.  from those new to the water participating in discover scuba all the way to padi open water instructors, everyone enjoys the experience, professionalism and personal attention that has made eugene skin divers supply famous the world over.



located in the heart of eugene, oregon, the shop is an icon to the diving community. call ahead and we’ll run right out. we are here to serve. 




5.0
    
115 votes
































from our humble beginnings in 1956 to the present, we strive to make customer service our priority. we carry the very best brands in scuba, snorkeling, or diving gear and service or repair just about anything. our staff is experienced and knowledgeable. if you’re seeking advice on how things are done in the diving world or want to expand your knowledge, we’ve got you covered.
we offer scuba diving education programs, equipment selection, dive travel and experience opportunities, while encouraging aquatic environmental responsibility. we are dedicated to the padi system of diver education and offer regular continuing education programs to ensure divers have the opportunity to advance their skills and knowledge. we are active in our community, both locally and afar, and are committed to providing customer satisfaction along with great dive experiences.
as a padi five star instructor development center (idc) we provide courses that allow individuals to progress from recreational dive certifications on to the dive professional level. we also offer a full range of continuing education opportunities to dive professionals.
whether you’re seeking adventure or an experienced professional we have something for you. welcome to eugene skin diver supply. 













            back to top        




















educationlearn to dive 
whether you are new to scuba or are already convinced that the aquatic realm is where you want to hang out, we have a program tailored for your experience and level of interest. from discover scuba to our full open water scuba certification, we invite you to learn to dive with us. classes start frequently. combined with online elearning, you can start your education today.
learn more





















take aware action
learn more




go pro today
learn more











 

     
newsletter signup

first name

 



last name

 



email

 



 





















541.342.2351
eugene skin divers supply
1090 west 6th avenueeugene, oregon 97402 esds@eugeneskindivers.com







resources

forms








			© 2023 - eugene skin divers supply.  all rights reserved.		










homecoursesopen water certificationtripscalendarrentalsdive for a cureabout uscontact us






