


web and mobile app development | websitecenter.com, las vegas, nv





































skip to content










menu



about
course
web design
management
marketing
hosting
contact
 call: 702-784-0017




facebook
youtube
linkedin













websitecenter.comwebsite design services
website design class
build your website in 1-day!

websitecenter.com - website design services


tell me more...
 
website packages














                                    website design class in 1-day
                                
website design class
                                build a 5-page website yourself

                                    if you're the do-it-yourself kind of person, why not learn website design using html and css.  build your 5-page website in 1-day, the right way!  we will show you how to convert html templates into your own customized website; learn how to edit your photos so it loads fast on any device; learn how to optimize your website so it ranks high on search engine results; learn how to use ai to optimize your content; learn the use of ftp programs.  if you can't build your 5-page website by the end of the course, we will build it for you.  it's a win/win.  website design class, an 8-hour in-person class, located in las vegas, nevada.  sign-up today!
                                
view details











                                    web design services
                                
website design services
					affordable website design services for businesses
our website design services are second to none.  all website design packages are built with  accessibility  in mind.

















                                                    informational website
                                                


$395 package
$695 package
all packages


                                                        we have a quick, simple and basic website that will suit any business just starting out.  we also have complex and high-end ecommerce website that can sell anything you can imagine.  we can build anything you can imagine online. all website packages are built with  accessibility  in mind.  it will be accessible to most users who are disabled.  however, it will not be fully accessible because there are extra steps to get it there.
                                                    



more

















                                                    ecommerce website
                                                



ecommerce website packages


                                                        we can build a simple ecommerce website with one product or 10 or with 100s of products. digital downloads, shipping, handling, tax and miscellaneous fees are included. call today for details or if you have additional questions.
                                                    



more

















                                                    membership driven website
                                                



free membership
paid membership


                                                        an online store that offers discounts on products via its membership program or a retailer with a wholesale department through its membership program.  your visitors will simply sign-up to get unlimited access to all products at discounted price.  their membership can automatically give your visitors a discount during checkout or not, whichever way you want. that's just some of the ways a membership program can work for you.
                                                    



more

















                                                    custom website & phone app
                                                



custom website pricing


                                                        we have the best team to build your custom designed website or mobile app.  we can help from design to management to marketing to maintenance.  we can provide the right amount of support to all your custom website design packages.  join a reliable team of web experts, today.
                                                    



more










view our website management service











free consultation!

                                    there is no obligation, no credit card required.  just call.
                                



702-784-0017











                                    website management services
                                
our website management service is the best in the industry.  flat rate of $85 per hour billable in 15 minute increments.  turnaround time:  4-24 hours or less.









website management options

                                by-the-hour or a flat monthly rate
                            





by-the-hour
pay by-the-hour:  $85 per hour billable in 15 minute increments. that's $21.25 for every 15 minutes.  we can do a lot in 15 minutes.  no contract required. no one-hour minimums. everything is billable in 15-minute increments.  to get started, simply purchase a one-time 5-hour block of hours and we can begin work on your website immediately. you can use all of the 5-hours or use only some of it.  the rest will be banked or reserved for you when you need it later.  to save even more, if you purchase 5-hour blocks online, you get an extra hour free!  today will be the only time we will ask you to purchase a 5-hour block ahead of time.  after we depleted your 5-hour block, you will be invoiced/billed for any work completed thereafter.
read more


flat monthly fee
                                six-month contract required. pay $680 per month, get 10 hours worth of work! that's 2-hours free each month, a $170 savings.  this is the ideal website management package for seasonal businesses with big promotional plans in the coming months.  this is also ideal for websites who are constantly updating their website to keep up with the times.  if you need website help that is accurate and consistent on a regular basis, this is what you're looking for. this is the best solution and best cost approach to website management and maintenance requirements. there is no lengthy contract (6 months only) and you can cancel anytime. your cancellation will take effect the first of the following month. remember, you're getting a lowered rate and free hours and you will be working with the best website management team in the usa.
read more

do you need a web hosting plan?












let's discuss your online plans

                                    there is no obligation, no credit card required.  just call.
                                



702-784-0017










                                    web hosting services
                                


shared to dedicated server hosting packages







come join our web hosting family and be treated like one.  we're here to help you every step of the way.  when you purchase any of our web hosting packages, we will begin setting up your web hosting account and access.  we will then send you your login information including any and all links that will be useful to your business within 24 hours. if you don't know what you're doing, give us a call and we will walk you through the most common features of web hosting.  it's that simple.












                                                    alias
                                                



one (1) website
standard performance
25 gb hard drive space
unlimited bandwidth
full cpanel access
10 ftp accounts
10 free email accounts
10 email lists
10 databases (db)
10 subdomains
free ssl
free hosting support
paid annually
2-year term
one-time $29 setup



$15
                                                

                                                    per month (or $150 year)
                                                


buy now
















                                                    package a
                                                



one (1) website
standard performance
50 gb hard drive space
unlimited bandwidth
full cpanel access
20 ftp accounts
20 free email accounts
20 email lists
20 databases (db)
20 subdomains
free ssl
free hosting support
paid annually
2-year term
one-time $29 setup



$25
                                                

                                                    per month ($250 year)
                                                


buy now
















                                                    package b
                                                



one (1) website
advanced processor
85 gb hard drive space
unlimited bandwidth
full cpanel access
50 ftp accounts
50 free email accounts
50 email lists
50 databases (db)
50 subdomains
free ssl
free hosting support
paid annually
2-year term
one-time $29 setup



$35
                                                

                                                    per month ($350 year)
                                                


buy now
















                                                    package c
                                                



one (1) website
advanced processor
125 gb hard drive space
unlimited bandwidth
full cpanel access
100 ftp accounts
100 free email accounts
100 email lists
100 databases (db)
100 subdomains
free ssl
free hosting support
paid annually
2-year term
one-time $29 setup



$45
                                                

                                                    per month ($450 year)
                                                


buy now









view all web hosting packages
view digital marketing pricing










start a new project

                                    let's talk about how we can make it better.
                                



contact us











                                    online marketing service
                                


online digital marketing


search engine optimization (seo), search engine marketing (sem), email marketing & social media marketing (smm)

















                                                    seo
                                                


search engine optimization (seo)


                                                        get ranked organically via search engine optimization (seo).  the only way to get ranked organically is to optimize your website the right way - by literally enhancing and selecting the proper and right keywords displayed on your website and that the underlying keywords, size of images, alt tags, meta and comment tags are all corresponding with the content of your website.  seo is literally and directly working with the website pages html tags.  learn the details of search engine optimization.




more

















                                                    sem
                                                



search engine marketing (sem)
email marketing


                                                        if seo is working within the confines of the website, search engine marketing (sem) is everything outside of your website. search engine marketing deals directly with the requirements of pay-per-click campaigns that corresponds with seo work that's been done.  sem takes it a step further where seo leaves off.  sem will now announce to the world or locally, what you have to offer or say about your business.  you can say whatever you want (as long as it is in good taste), to anyone or everyone who are willing to listen, read or see.  you're paying for the ad, so you can reach or target any group or class or any type of people you want.  we control what people see, hear or read about your company.  that's search engine marketing.  learn more.




more

















                                                    social media marketing
                                                



social media marketing (smm)


                                                        there are two ways we can take advantage of social media marketing:  1) use their paid advertising platform; 2) utilize their free announcement services and design our posting to go viral.  a posting that goes viral is worth a million dollars in advertising.  so how do you create something that can go viral?  we brainstorm.  we put all of our heads together to generate ideas and we analyze each one.  from there, i'm sure we can think of something to create that can potentially go viral.  we do this via brainstorming online or during lunch or office meeting.  it's really that simple.
                                                    



more

















                                                    b2b marketing
                                                



business to business lead generator


combine next level digital intelligence with sales ready leads to accelerate your online roi:
convert anonymous traffic into leads
measure from first click to sale
go beyond analytics - truly measure digital return on investment (roi)





more










view our faq section











free consultation!

                                    there is no obligation, no credit card required.  just call.
                                



702-784-0017











                                   faq
                                
frequently asked questions

                                    we've compiled the most frequently asked questions and provided them to you below for your reference.  our goal is to be as transparent as much as possible so there's no surprises.
                                







how do i order or buy a website package?


                                        it's simple.  first determine what type of website do you need, an informational, ecommerce or membership driven website. if the answer is informational, then determine how many pages you will need to complete the website - home, about us, services, products, contact us, are just a few example of pages you can have on your website.  you can then expand from there.  for example, you can add to the about us page by including team, then a page for each team member, etc.  from there, you can now select which website package has the right number of pages you need then click on add-to-cart, then checkout.
                                    

what happens after the website is complete?


                                        just sit back and relax for a couple of days.  this will give google enough time to tag and rank your website.  from there, depending on the marketing service you chose, you will be able to see your site ranked on search engines e.g. google, bing and yahoo.
                                    

how can i get more traffic to my website?


                                        there are various ways to get online traffic to websites, it all depends on your marketing plans and what industry your business is in.  with online marketing, we can focus on your target market via keyword pay-per-click campaign.  if it's a geographical area that you're after, we can focus our marketing campaign targeting zip codes, gender and income level.  when all is said and done, we will provide you orientation and training on what we have setup so you can take over the marketing campaign if you wish.
                                    

how do i convert that traffic into dollars?


                                        the best way to convert that online traffic into dollars is to convert your website into an ecommerce website.  it can be as simple as adding a paypal add-to-cart button or it can be as elaborate as a paid membership account or download service.  in any case, your website will need to have ecommerce features in order to convert that traffic into actual dollars.
                                    

does web hosting matter in regards to traffic?


                                        yes, it does.  we co-manage our own server with professional service technician that works directly at the data center.  we know how hard it is to manage a web hosting server, to make sure it is protected at all times, blocking and detecting illegal entries, malware and virus scans, just to name a few.  so if there's thousands of websites on one server and one of them get's infected, the entire server is infected, unless a preemptive and proactive approach to security has been undertaken.  with thousands of hosted websites also slows down the server significantly which slows down the load time of your website.  this is where you get hurt on search engines.  the slower your site loads, the lower your ranking gets which means less visitors.
                                    

should i get a dedicated ip address?


                                        yes.  having a dedicated ip address separates you from the pack - meaning, if one of the hosted websites on the server gets into trouble, your site will be excluded from the violation because you have a different and separate ip address.  this is the primary reason to have a dedicated ip and just one of the benefit of having a dedicated ip address.
                                    

why do i have to include an ssl security certificate to my hosting account?


                                        having an ssl certificate installed on your hosting account converts your website from http:// to https:// - meaning, it is secured and encrypted against hackers and viruses - it also protects your online visitors information from being stolen.  by securing your website (https://) you will also notice that your organic ranking will start going higher and your cost on pay per click campaigns should get lower.
                                    

is email included in your web hosting package?


                                        yes.  we include 50 free email accounts to each web hosting account regardless of package and size of hosting account.  you can setup pop or imap email types on all your devices - laptops, desktops, mobile phones and other devices like tablets.
                                    

can i edit my website myself via cpanel?


                                        yes, you can.  login to your cpanel (yourdomainname.com/cpanel) then click on file manager.  from there, you can edit each html web page online.
                                    














                                    about websitecenter.com
                                
you're in-house webmasters!

websitecenter.com is a full-service website design company, including web hosting, website management and website marketing. our primary objective with each client is to provide website results, security, confidentiality, and more website traffic. tracking, monitoring and managing your digital assets requires great care and resposibility.  we don't take that lightly.  we are a creative team of web experts with security and confidentiality on top of our mind.  proper storage, redundant backup, excellent maintenance with a diligent and proactive approach to online business management is how we do website design business.


established in 1998 and incorporated with the state of nevada in 2004, websitecenter.com has designed, developed, marketed, managed and hosted all types of websites from small informational websites to ecommerce to custom membership-driven websites.  we've been there, done that. talk to us. it's all confidential.












                                    website client benefits
                                
the best reasons to work with us...

                                    we're honest with our business dealings.  we don't try to sell you into buying a website.  instead, we will try to figure out how a website can help your business do better than yesterday.
                                










                                    best work quality
                                

                                    we work on every small detail to make sure that we don't miss them. we don't worry about the large detail because they're obvious.









                                    on-time delivery
                                

                                    providing an on-time delivery of our website product is a quality that we will always regard as one of the top requirements in our business.
                                








                                    correct technology
                                

                                    building it the right way has always been our motto. not because it's easy but rather because it is harder.
                                








                                    measurable results!
                                

                                    our primary focus with each and every client is to deliver website results.  regardless of how they come in - email, phone call, in person.












how about some fun facts?




8873



projects




8183



happy clients



 


98458



coffee cups




9889



unused drafts













websitecenter.com team

weâ€™re the best web professionals in las vegas, nv!

                                     why?  because we care.  we take pride in protecting your business interest even when it's above ours. we build websites the right way.  no shortcuts.  we deliver on our promise...traffic results!  our team stands behind this 100%.
                                








enrique tan
ceo, web designer, developer




                                            bachelor of science degree in computer science with a minor in business administration, microsoft certified professional (mcp), microsoft certified systems engineer (mcse), web authoring certificate, google and yahoo partner program, .
                                        

                                            i've always known that i'll be managing and helping various types of businesses since grade 5 elementary school.  i love everything about business and i'm always fascinated and excited to learn about how your business operates.  i use everything i know in every project to ensure it's success.  i take pride in what i do and i love doing web design for clients. i can do this forever.
                                        


contacts

eric@websitecenter.com


                                            p:
                                        
                                        (702) 784-0017
                                    














sandy b.
accounting




                                            certified accountant, 
                                        

                                            lu is proficient in all aspect of accounting for business, including payroll, accounts receivable and payables.  if you have any accounting issues or questions, please do not hesitate to contact lu.  she will be more than happy to help you.
                                        


contacts

accounting@websitecenter.com


                                            p:
                                        
                                        (702) 784-0017
                                    














cindy ikeda
operations manager




                                            cindy has a wide range of business experience with in-depth knowledge of digital business operations and marketing.  her sales and various job position within a corporate environment will be of high-use at websitecenter.com.
                                        




contacts

cindy@websitecenter.com


                                            p:
                                        
                                        (702) 784-0017
                                    









view all team members
more - about websitecenter.com












                                    contact websitecenter.com
                                
we love our clients and we are always ready to help...

                                    we are always on stand-by waiting to hear from any of our clients.  we stay on high alert in case any of our clients needs our service.  we stay on top of our field of expertise with continued education and training in order to deliver the highest standard of service.  we're always ready and we're here for you and our clients.
                                
pay an invoice







                                        call us
                                    

702-784-0017




our phone






+1-702-784-0017




our e-mail






support@websitecenter.com




our address





2436 brooklyn bridge street, las vegas, nevada 89135, usa
oklahoma city, oklahoma
los angeles, california




































                        thanks for your visit!
                        
find us in the social media:





facebook
youtube
linkedin+
e-mail





â© websitecenter.com 1998-2024 - all rights reserved.
privacy policy | terms & conditions | disclaimer





























