













































































humble isd | home





skip to contentbond 2022enrolljoin our teamstaff resourcessearch sitehumbleindependent school districtbond 2022enrolljoin our teamstaff resourcessearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallerythe great outdoors playground the great outdoors playground timbers elementaryend of galleryathleticsattendance zonesboard of trusteescalendaremploymenthome access centerprospective familiesrecords, tax office,transparencyexplore humble isdabout humble isdbond 2022child nutritioncounselingcteeducation foundationfine artshumble isd historylimited open enrollmentrecordssafetyteaching & learninghighlightsinspiring moments:  school board recognitionjanuary is school board recognition month. this month we thank our humble isd board of trustees. 

they generously give hundreds of hours to attend meetings, set policies, address key issues, and engage in student and community events. their commitment ensures humble isd remains an exceptional place to learn, live, and grow. #shineon💫inspiring moments:  school board recognitionjanuary is school board recognition month. this month we thank our humble isd board of trustees. 

they generously give hundreds of hours to attend meetings, set policies, address key issues, and engage in student and community events. their commitment ensures humble isd remains an exceptional place to learn, live, and grow. #shineon💫humble isd playgrounds and fitness areas that are opencheck out humble isd playgrounds and outdoor fitness areas that are now open and those opening soon!humble isd job fairshumble isd is hiring. apply today and be part of the humble isd family!download the humble isd mobile appit's everything humble isd, right in your pocket! download the new mobile app from the ios app store or android play store and enable notifications.humble isd playgrounds and fitness areas that are opencheck out humble isd playgrounds and outdoor fitness areas that are now open and those opening soon!humble isd job fairshumble isd is hiring. apply today and be part of the humble isd family!download the humble isd mobile appit's everything humble isd, right in your pocket! download the new mobile app from the ios app store or android play store and enable notifications.find ushumble isd10203 birchridge drivehumble, tx 77338phone: 281-641-1000fax: 281-641-1050resourcesaccessibility contactfraud hotlinetax officeweather updatesihelpihelp informationhumble isd on bullyingstay connectedcopyright © 2025 humble isd. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more



