











powering financial inclusion through digital technology - accion


































































 




skip to content




accion



					back				



																about accion								navigation item 


about accion


accion is a global nonprofit on a mission to create a fair and inclusive economy.we work with local partners to develop and scale responsible digital financial solutions for underserved people globally, so they can make informed decisions and improve their lives.


navigation item who we are




about usabout accionour historyaccion leadership teamour board of directorsfinancialscareers 





we're hiring










																how we work								navigation item 


how we work


we are a leading early-stage investor in fintech for inclusion and experts in the transformation of financial service providers, with decades of experience harnessing the capital markets to enable underserved people to improve their lives.


navigation item how we work




investment strategiesinvestment strategiesaccion emergeaccion impact managementaccion venture labaccion digital transformationcompanies 

accion advisoryabout accion advisoryour approachour expertisecontact accion advisory 

thought leadershipour insightscenter for financial inclusion 






																insights								navigation item 


insights


tools & insightsaccess the power of accion’s resources: unlock valuable insights and tools to drive financial inclusion and create lasting impact.


navigation item view our insights




content typesarticlesreports & toolkitsnews & eventsview all resources 

topicsinclusive fintechdigital transformationagritechwomen’s economic empowermentclimaterefugees & migrants 





center for financial inclusion

navigation item see more from cfi, the independent think tank housed at accion











																join us								navigation item 


join us


support accion's workwe work with donors and partners who believe in the importance of creating a fair and inclusive economy.


navigation item join our mission




get involveddonate nowways to givepartner with ushbs-accion program on strategic leadership in inclusive finance 





hbs-accion program on strategic leadership in inclusive finance










								donate today															






search this site


submit 







						donate today					


social



 



 



 



 



 




open search  

open menu  



















powering financial inclusion through digital technology








responsible innovation
our mission is to improve the lives of underserved people by building innovative and responsible financial solutions.


who we are





featured insights & resources



video



				yashodha invests in her silkworm farming business			


accion emerge
31 jan 2025






article



				six ways to close the gender gap in women’s financial inclusion			


center for financial inclusion
30 jan 2025






article



				soil to silk: yashodha’s journey to success			


accion emerge
29 jan 2025




more insights











scaling digital services to spur financial inclusion of rural women




						article						


						scaling digital services to spur financial inclusion of rural women					


12 feb 2025
by: archana kejriwal, meera bharadwaj  







440mpeoplesince our founding, accion has reached 440 million underserved people globally.

learn more


267partnersaccion has helped build 267 financial service providers operating across 75 countries.

learn more


42.1mpeoplein 2023 , 42.1 million people were actively using solutions provided by our financial service provider partners.

learn more







financial services are powerful tools to help reduce poverty and create opportunity

how we work







we find and help build innovative companies with the potential to reach large numbers of underserved people and accelerate their growth by investing capital and providing strategic governance and advice.







we work with partners to create affordable digital solutions that build clients’ financial health and well-being. accion advisory leverages expertise in digital technologies to design, test, and deploy new financial products and services. 







we conduct in-depth research and share our learnings to advance responsible financial solutions and systems. the center for financial inclusion, an independent think tank housed at accion, focuses on consumer protection, women’s economic inclusion, data risks and opportunities, and climate change. 







 






our history
over 60 years of impact


since 1961, we have led the way in inclusive finance, shaping companies that provide responsible financial solutions to millions of people globally.

explore our history




support our workwill you join us?today, after decades of improvement, global poverty and inequality are on the rise, making our mission more urgent than ever.


donate today










accion 






accion is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization on a mission to create a fair and inclusive economy. we develop and scale responsible digital financial solutions for underserved people globally, so they can make informed decisions and improve their lives. 




sections
about accion
our impact
media center
careers
contact us
how we work
investment strategies
accion advisory
tools & insights
loans in the u.s.
 




connect
facebook facebook
twitter x twitter x
linkedin linkedin
instagram instagram
youtube youtube
 


					© 2025 accion international, all rights reserved.				
terms of use and privacy policy
 














