








david bisset












































 








david bisset






home (current)


about


services


contact
















 
 
 







i love to create custom and efficient solutions based on wordpress.
discover
contact me
 
 
 
 
 







hi there i'm david,
i am primarily a developer that likes to create meaningful digital experiences - usually with wordpress, buddypress, buddyboss. i have built countless custom plugins and themes.
i've spent 15+ years as a php and wordpress developer while running my own company dimension media. in those years i've produced (and been the host of) podcasts, newsletters, organize conferences, help with meetups, and speak at local and national conferences. 
 
 


awesome motive
manager / developer
product manager of wp charitable, a plugin that specialies in running campaigns and accepting donations a better experience.
buddypress
developer
knowledge in building custom solutions and plugins for buddypress / buddyboss. i am listed as a buddypress contributor.
 
 


wordcamp miami
co-founder / organizer
12+years involvement with one of the largest and longest running wordcamps in the us.
past and prrsent
post status, podcaster, freelancer, meetup organizer, wordpress contributor
my current side projects are wpfront.apge and davidbisset.social.
 
 
 
 
 






sharing knowledge, growing communities
i believe one of the best ways to healthly grow a community is to set the proper environment for others to learn. to pave a road for a diverse next generation of developers, leaders, and content creators. that is why i organize and speak at conferences. 
 
 




contributor
i have been credited with numerous contributions in the wordpress community. feel free to check out my official profile page on wordpress.org for my recent activities.
 
 



podcaster / producer
i have hosted weekly podcasts in addition to being guests on various shows throughout the years.my latest conversation can be found here.
 
 



speaker
delivered the keynote address to php conferences and spoken at key regional (us and europe) wordcamps in addition to speaking in other locations such as orlando, miami, and atlanta.
 
 
 
 
 










reach out to me
i have a desire to help those in the wordpress community with whatever i can or refer you to someone or someplace that can help.

i have worked on teams and companies whose plugins have been downloaded 1,000,000+ times with 100,000+ installs... right down to a single business who needed help with custom setup and intergration of their wordpress site.
i've been a freelancer for almost two decades building a wide varity of products.
i've designed online communities along with organized local and national events and conferences for 15 years.
maybe i can help you.
find me
check out @dimensionmedia on twitter if you want to see me pass along wordpress and tech related things. find me on other social platforms via davidbisset.social.



 
 

 
 
 
 
 






what i've written
some blog posts and writings you might find interesting.
 
 







 
charitable update: visual campaign builder! details
 
 






 
top 9.0 notable things said by matt mullenweg at wordcamp us 2023 details
 
 






 
gifs from wordcamp us 2023 details
 
 
 







 
gutenberg phase 5 details
 
 






 
highlights of matt's q&a at wordcamp asia 2023 details
 
 






 
animated gifs from wordcamp asia 2023 details
 
 
 
 
 







 
 
 






frequent questions
 
 






                                    how can i contact you and quickly get a quote for my online project?
                                



                                    it's highly doubtful with my schedule i have time for your project - but likely i know someone who does, so use the contact form below. i'll try to help any way i can.
                                





                                    do you have a wordpress.org account?
                                



                                    yes. my username is dimensionmedia and you can also ping me on wordpress slack.
                                





                                    where can i see some of your code online?
                                



                                    some of my code is private but you can check out my github page or envira and it's various addons.
                                


 
 
 
 
 






contact details
i am not a full time freelancer anymore but if you want to communicate with me, i might be able to refer you. feel free to also contact me for other friendly reasons.
 
 




name*


first



last


email*

company website

what do you want to talk about?wordpress developmentphp developmentfront-end development (html/css)consulting (billed hourly)plugin developmentwebsite maintainancejust wanted to say hellospeaker / conference relatedmisc.budget range


$2,000 - $5,000



$5,000 - $10,000



$10,000 - $15,000



$15,000 - $20,000



$20,000+
if you're contacting me for potential development work, please select a budget range.project description or messagethe more details, the better. captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  












 
 
 
 











































 
 
 
 
 






copyright ©2023 david bisset
 
 
 
 

































