




        
	
    plastic surgeon ogden | alpine plastic surgery


    





















                                         











































home
about
services
before & after
contact


call 801.689.3500













look great,feel better
book a consultation










what we do
from boob jobs to tummy tucks; from lasers to lipo, we do it all at alpine plastic surgery. but make no mistake—we’re no jack of all trades. we take our cosmetic surgery seriously, and the way you look and feel lies at the heart of everything we do.
located just minutes from salt lake city, in ogden ut, alpine plastic surgery combines years of experience with state-of-the-art equipment and a staff that’s as knowledgeable as it is friendly. so whether you’re looking for a completely new shape or just regular upkeep, you’ve come to the right place.

















breast enhancement



facial rejuvination



body contouring



non-surgical procedures





welcome to alpine plastic surgery
any type of plastic surgery starts with the right plastic surgeon and the right technology. at alpine plastic surgery, we have both. our practice is equipped with state-of-the-art facilities to handle everything from facial rejuvenation, to body contouring, to breast augmentation. we plan to deliver the most favorable results with a combination of training, experience, technology, and commitment to quality care. accompanied by a knowledgeable staff and advanced facilities, our goal is to help you look better and feel better. if you’re looking for a quality care delivered by a trusted plastic surgeon in ogden, you’ve found it here – at alpine plastic surgery.



call us now! (801) 689-3500




 
 
meet dr. randall barnett
dr. randall barnett received his medical degree in 1987 from loyola university stritch school of medicine in chicago, il. in 1993, he completed a 3-year residency in general surgery followed by a 3-year residency in plastic & reconstructive surgery at the loyola university medical center. in 1994, he fulfilled a 1-year fellowship in hand surgery at rush presbyterian st. lukes hospital. dr. barnett has been in private practice since 1994 and is the founder and president of alpine plastic & reconstructive surgery, pc and alpine surgical center, llc. dr. barnett founded alpine plastic surgery in june, 1999 and is a board certified plastic surgeon and is licensed in the state of utah to practice medicine as a physician and surgeon.










































   

copyright © 2024 all rights reserved web design and marketing by i4 solutions





homeservicesbefore & aftercontact
5405 s adams ave pkwy #101 ogden, ut 84405 801.689.3500other number: 385-247-0613















