






mothersoy essential protein – the perfect weightloss protein


























 skip to content 

 




 

 

skip to content
home
support

contact us
about us
privacy and cookie policy
terms of use agreement
refund policy


 



 

  
 



mothersoy essential protein

mothersoy® essential protein powder is the perfect high-protein,
high-fiber superfood for rapid weightloss and vibrant health


only 70 calories per serving • net 1 carb
100% pure – no added sugar, sweeteners, flavors or artificial ingredients
heart healthy • diabetic friendly • vegetarian friendly
instant long-lasting energy • controls hunger for hours!
100% pure soy protein concentrate
alkaline ph • virtually tasteless • mixes instantly
16 grams of protein per serving
5 grams of fiber per serving
36 servings per container
net weight 2lbs.


no refrigeration required • 5-year shelf life with unopened pouch
made in the u.s.a. • farm grown in america’s midwest
over 5 million satisfied users since 1996


it only takes 3 minutes to dramatically change the way you feel all day long!


a healthy breakfast is the most important meal of the day

vibrant health begins with a high-protein, high-fiber, heart healthy, diabetic-friendly breakfast smoothie made with mothersoy® essential protein.




2 scoops of mothersoy® essential protein equals …
the fiber of 5 medium-size apples • plus, the protein of 10 egg whites
it’s virtually tasteless • alkaline ph
100% pure • no added sugar, sweeteners, flavors or artificial ingredients
no refrigeration required • extended shelf life of an unopened container is 5 years



you don’t have to go hungry to lose weight


3 nutritional causes of weight gain
1. lack of protein – protein stabilizes blood sugar. when blood sugar levels fall, your body gets hungry. 91% of the calories of mothersoy® essential protein are derived from protein, which is much higher than any other vegetable protein powder.
2. lack of fiber – the presence of fiber in the diet creates a sense of fullness in the stomach. fiber binds with dietary fat before entering the bloodstream. fiber provides normalcy to one’s bowel habits. mothersoy® essential protein is an excellent source of fiber with a total of 5 grams of soluble and insoluble fiber per serving.
3. too much sodium – excess sodium results in water retention. potassium drives sodium and excess water out of the body. mothersoy® essential protein is extremely high in potassium and very low in sodium. no other vegetable protein can make this claim.







“starting your day with a heart healthy, high-protein, high-fiber breakfast smoothie, made with your favorite juice and the ultimate breakfast superfood – mothersoy® essential protein powder – is the single most important decision you could make everyday concerning your health.”
– dr. carl k. barniak, founder and ceo mothersoy, inc.


order online for quick delivery

safely use your credit/debit card online with paypal.com
paypal account is not required
i do not receive, collect or store any of your personal financial information.
your privacy is protected by paypal.com
mothersoy® essential protein is only sold in the continental united states, alaska and hawaii.

due to dramatic increases in ups and usps shipping costs the minimum order is now 2 containers.





two • 2 lb. containers = $58.00
flat-rate ups shipping: $16.00
(save $30 on shipping)


four • 2 lb. containers = $116.00
flat-rate ups shipping: $16.00
(save $60 on shipping)


eight • 2 lb. containers = $152.00
flat-rate ups shipping: $16.00
(save $80 on protein and $90 on shipping)


 
100% satisfaction guaranteed

my personal guarantee . . .
buy two or more of our 2 pound containers of mothersoy® essential protein. drink a healthy morning smoothie made with our essential protein and water or your favorite beverage – for 14 days. if you are not satisfied with your results, return the open and all unopen containers with your paypal® receipt for a full product refund! (note: i do not refund return shipping costs.)
dr. carl k. barnik
founder and ceo of mothersoy®, inc.



the perfect meal replacement for healthy weight loss
100% pure soy protein concentrate – nothing added
complete source of essential amino acids
high protein – 16 grams per serving
high fiber – 5 grams per serving
only 70 calories per serving
91% calories from protein
low carbohydrates – net 1 carb
a natural diuretic
high potassium – 750 mg per serving
low sodium – 5 mg per serving
8 mg naturally-occurring isoflavones
virtually tasteless
easily digested
satisfies hunger for hours
alkaline ph
protein builds muscles
perfect protein for athletes and bodybuilders
increases physical endurance
strengthens immune system
helps your body repair cell damage
heart healthy
cholesterol free
no trans fats
vegetarian friendly
virtually allergy free
lactose free
gluten free
diabetic friendly
sugar free
low glycemic < 20
no artificial ingredients
mixes instantly in your favorite beverage, soup, cereal, oatmeal or baked goods



nutrition facts

serving size = 1 scoop (25g)
servings per container = 36
calories = 70 | calories from fat = 0
total fat = 0g
saturated fat = 0g
trans fat = 0g
cholesterol = 0g
sodium = 5mg
potassium = 750mg (21% daily value*)
total carbohydrates = 6g (2% daily value*)
dietary fiber = 5g (insoluable fiber 4.7g) (20% daily value*)
sugar = 0g
protein = 16g (32% daily value*)
* percent daily values are based on 2,000 calorie diet.



 



over 5 million satisfied users since 1996
company headquarters
mothersoy, inc., 424 s. kentucky ave., evansville, in 47714 (812) 858-9252


 


cookie notice: “cookies” are small text files that are installed in your internet browser to assist websites and shopping carts in identifying your unique internet provider (ip) address for secure server and privacy operations. i personally do not use “cookies” on this website to capture your identity or track your internet activity. i do not add any other hidden data into your internet browser, computer, tablet or mobile device. i do not allow anyone to register as a user. i do not use any unsecure email forms or allow anyone to post and share comments on my website.
the only way to contact us is by phone. after our initial contact we will collect your personal information and store it securely offline in our office. we may contact you by phone or use our private email to deliver important information about your appointments and our services. you can always verify your appointments or ask us questions by calling our office during business hours. this is how companies and individuals comunicate and do business using private phone calls and secure email on the internet.
you can be absolutely confident that your personal information will be kept strictly confidential and private. we do not sell, barter, rent, trade or distribute your personal information to anyone. it is illegal for any medical professional to share your personal information with anyone without your written consent.
important: while we do every effort to protect your privacy, the application that we are required to use by u.s. government and the eu international laws, “in order to protect your privacy on our website” will in fact, install data cookies to identify your ip address, your internet browser, gps location and track your internet activity –– “to insure your privacy”. this includes youtube.com, a company owned by google, which uses cookies to track the usage of embedded youtube videos on this site, measure bandwidth, serve relevant ads and suggested videos, and collect impersonal traffic data. these “cookies” cannot identify who you are or access any of your personal information, just collect impersonal data.
if you continue to visit our website, your action indicates that you accept our cookie and privacy policy and terms of use agreement.
check this site for embedded cookies




 comments are closed.




 





© 1996 -- 2024 mothersoy, inc. all rights reserved.

home | about us | contact us | privacy and cookie policy | terms of use | refund policy
statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration.these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease.

 
	powered by nirvana &
	  wordpress.
 




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept















