




jung kim's martial arts






































jung kim's martial arts






schedule

test dates / cancellations
north spokane
spokane valley



staff


parent & student guides

belt test curriculum
student study guide
language & terminology guide
board breaking, poomse, and sparring
guidelines & rules for parents & students

 book report
 home/school report



events

elite demo team
tournaments
korea trip
summer camp



locations/contact us









×


hello all jung kim martial arts families! 
welcome to jung kim martials arts.









jung kim's martial arts





schedule





student guides





locations












welcome to jung kim's martial arts!

						i welcome you to the website for jung kim’s taekwondo. taekwondo is a martial art originating from korea, it means ‘kick, punch, the way of life’ but it truly means more than that. the study of taekwondo will develop a harmonious spirit that affects all aspects of your life.
						
						at our school, children and adults train their minds, bodies and spirits. our students learn to show respect and honor, to be humble, honest and develop a strong self-confidence.
						
						you will develop coordination, balance, strength and flexibility. whether your goal is to get in better shape and lose weight, self defense, or to train for competition in this olympic sport, we have classes for you.
						
						please call us! we would like to meet you and have you come watch one of our classes.
						
						respectfully,
						grand master jung h. kim
					














benefits of taekwondo for children





taekwondo builds their self-confidence, self-esteem, and self-discipline
										they develop better manners
they develop leadership abilities
they obain a desire to set and achieve goals




they develop better concentration skills
parents observe better grades in school plus increased attendance
with progressive training children become more enthusiastic and optimistic
they develop a "yes, i can" attitude




they develop the strength to say no to unhealthy peer pressure 
they develop better motor skills, coordination, and strength, i.e. better fitness
they acquire skills for physical and mental self-defense
they learn how to defend themselves in self-defense situations

























the staff






						master kim's instructors are highly-disciplined, well-trained black belts who have a strong desire to teach martial arts correctly. teaching focuses just as much on character development as on physical training.
						
						master kim's first goal when teaching children is that he wants them to not only be great while doing taekwondo, but he wants them to succeed in life.
						
instructors and trainers










visit our locations today:









north spokane

class schedule
jung kim, head master 
donn greco, dojang manager 
509-467-4224
jkmainfo@gmail.com










spokane valley

class schedule
justin howard, head instructor/dojang manager
 
509-448-9209
jungkimvalley@gmail.com 

















copyright © jung kim's martial arts. all rights reserved








