

















private investigator news
















skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






private investigator news



internet research for the private investigator by california private investigator tamara thompson









pi buzz
home page
about me
my twitter
pi buzz twitter





















tuesday, december 15, 2015





find a confidential marriage



my inquiry started with six “no’s” and ended with a “yes” and a fist bump. what’s the law in california regarding verifying a confidential marriage? and who knows it? private investigators? genealogists? county clerks?


read more
location oakland, ca | san francisco, ca | california - private investigator



































friday, november 06, 2015





california adoption search and reunion



adoption search and reunion locates and reunites adoptees, birthmothers, birthfathers, siblings, and all birth family members who have been separated by the adoption process or other types of family separation.

i’m tamara thompson, a licensed california private investigator for nearly 30 years, with expertise in finding people and talking with them.

if an adoptee was born in california, i will identify the birth name, the birth mother’s maiden last name and the birth father’s initials (if available.) if a birthparent or family member hires me to search for an adoptee, i will identify the adoptee’s full name. this search is guaranteed. if i don’t find the name, you don’t owe me anything. usually, i can provide the names to you within 24 hours.


read more now at adoption searcher































sunday, august 16, 2015





private investigator links



mostly free websites for fact finding and online research for private investigators, genealogists, info pros, attorneys, journalists and the public.

 
ny databases | searchable and sortable databases 

newspaper map 

minority business development agency 

real-time social media news events 

csrtg aircraft accident database 

osha inspections establishment search page 

zamzar - file converter 

google hacking database 

time travel - archived websites 

location-based social media search | ground signal 

banjo | discover every event around the world as it happens 

best genealogy websites 2015 

search the world's historic newspaper archives 

atlas of historical county boundaries project 

social intelligence - assess the social web 

reverse image image raider 

send large files up to 5gb for free 

reporters committee apps - recording laws 

competitive intelligence news - millie 

wipo global brand database 
more of my favorite links are here.


read more
location oakland, ca | san francisco, ca | california - private investigator































saturday, august 09, 2014





my favorite private investigator research links (weekly)



   computer crime presentations and training    kyc360 online aml community-risk managment    biznar: deep web business search    prisoners of the first world war    white pages - find people for free | dexknows  posted from diigo. the rest of my favorite links are here.































saturday, august 02, 2014





my favorite private investigator research links (weekly)



   the one million tweet map - geolocalized tweets    twipho - twitter photo search    spothero | parking app | find parking - book & save 50%    raids online: crime mapping    riffle by crowdriff -twitter engagement and analytics    hello vibe - fastest way to know everything about your contacts    suncalc - sun position, sunlight phases, sunrise, sunset, dusk and dawn times calculator    hugin - panorama photo stitcher    geofeedia - location-based social media monitoring  posted from diigo. the rest of my favorite links are here.

































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)




















pi buzz










private investigator buzz




what? nationwide employment locator



                      -
                    



before you commit to a time-consuming surveillance to figure out where 
someone works, check this nationwide employment locator. the federal 
election comm...










about me




unknown



view my complete profile



search private investigator buzz


























receive blog updates







posts










                  atom
                










posts












tamara thompson investigationspromote your page too





 







