



treo ranches


































treo ranches      







explore treo 
check available dates at treo
corporate hunts
game bird recipies
guided hunting packages
make reservations
map of preserve
treo 2024-25 pricing
treo floor plans
treo menu
welcome to treo ranches

treo bike tours





welcome to treo ranches 
when you sign up for a treo hunt, you can be assured of complete relaxation. no worries. no fussing.
no add-ons. a treo package is all-inclusive.


from bed to breakfast, to ice-cold beer or pop in the evenings, treo tries to meet your every need. that’s how phil and kathy carlson designed treo’s hunts. 
plenty of birds–that’s a given, too. whether you hunt pheasants or chukars, there will be plenty of shooting. that’s the core of the treo package–lots of birds!
treo has a sporting clay package, too. our top-notch sporting clays course provides more than entertainment. sporting clays can quickly help you become a better shot!
treo lodge features:   horse shoe pit, bike riding, hot tub, fire place, central air-conditioning, satellite tv, pool table, wi-fi and more!
we are hunting from september 10 to march 31.

weekends – meetings – family gatherings – food & lodging

see our hunting videos on youtube
view photos of treo ranches on flickr
in the off-season try treo ranches inn and restaurant






weekends – meetings – family gatherings – food & lodging

whether it’s for a relaxing weekend or to get-things done at a business meeting, treo ranches inn and restaurant is waiting to accommodate you with good food and a place to stay. invite the whole family for a special event or just come for an enjoyable dinner from our special menu. we have overnight accommodations and will serve you breakfast, lunch and dinner. while visiting treo ranches inn & restaurant you will be pampered by our friendly and courteous staff, who are dedicated to making your stay an enjoyable one. so check our reservations page and then call to schedule your time at our family-owned rustic inn and restaurant in beautiful eastern oregon.

available from april to august. 

visit the treo ranches inn & restaurant web site




           eastern oregon visitors guide 

 










    copyright © 2025 treo ranches - all rights reservedpowered by wordpress & atahualpa












