

main strike telecommunications - broadcast faxing, broadcast e-mail, voice broadcast, fax-on-demand, telemarketing, databases, and more!




























































"i've worked with the main strike team for approximately four years and their professionalism, quick turnaround and customer service help me produce better -- and faster -- fax campaigns. they are truly a vital component of our marketing efforts."
allison s.
when time is of the essence, main strike has proven time and again to be accessible, responsive and reliable. and the personal service can't be beat!
joellen g.
"we've been working with main strike for years. they're fast, accurate, extremely helpful. all told a pleasure to work with! 

claire w.
main strike has increased the efficiency of our fax broadcasting process. they are reliable, responding quickly to requests, delivering jobs on-demand and with their low rates, have allowed us to reach more customers.
shaun m.









































•
broadcast fax






•
campaign e-alerts

•
broadcast email

•
voice broadcast

•
fax on demand

•
telemarketing




































site map  




















































fax services:

broadcast fax - simultaneous transmission of a fax to many different recipients.
deep discount international broadcast faxing - are you a u.s. or foreign company that sends a lot of international faxes? we can save you tons of money!
fax-on-demand - electronic retrieval of documents by allowing callers to select, using a touch-tone telephone, documents for transmission to a fax machine specified by the caller.
fax removal line - if you send out broadcast faxes -- either with main strike or another provider, you may want an automatic fax removal line!
fax mailboxes - an electronic "mailbox" for facsimiles, similar to a voice mailbox.
 - 800 international call forwardingcustomers, prospects, friends, or relatives dial an 800 number in the u.s. and it rings to your fax in your country!

e-mail services:

broadcast e-mail - send the same e-mail message (or one with custom merged information) simultaneously to hundreds, thousands or millions of destinations.
e-alerts for political campaigns - if you are running a 2006 political campaign, odds are you are actively gathering e-mail addresses from your constituents. the problem is, you need a way to get your e-alerts out quickly and easily. our political e-alert e-mailing services are the easy answer. 

voice services:

telemarketing services - we offer a full compliment of telemarketing services.
voice broadcasting - simultaneous transmission of a recorded message to thousands or millions of different phones - perfect for political campaigns!
conference calls - our friendly operators can connect callers from around the world into one audio conference call from our advanced conference center.
800 international call forwarding - customers, prospects, friends, or relatives dial an 800 number in the u.s. and it rings to your fax in your country!
800 voice mailboxes - allows subscribers to receive an unlimited number of calls at any hour of the day and retrieve messages from any touch-tone phone.
international call back - corporations and individuals located outside of the united states can save hundreds, thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of dollars each year on international long distance charges.

other stuff:

data services - nanp update - we can update your phone and fax numbers in your databases to reflect the nearly 60,000 changes in area codes and exchanges in the north american numbering plan
lobbying services - we offer great services like dial-a-vote, autosurvey and more!
other services - note: we provide a wide variety of specialized services that are not listed. if the service you are interested in is not shown, please contact us to inquire about your needs.
fun stuff -  - free e-mailed electronic postcards and games!
about main strike - background, career opportunities, agent opportunities, help police find missing kids
maximus the mastiff! - photos and a sometimes live puppycam!





