









passion embroidery shop, t-shirt & greeting card designs



















































skip to content





 

home
embroidery tips
embroidery stitches
about
contact
 






 

home
embroidery tips
embroidery stitches
about
contact














passion 
embroidery shopbringing  the  splendor  of  fantasy  to beautiful, embroidered  realitycontact uslearn more 






 







passione ricamo
the elegance and captivating beauty of expertly-crafted embroidery designs have been enjoyed the world over for centuries. in these modern times, more people than ever before are looking to enhance their homes, offices and other areas with a touch of classic art that has never – and will never – go out of style.
the elaborate cross-stitched embroidery of passione ricamo brings the fantastic to vivid life with timeless fantasy themes as its focus. the beauty of the fantastic and creative is cherished all over the world, as it transports viewers’ minds into a serene and beautiful place that is not merely a thing of fantasy.




 






















get in touch with us now!







do you want to bring an element of beauty, grace and fantasy to your life? have you been captivated by the beauty of the natural world and desire a slice of that beauty for your own space? reach out to us today to inquire about your own cross-stitched embroidered art.



  





tips on finding the top tshirt printers sweden has right now


printing t-shirts has become a very popular trend. in the same way that people like to wear specific types of clothing, these shirts are representative of ideas that they represent. some people will hire professional graphics artists to create t-shirt designs for them. they will then have these printed to represent things that they think or feel. others will simply get t-shirts to represent a group they are in. they might be traveling to a convention where they need to be recognized. regardless of why you need to find a t-shirt printer, there are many that you can use that are in sweden. to locate the best t-shirt printers sweden has to offer, follow these simple strategies.

how t-shirt companies work 

when you find a t-shirt printing company, they will all operate in a similar manner. first of all, they will likely have a store, online or off-line, with printed t-shirts ready to sell. if you have a design that you would like to have placed on a t-shirt, they should also be able to accommodate this request. they will have the latest computer programs, as well as printers, that can help you design and ultimately print your t-shirt so you can wear it. there are quite a few teacher companies in sweden. if you are in small areas such as visby, or if you are in stockholm, there will be companies that can help you out. to find the best one for the job, you need to compare them based on the quality of the prints and the prices that they offer their services for. their websites are usually optimised by digital marketing experts such as seo belfast.

how to evaluate these t-shirt printers 

you can evaluate these companies based on three parameters. first of all, consider how comprehensive the company is. when you go to their website, or if you visit a local store, you will see all of the t-shirts that they have printed. like a portfolio for an investment firm, t-shirts are representative of their overall skills and accomplishments. second, you need to consider the age of the company. those that are older tend to have more experience. finally, the teacher company that you work with may actually have a graphics design team that can take your idea and create for you. this will save you the time of having to create something yourself or find a separate graphics artist that you can use to have your design done.

do these companies advertise online? 

you will start your search for these businesses on the web. most of them are going to have websites that are professionally designed. you will be able to sift through all of the different t-shirts they are currently selling, and also look at different options they have available. some of those options may include fast turnaround times, group discounts, and they may also help you design your t-shirts. these are positive attributes to look for, ones that will help you make a decision on which company to use to get your t-shirts done. the next thing you need to consider is how quickly they can complete this job for you, especially if you need to have your t-shirt designed and printed quickly. do they have a promotional video for their business also?
companies such as riot online video marketing advertise companies such as these online effectively through eye-catching promotional videos.

what is the turnaround time for printing t-shirts? 

if you are working with a competent t-shirt printers sweden company, you should have your t-shirt by the end of the week. whether you are printing one for yourself, or if you are getting multiple ones for your team or group, the amount of time it will take will be relatively similar. it is the setup time that takes the longest. they need to have everything in place to do a run. therefore, once they are set up, they simply have to add all of the t-shirts to the system to print on them. this will only take a few extra minutes for larger orders.

what system of printing do they use  
 
most t-shirt printers sweden will use screen printing. this is the most common way that t-shirts are printed today. you can also do this using heat transfer systems. direct to garment printing, as well as dye-sublimation printing, are also highly popular. the choice that you make will be based upon price, but also the quality of the print. you will be able to see examples of the different types of printing for t-shirts they have done in the past. if you have an emblem, or if this is going to be more like a picture, they can recommend the best printing option to get optimal clarity.



do they offer overnight services? 

there are some companies that will offer a 48 hour turnaround time. if you are local, they can take your order, and in the next day or two, it will be delivered to your door. if you are not in sweden, the printing time  will be similar. it will just take longer to ship it to your location, wherever you are in the world. the turnaround time will vary depending upon the company. larger businesses tend to offer faster turnaround times because they have more equipment and workers to use. if this is important to you, start looking for only those companies that can print t-shirts quickly. they might charge more, but you will be able to have yours done in the shortest period of time.

if you have not been to a teacher printing company before, you will be astounded at how technology has really helped advance this industry. there are so many options for printing t-shirts, plus they are able to print them faster than ever. the quality of the prints will be exceptional, and the prices that you will pay will likely be very reasonable. you can find the company that offers the best rates by getting multiple quotes from these t-shirt companies. this will help you narrow down your final choice as you sift through all of the tshirt printers sweden has to offer. in just a few days, you will have the exact t-shirt that you want to wear courtesy of one of these companies in sweden.






touch your loved ones by sending greeting cards online
are you planning to surprise your loved in a new way this time? is he/she staying very far away and you do not have access to visit your loved one on their special day? you can still share the same feeling with them even when you are miles away. that is the magic of sending greeting cards online. you can plan the perfect surprise this time around with these greeting cards. traditional greeting cards are okay but when you are away and not able to send a paper card, online versions can be the best alternative.

the current generation that has access to so many communication applications has moved on from traditional greeting cards to the online ones. be it for birthdays or anniversaries or some other occasion, you can quickly send greeting cards online. it is quick, it is cost effective and it saves paper. there are many more reasons why online versions have become so popular in the recent past. here are some of those reasons given below:
friendly to the environment 
it is always nice to have a greetings card in your hand; you can see it, feel it, turn it over and see it again; it has that personal touch to it. but, do you realize that you are actually making use of paper unnecessarily when there is a better alternative in hand? when you send greeting cards online, you are doing a lot of good to the environment.
cost-effective 
online greeting cards are way cheaper than paper cards. you cannot even begin to compare how cheap they are and it is a very effective way of saving money. moreover, when you have the same kind of photos and quotes on the e-card, why do you need to send a paper card anyway? you have to pay for the card, and also for the delivery charge. that makes the whole thing so expensive. it is possible to send a gift and card with that money if you decide to send an online greetings card.
choose from a wide variety 
one of the main reasons why online greeting cards are so much on demand is because of their variety. you get hundreds of different options just for one single event. it can be a birthday or animated postcard or father’s day or anything, you can choose from a huge number of cards. the best part is, there are realistic video cards, flash cards and animated cards that make them more attractive.

unlike the traditional cards that only had one picture and a small quote inside, the online versions are totally different. you can always choose from the traditional-looking cards but when you see the animated or the flashcards, you won’t be able to resist them for long.


customized cards 
another reason that has made online greeting cards so well-known is the option to customize them before sending. you get a plethora of options for customizing the card. from embedding a picture to writing a personalized message to send a video clip, not to mention the various fonts and colours that you can use to customize the card. all these things are possible when you send greeting cards online. you can also add background music to the card so that when the receiver opens the card, it shows the images and the music runs on the background.
fast and reliable 
online cards can be sent within minutes. if you have remembered your special one’s birthday at the last moment, you can make up for it by sending an online greetings card. you will not have to depend on the postal service anymore. there were so many risks of sending a card via postal service. you had to wait for a response to know that the card was delivered.

e-cards are convenient to send and easy to create. you visit the website that allows you to send online greeting cards; you select the card you want to send; you customize the card accordingly; you enter the email address of the person you want to send the card and hit send. that’s all you have to do. the payment will be done during these steps. once the receiver gets the card and opens it, you will automatically get a notification. this avoids the risk of delivery failure. there are numerous websites that offer this service. you can choose from the variety of cards from these websites before sending it.

another reason why it is so convenient to send them is that you can send multiple cards to different receivers at the same time. if you planning to send new year cards or thanksgiving cards to a lot of people at the same time, you can make use of these online cards and send them immediately.
if you are looking for the best place to buy them online, then i would suggest buying from the card gallery as they have a great selection and very fast delivery times.

easily accessible  
they generally are easily accessible and can be viewed on a variety of devices. be it a mobile phone or a desktop or a laptop or even a tablet, these cards are designed in such a way so that they are compatible with almost every viewing device. you need not worry if the receiver is not home. they can still get the card if they have an internet connection on their mobile phone.

the fact that online cards have a global audience has made the websites more responsible to come up with newer designs and better features with a variety of customizable options. there is an entire section of artists who have got a huge amount of work to design these cards. you will be surprised to see the huge rush during the peak seasons like christmas or new year’s or any other festival.

online greeting cards have got a big fan following in recent years. the wide range of customizable options is one of the reasons why more and more people are shifting to these cards instead of sending the traditional cards. most importantly, you get to do so much with the card than the traditional ones that they would automatically attract your attention.





5 embroidery stitches that everyone should know
whether you are a beginner or have been practicing your embroidery for years, there are some time-honored techniques that have become essential staples of the craft. outlining, filling in and detailing designs require different approaches to your needlework. this information will help you identify the most practical beginner embroidery stitches so that you can practice them as you hone your talents. 



essential embroidery stitches 
as you become more proficient at embroidery, these embroidery stitches will doubtlessly find a place in your bag of tricks. this is by no means an exhaustive list of techniques, as there are literally dozens to choose from. however, these five stitching methods will help you advance your skill set and are considered essential basics of the practice. 

the backstitch 
what it’s for: stitching solid lines 

how to do it: pull the needle and thread through the fabric, moving your stitching forward. underneath the canvas, space out the needle and thread to the length of your desired stitch and then pull upward and through the fabric. bring the needle and thread downward through the end of the stitch you made previously. 

the split stitch 
what it’s for: filling in designs and creating outlines 

how to do it: create a straight stitch. on the underside of the hoop, bring the needle up and through the center of the stitch that you just made. stitch forward. repeat by bringing the needle through the center of your previous stitch with each step. 

the running stitch 
what it’s for: quick and easy outlining of designs 

how to do it: simply thread the needle and thread through the material in an “in and over” fashion repeatedly and in one continuous motion. 

the stem stitch 
what it’s for: the creation of flower stems and vines, as well as any designs that require a curve 

how to do it: create a straight stitch. with the needle and thread beneath the fabric, bring the needle up to the side of the stitch. this is similar to the split stitch, except you aren’t passing the needle through the center of the previous stitch. 

the french knot 
what it’s for: creating stylish accents and filling in designs 

how to do it: bring the needle upward and through the fabric. proceed to wrap the thread around the needle two times and then bring the needle downward through the material next to the spot that you had stitched upward through. hold the threading material taut as you do this. 

with these embroidery stitches in your reserves, you can begin creating and stitching designs of your own by hand. these basic methods will become essential as you progress your talent in embroidery. 





embroidery tips for beginning artists
so, you’ve decided to enter the crafty world of embroidery. this is a time-honored craft that’s been loved for centuries and has only become better and more varied over time. once you get into embroidery, you’ll find that it’s a fairly straight-forward process with lots of room to easily advance and hone your new skill set. but before you dive head-first into your new hobby, consider these embroidery tips to make your journey easier and more fun.


make sure to have the right tools
you need to make use of the proper equipment to get the most out of your embroidery and create the designs that you hope to achieve. the basic embroidery kit should contain:
needles – you should invest in embroidery needles of varying sizes.
hoops – an embroidery hoop holds the thread in place as you embroider. hoops can be made of wood, plastic or metal.
scissors – embroidery scissors are small and are very sharp to ensure ease of cutting threading materials.
fabric – many beginners like to practice with 100% cotton fabric, but feel free to experiment with different materials if you are feeling adventurous.
embroidery floss – this is the material that you will be threading through the fabric. it comes available in a multitude of sizes, colors and textures, so feel free to experiment with your designs!
decide on how to transfer your designs
iron-on designs are the most popular among beginners because this method is easy and quick. these designs are especially handy for darker fabrics and more intricate designs.

if you are opting for a simple design or pattern, tracing is another easy but more time-consuming way of transferring designs onto the fabric that’s to be embroidered. water-soluble markers and pencils are common tools of tracing but be aware that it does require rinsing off your embroidery to get rid of the lines that you have drawn on the fabric.
other embroidery tips to keep in mind
when cutting the floss for your embroidery, the floss should be no longer than two feet or so when cut. this minimizes the awkwardness of dealing with very long and impractical lengths of material.
give yourself extra fabric to work with, at least a couple extra square inches.
if you make a mistake and need to undo some of your stitches, tweezers are exceptionally useful at this task.
these embroidery tips are sure to get you started on the right foot as you venture into your exciting new craft.















 

 

menu linkshome
embroidery tips
embroidery stitches
about
contact
 

location via delle viole 110,
perticano,
ancona,
60040
0327 3256659

 





passione ricamo

©  2025 passione ricamo. built using wordpress and the mesmerize theme 



































