





riverside hotel in kendal | interesting hotels group



































 01539 734861
email us











our brochures 


download wedding brochure
download christmas brochure




										book now 


room
dining
buy gift voucher
































toggle navigation












																		stay



																		dine



																		leisure centre



																		business



																		explore



																		events



																		special offers



																		gifts & experiences



																		contact us


our brochures 

wedding brochure
christmas brochure



book now 

room
dining
buy gift voucher












.


















check in






check out






adults





children






check availability



























the riverside hotel - your gateway to the lakes
the riverside hotel is a historic family-owned dog-friendly hotel nestled on the banks of the river kent in kendal.
so whether it’s exploring the lake district, relaxing in our onsite pool and spa, enjoying a riverside drink in the tanners, or a meal in the riverview restaurant, we invite you to make yourself at home.











explore the beautiful lake district
lake windermere is just a 20-minute drive from the riverside hotel - giving you the perfect base to explore the spectacular lake district. 
from the hotel, it’s a short stroll into the centre of kendal, a historic market town with vibrant cafes, shops, museums, and galleries, and local transport connections.
find out more

















cosy rooms with riverside views 
the riverside hotel offers a selection of 58 beautiful ensuite rooms, including 2 suites. our rooms are family-friendly, comfortable and spacious, and most enjoy lovely river views.
the riverside is a pet-friendly hotel that also offers several strictly fur-free rooms for guests staying without a four-legged friend. family groups can enjoy the flexibility of adjoining rooms (on request). parking is available and is free to guests.
find out more











dine with a view
whether you're indulging in fresh locally sourced ingredients in the stunning riverview restaurant, or enjoying laid-back dog-friendly dining and drinks in tanners, we look forward to welcoming you for an exceptional dining experience at the riverside hotel.
find out more

















business meetings & conferences
modern facilities, a lovely setting, and great hospitality. the riverside hotel in kendal is the perfect venue for your next meeting, corporate retreat, or conference.
find out more











our leisure centre is taking a beauty nap for a few months!
our leisure centre will be closed from monday, november 4th, until february 2025, to undergo refurbishment and get a fresh new look.
thanks for your patience – we’ll be back better than ever. in the meantime, keep an eye on our website or give reception a ring for any updates. see you soon!



































































book direct with us for the best deals!
booking directly with us through our website or by phone will always guarantee you the best service and the best deals, so don’t delay, contact us today!
book now














surpassed all my expectations
having recently stayed for five nights at the riverside hotel kendal, i can confidently say it was an experience that surpassed all my expectations...
if you're considering a stay in kendal, i wholeheartedly recommend the riverside hotel. it's not just a hotel, it's a complete experience - great food, superb rooms, a fabulous spa, and the most welcoming staff. don't miss out on the opportunity to create your own memories here!
jordan, hotel guest




the most amazing calming views
excellent atmosphere, and a beautiful breakfast restaurant with the most amazing calming views. close proximity to all hiking paths and additional welcoming touches in the rooms which have made all the difference after being caught out in a torrential rain.
margotkan, hotel guest




the staff are amazing
we stayed here for 5 days after storm forced us to leave our home.the staff are amazing and we didn’t want to leave.
great swimming pool, dog friendly & fab staff!
dg, hotel guest




our weekend stay here was everything we wanted
the location is excellent. all the staff we came across were very helpful and polite rooms were very nice and a good breakfast overall our weekend stay here was everything we wanted thanks to all at the riverside hotel.
walter, hotel guest




we have enjoyed the weekend here.
good location and nice view to the river. free gym and swimming pool are a bonus. standard english breakfast but we couldn't complain about anything.i would recommend this hotel to everyone.
tom, hotel guest














book a table
make an online booking
book a table



book a room
make an online booking
book a room



contact
get in touch with us
contact us












riverside hotelstramongate bridge, beezon road,kendal, cumbria, la9 6fs
find us on google maps >>
01539 734861







{"item_per_row":"","item_per_page":"","button_text":"","event_attempt_name":"","event_attempt_category":"","event_attempt_label":"","event_attempt_value":"","event_success_name":"","event_success_category":"","event_success_label":"","event_success_value":""}









email address *




submit



yxbplwzvcm0tu2nyzwvux1dlynnpdgvfu3vic2nyawjl













riverside hotel in kendal © 2023. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | accessibility guide | web design & development by six ticks













×

riverside kendal leisure centre

riverside kendal leisure centre is taking a beauty nap for a few months! we’ll be closed from monday, november 4th, until february 2025, to undergo refurbishment and get a fresh new look.
thanks for your patience – we’ll be back better than ever (and maybe a bit less squeaky). in the meantime, keep an eye on our website or give reception a ring for any updates. see you soon!


























we use google analytics (with anonymisation turned on) to maintain, improve, and secure our website.
by accepting this notice, you consent to the use of these cookies for these purposes.



accept







