





money smart family & america's cheapest family - steve & annette economides



 
































































 
















moneysmart family


 




search for:



 
register / login  

  


 

 

upper menu
skip to content
blog
budgeting
groceries
kids & money
ecourses
money saving tips
shop
 

 





 welcome to moneysmartfamily


money smart family – making frugal fun
originally known as america’s cheapest family in the media, we’re sharing our moneysmartfamily lifestyle and making frugal fun!steve & annette have been featured as finance experts on:if you’re looking to improve your finances or want to change your entire relationship with money, we’re here to help you:live debt free & budget your money better
save tons of money on groceries
raise independent moneysmart kids3 main focuses of moneysmartfamily.com
manage your money
learn how to budget better and get out of debt forever

cut your grocery bill
read articles, watch videos to save 66% on feeding your family

money smart kids
learn how to teach your kids to be independent money mastersthousands of people read our blog each month. check out what was posted this week.see our latest blogsother popular categories
find free deals
save money by getting quality stuff for free

save on education
get scholarships and save tons on the cost of education

save on your car
save money on your car or transportation
favorite recipes
get lots of family favorite recipes for meals and desserts

college & education
save tons of money on the cost of education

see all money saving tips

fun
tons of ways to have fun for lessabout moneysmartfamilysteve & annette economides are ny times best selling authors of 3 books, youtube creators and family finance experts. learn more about their moneysmartfamilythey’ve been called “america’s cheapest family,” “the first family of frugal,” “cheapskates,” “tightwads,” and several other names. but what do you call someone who has:paid cash for all their cars
paid their homes off in record time
never paid credit card interest
took debt-free vacations
fed a family of 7 for $350 per month?  we call that being a money smart family. learn how you can save money on everything, manage your money like a pro, cut your grocery bill in half and teach your kids to be money masters.see moneysmartfamily on the today show

steve & annette’s 3 books
ny times best seller
save money in every area of life. 
learn more here

grocery savings
cut your grocery bill without using coupons! 
learn more here

money smart kids
the system thousands of families use to teach kids about money.
learn more here 








recent posts 

expired meat: how long is meat good for after expiration date?


top 25 sites like craigslist: alternatives for buying or selling fast!


pay off your mortgage early – mortgage free in 9 years calculator


how to find places with free wifi nearby: find fastest internet speeds


how to get dried blood out of sheets: 11 tested solutions to remove stains


visit our store 
buy our books,
audio files
and money saving
products
get details here!

 







media

facebook
youtube
pinterest
twitter
linkedin
radio
tv
magazines
newspapers
websites
podcasts


contact us

po box 12603 scottsdale, az 85267


about

about us
speaking
advertise
press kit
user login
terms of use
privacy policy
disclaimer
website faq
refund and return policy


free newsletter

free signup


 

reviews

books
movies
music
games


member archive

login
join
member articles


our store

shop
cart
checkout


 

blog categories

budget
car/auto
clothes
college/education
free stuff
gifts
groceries
holidays
holidays
housing
kids & money
pets
recipes
recreation/fun
vacation/travel


 






			copyright © 2003-2025 economiser publications, llc.   
			privacy
terms
affiliate disclosure



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 




























