              
	homepage
 





 


 






  














attend summits & events


learn & advance


join & connect


stay informed


participate


my profile


login
























                                                attend summits & events
                                            


corenet global summits, conferences and events
2025 corenet global summit |  apac
2025 corenet global summit | emea
2025 global summit | north america
india conference 2024
past events & resources
speak at a summit
sponsorships
chapter events



                                                learn & advance
                                            


professional development
learning center
career action center
recognition
seminar schedule



                                                join & connect
                                            


membership
connect with your local network
corporate/strategic partnership
connect with your clients



                                                stay informed
                                            


stay informed resources
events calendar
corenet global reports & summit connect
natural disaster resources



                                                participate
                                            


students
give back
corporate real estate 2030
corporate real estate week 2024

my profile




                                                corenet global
                                            


about corenet global
chapters
corenet global learning foundation
corenet global news
corenet global press release
my profile

register
my corenet global
careers
chapters



                                        global login 























search





























                                    join corenet global
                                





                                    earn your mcr designation
                                





                                    partner with us
                                





















join us in singapore for the 2025 corenet global summit | apac



                                                register now
                                            













exclusive access for corenet global members



                                                learn more
                                            













elevate your expertise: emea mcr group program starts in march



                                                enroll today
                                            













scott wiley named ceo of corenet global



                                                read more
                                            














view our services














































attend our global summits
































































who we are




corenet global is a non-profit association, headquartered in atlanta, georgia (us), representing nearly 10,000 members in 50 countries with strategic responsibility for the real estate assets of large corporations. the organization’s mission is to advance the practice of corporate real estate (cre) through professional development opportunities, publications, research, conferences, designations, and networking in 46 local chapters and networking groups globally.



  
 what is corporate real estate?corporate real estate (cre) is the real property used by a company for its own operational purposes. it provides corporations with a productive environment to house employees, manufacture and distribute products and provides services to the market. learn more




  what is the role of a corporate real estate professional?cre executives have strategic responsibility for their corporations’ total real estate footprint of owned and leased space and generally manage portfolios with millions of sq ft, spanning multiple continents.they partner with external service providers to acquire, maintain and dispose of real estate. career action center 




  why join corenet global?now more than ever, community and connection are critical. corenet global membership connects you to a global network of like-minded peers and provides you with a wealth of resources to help you find solutions to whatever challenge you are facing.learn more












2030 research project
corenet global will embark on another international research initiative aimed at attracting the best and brightest talent both within – and outside – the corporate real estate (cre) space to discuss the future of work and the future of cre.

                            view the key findings
                        













read our latest news










leading association executive scott wiley named ceo of corenet global








new in-person mcr program in china








corenet global names maureen ehrenberg and michelle myer, mcr.w, slcr distinguished leaders in the profession of corporate real estate








wentworth institute of technology wins the corenet global academic challenge








peter van emburgh, mcr is named corporate real estate executive of the year by corenet global







previous



next












































stay informedaccess news on the go with corenet global's - the source app! download the app








contact us





first and last name






email








        please contact me in regards to the following request:
    

- select -
sponsor, exhibit or advertise
earning my designation
become a partner
local chapter























                    new code
                




please type the code above 









submit


for information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, please review our privacy policy.














engage with us 


        view this profile on instagram            corenet global (@corenet_global) • instagram photos and videos 












            profile completion
        

















corenet global133 peachtree street, suite 3000 atlanta, ga 30303+1 (404) 589 - 3200connect. learn. grow. belong.
faq | need assistance? contact corenet global | site map | policiescopyright ©2025




 

      






search
when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.

















      
