             simon blow qigong | qigong classes sydney - qigong dvds - qigong china study tours

























































































 











      


facebook



0 items
                 home

contact us


who is simon blow

who is simon blow?
teaching experience
testimonials
more testimonials
inspiring stories wild goose qigong
newsletters


what is qigong

what is qigong
qigong styles taught
published articles
qigong videos
genuine wisdom centre
blog


classes & workshops

qigong teacher directory
qigong workshops & retreats
qigong classes centennial park, sydney
online qigong classes
workshops & retreat photo gallery


teacher training

qigong teacher training course information
qigong teacher training course program


china study tours

china study tours program
study tour photo gallery
conference photo gallery


shop

shop information

products
book & dvds
qigong audio cd’s
book and dvd combinations
qigong audio cd combinations
e-books
downloads
meditation and relaxation music cd’s


membership

membership levels
qigong members library
login/register
cancel membership


shop

cart
checkout
my account
log in


dvd videos

art of life videos
absorbing the essence videos
da yan wild goose qigong the 1st 64 videos
da yan wild goose qigong the 2nd 64 videos
restoring natural harmony videos
six healing sounds videos




  

select page


               









discover inner peace and improve your quality of life.
easy to learn, no special equipment or clothing required, only a willingness to practice and an open and caring heart/mind
 
what are the benefits of qigong?

calm the mind, reducing stress and anxiety
improve blood circulation and restores energy
increase strength and mobility
cleanse the body of toxins, clearing inflammation, heat, and stagnation
create a positive state of wellbeing

join our workshops and retreat program











discover inner peace and improve your quality of life.

join our workshop and retreat program

who is simon blow











qigong is a powerful healing system developed many thousands of years ago in china.






simon blow has been a professional qigong teacher (laoshi) since 1992, he has had the great fortune to travel to china on many occasions. studying qigong, touring the sacred mountains, attending international conferences and experiencing the rich culture of the chinese people.
simon leads regular qigong classes in sydney, australia for beginning and continuing students, workshops, qigong and meditation retreats, qigong tours to china for students and advanced training. he is the author of numerous books, dvds and meditation cds about this ancient healing art.



he has been working for over thirty years to help spread the benefits of meditation, peace and love. simon works with many different groups helping them to develop self healing skills to manage their stress levels and improve their quality of life.
simon has been initiated into dragon gate daoism and been given the name xin si, meaning genuine wisdom and is an initiated student and 29th generation of dayan – wild goose qigong. he is also a standing council member and deputy secretary of the world academic society of medical qigong, beijing.





qigong members library






see all master classes videos





join our online qigong classes

this prepaid online format is increasing in popularity as classes are offered every week, conveniently allowing you to practice from your home whenever suits you best, and there is additional in-depth training being introduced throughout the month.

join our online qigong classes







workshops and retreats
for future workshops and residential retreats with qigong master “simon blow”,if you are interested in helping organise a workshop or retreat in your local area.

































see our workshops and retreats







products









buy books, dvds and cds. download ebooks, videos and meditation cds







blog





guigen chinese medical qigong – wood element part 5

guigen qigong - part no 5: the wood element relates to the liver (yin) and gall bladder (yang). all of these qigong exercises are a 6 part series of medical qigong training sessions by qigong master, simon blow the video includes excerpts from the book and dvd--...





guigen chinese medical qigong – water element part 4

guigen qigong section no 4: the water element relates to the kidney (yin) and bladder (yang). the season of winter and cold weather correspond to the water element as do the emotions of anxiety and uneasiness and a deep blue colour. the kidneys manage water...





guigen chinese medical qigong – metal element part 3

in guigen chinese medical qigong, the season of autumn and dry weather condition correspond to the metal element, as do the emotional states of grief and remorse, and the colour silver or white. the main function of the lungs is breathing. the physical body takes in...






 







recent testimonialssusan lenngarth popplegrand master chen chuan gang – i wish simon blow to teach and spread wild goose qigong in australiafor any enquiries please contact us
youtube channelvisit our youtube channelbe updated with our workshops & events schedules 
 

  


facebook


copyright 2024. simon blow qigong          



 














































 

