



















welcome to family tree | family tree


















      skip to main content
    









englishespañol



leave the site click to exit quickly
















donate
volunteer


main navigation


child abuse


domestic violence


homelessness


about


support


engage


careers








donate
volunteer

get help now




main navigation


child abuse


domestic violence


homelessness


about


support


engage


careers







donate
volunteer

 
toggle navigation



















              empowering change. transforming lives.
                  










              announcing our new ceo!
                  

learn more











              donations by appt only
                  

we've changed how we receive donations



















please note: we are now accepting donations by appointment only. see more.
we are committed to addressing the interconnected issues of child abuse, domestic violence and homelessness
once a survivor of domestic violence escapes, they likely experience homelessness and children who grow up in homes of violence often carry that trauma with them throughout the rest of their lives. these situations have devastating effects on individuals and families in our community.
family tree works alongside people affected by child abuse, domestic violence and homelessness throughout their journey to safety and economic independence, providing emergency residential services, case management and advocacy, therapeutic services, outreach support, housing search and placement, education and employment support, among many other services. by leveraging a deeper, broader and more holistic array of life-changing services and programs, family tree empowers individuals and families to discover their own strengths to create lasting, positive change.











marshall street landing
family tree believes everyone needs a safe place to call home. we have been successfully supporting people who are experiencing or at risk of or experiencing homelessness for over 30 years. as we continue expanding our services throughout the denver metro area, we are excited to share updates and announcements on our most recently proposed development on our property at 5549 marshall street. 
learn more









  
          96%
      


  
          of youth who engaged with family tree community family resource team last year were diverted from further child welfare system involvement
      







  
          88%
      


  
          of households exiting our homelessness program moved into safe and stable housing last year
      












a story of resilience
michelle grew up in what she described as a dysfunctional family. she was living below the poverty line, her mother was a drug addict, and her father was absent. as a teenager, michelle knew she needed to leave, but when she did, she found herself in an abusive relationship. over many years, michelle and her two young children, tried to escape countless times but always ran out of resources, leading them back to her perpetrator. this cycle finally ended when michelle found family tree.
read more






increase family tree’s impact in our community by making a donation today



$20



$50



$100



$500



$1,000



choose a specific amount








              sign up for our newsletter
                  

get periodic email updates from family tree.





email address



first name



last name



birthday (month/day)




            captcha
          



this question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.

submit


leave this field blank





















footer menu


children & youth services


domestic violence services


housing & family stabilization


about family tree


privacy policy


volunteer


contact






search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    







 
 
    




footer images














copyright © 2025 family tree, inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy


website design by alloy digital agency










