

the agribusiness council
















 












web 
            contents


ethanol transparency project
membership 
            services:




nomination
                form







agri-network 
              card 




state abc links






alabama







arizona







                    arkansas







florida








illinois








iowa







indiana







louisiana






minnesota






missouri






montana








                    new mexico







north
                carolina 







north
                      dakota






ohio







oregon








pennsylvania







south carolina






south
                      dakota







washington








west 
              virginia






                   


international 
            network(aer)

agricultural counselors forum

leadership 
            profiles
lithuanian
            agribusiness council formation project
publications
organization chart
career network bank
subcommittees/task 
            forces(under construction)
non-affiliated 
            links(under construction)
heritage preservation 
jennings randolph recognition 
            project
william
            jennings bryan recognition project
general longstreet recognition 
            project
james
            wormley recognition project


ethanol transparency project









 

the agribusiness council (abc) is a 
      private, nonprofit/tax-exempt, membership organization dedicated to 
      strengthening u.s. agro-industrial competitiveness through programs which 
      highlight international trade and development potentials as well as broad 
      issues which encompass several individual agribusiness sectors and require 
      a "food systems" approach. examples of such issues are commercialization 
      of new technology/crops, environmental impacts, human resource 
      development, trade and investment policy, natural resource management, and 
      rural development.
the needu.s. 
      agriculture is represented by state and local agribusiness associations, 
      national farmer and cooperative organizations, and trade/commodity groups, 
      but the agribusiness council is the only national private sector group 
      positioned to embrace u.s. agriculture and its allied industries -- 
      whether in sponsoring trade missions, or representing concerns to 
      government.
as an  agribusiness
association, the agribusiness council provides access to a 
      communications network encompassing small and medium-sized agribusiness 
      companies, university/research institutions, other nonprofit 
      organizations, as well as public sector agencies. it represents a unique 
      neutral "umbrella" under which the entire range of u.s. agro-industry 
      players can come together for constructive, informal dialogue and action 
      within the vast arena of intricate agricultural business, education and 
      policy issues.
as an organization with international linkages, 
      the agribusiness council seeks to strengthen the u.s. agricultural 
      sector's international outreach through stimulating private enterprise 
      trade and investment solutions in third world agro-industrial development 
      - and fostering heightened public awareness of agriculture's vital 
      importance in national and global economic health.
historyinitiated 
      under federal government auspices by president lyndon b. johnson in 1967, 
      the agribusiness council was formed by a group of business, academic, 
      foundation and government leaders in order to facilitate american 
      agribusiness participation in agricultural trade and development programs 
      with developing countries - and represent private-sector agriculture 
      interests to federal government decision-makers.








nafta debate -- 
            both "pro" and "con" viewpoints were heard at abc's conference in 
            washington dc, co-sponsored with the american foreign service 
            association.






activitiesthe 
      council's major means of achieving its objectives include: 

evaluation of investment climate and growth 
        sectors for private agro-enterprise in emerging country 
        economies;
analysis of basic sectoral investment 
        opportunities and limitations;
identification of specific agribusiness 
        needs and opportunities for members/subscribers;
organization and implementation of 
        agribusiness trade and development missions;
facilitation and encouragement of u.s. 
        agribusiness participation in international agriculture forums and 
        national networking activities;
communication of private sector concerns to 
        u.s. government policymakers;
establishment and maintenance of 
        international agribusiness contact and information database; and
coordination of international agribusiness 
        management education/training.
identification of individuals and issues 
        contributing to the nation's history in an effort to preserve the 
        nation's agricultural heritage 







scope of 
      activitiesrecent activities of the agribusiness council 
      have targeted eastern europe, the baltic states, the caribbean, indonesia, 
      india, sri lanka, the philippines, east africa, egypt and the middle east. 
      many other countries have registered their desire to establish more 
      relationships with companies and other elements of the u.s. agricultural 
      complex - and the council activities will be expanded accordingly.











ethanol scam-- nicholas hollis was  interviewed on 
            fox news channel's
            weekend live about the health risks of ethanol smog. for 
            additional resources on this subject:  
            agribusiness and bioenergy: a case of dysfunctional partnerships and 
            anti-competitive behavior. 








state and regional 
      coordinationin order to enhance council responsiveness 
      to local/regional u.s. agro-industry (especially small and medium-sized 
      agribusiness, and farmers) and to effectively facilitate the transfer of 
      information from the national and international levels, the council is 
      informally linked to a growing number of state/regional agribusiness 
      council groups around the country. commonalities and complementarities 
      between emerging country and state/regional expertise and capabilities can 
      also be more readily identified (see state abc 
      links).
managementthe 
      agribusiness council (abc) is guided by a board of directors, a washington 
      advisory committee, and a small washington-based staff headed by president 
      and chief executive officer, nicholas e. hollis. financial support is 
      derived primarily from the membership, subscription and program fees of 
      private companies, foundations, universities, and individuals committed to 
      the international expansion of u.s. agricultural markets and more 
      effective policy coordination.







polish
            agribusiness association -- nick hollis speaks before a polish farmer 
            group at minikowo, one of fifteen workshops which led to the 
            creation of the polish counterpart association.





international 
      linkagesto strengthen its international outreach, the 
      agribusiness council in 1987 partnered with the agri-energy 
      roundtable - a multilateral organization accredited by the united 
      nations to strengthen the cooperative ties between third world and 
      industrialized nations in the areas of agriculture and energy-related 
      trade and development programs. through the roundtable's worldwide 
      "association" network, regional programming, and annual meeting - the 
      international agricultural forum, members are able to exchange ideas with 
      a wide array of corporate executives, government and international donor 
      agency officials, as well as access the roundtable's international 
      membership body.
challenge for u.s. 
      agribusinessas the world's largest and most efficient 
      supplier of agro-food products, the united states faces fierce competition 
      from an ever-increasing number of world "breadbaskets." maintaining u.s. 
      agribusiness global leadership requires a forum capable of embracing our 
      nation's agricultural constituents; and a mechanism for action on broad, 
      complex issues requiring multi-sectoral coordination and representation at 
      the highest national and international levels.
if you have an interest in strengthening u.s. 
      agro-industrial competitiveness, while enhancing your own business 
      outreach and contact base, and are involved in any segment of our nation's 
      vast agro-industrial complex, then you are eligible for council 
      membership. by joining the agribusiness council, you can have an immediate 
      impact on its program and policy direction. interested members are 
      encouraged to sere on one of the council's committees or task forces, 
      and/or to nominate a representative to the board.







courtesy of v. kuprys



lithuania
            -- president adamkus discusses baltic affairs and related
            agro-environmental concerns with nick hollis during washington visit
            in early september. abc is providing technical assistance for the
            establishment of a lithuanian counterpart association as part of a
            bilateral protocol signed in may 2000.  















            eurasian workshop 2015 -- nicholas hollis presents overview of u.s. 
            heartland topics at washington seminar for visiting agribusiness 
            executives from russia, ukraine, kazakstan, and other eurasian 
            countries.  















            training seminar -- abc president nicholas hollis (back row, second 
            from left) joins with eurasian delegates. abc often meets with 
            multicultural and counterpart groups to describe "agribusiness 
            council" concept and ongoing projects.





 
* the council defines "agribusiness" as a 
      broad term encompassing all aspects of agricultural production, processing 
      and distribution. this includes food, forest and fiber production, their 
      byproduct utilization, agricultural chemicals and pharmaceuticals, 
      agricultural finance and trade, agribusiness/farm management, 
      agro-environmental considerations, and land development; in short, all of 
      the major elements essential to the establishment and operation of 
      efficient agro-food enterprises. (click here to 
      return.)
the agribusiness council, inc.p.o. box 5565washington dc 20016

(202) 296-4563
info@agribusinesscouncil.org




disclaimer: the agribusiness council (abc) website is 
      provided as a service to members, supporters, subscribers, and interested 
      visitors. the council recognizes the value and potential of publishing and 
      sharing information on the internet. however, the presence of a page or 
      link is not an abc endorsement of its content, accuracy, timeliness, or 
      value. the views and opinions expressed in the pages and links are 
      strictly those of the page authors, and the council accepts no 
      responsibility for such contents. information on programs and association 
      schedules may change without notice. the council reserves the right to 
      modify the texts of these programs and schedules. comments  on the 
      contents of these pages should be directed to page authors, or their 
      respective association addresses.©2000-2021, the agribusiness council, 
      inc.
contribute to 
      the agribusiness council







your support is important to 
us!




       

