



premier property management



















































 










702-938-1300homeabout ustestimonialsservicesproperty ownerstenantscontactemployment opportunitiesresourcesfaqapply online702-938-1300
featured listingsproperty owners
make more without the hassle –
owning rental homes can be costly. the right property management company can make all the difference. our goal at premier property management is to protect your investment, minimize your costs, and maximize your income—without interrupting your daily life.
with premier property management in henderson, you can count on our local knowledge and expertise, supported by systems and processes developed over the past 40 years.we know what works, what rents, and how to get more out of your rental property – all at a competitive price.
full-service leasing
your leasing agent manages the lease signing with the approved tenant, using our professionally prepared lease, and ensures that all proper contracts are executed correctly. at the same time, rents, deposits and any fees are collected in accordance with local legal and financial regulations, and recorded in your online account. we also provide professional tenant education at lease signing.
click to learn more or call us today – (702) 938-1300
premier property is in my opinion is the best property management company i have ever used. heather, anthony and bob are a great team, i won’t go anywhere else.
randolph s burton heather brewer is a pleasure to work with when it comes to hoa violations. wonderful and great hoa coordinator. looking forward to working more with heather brewer!
yandy gonzalezassistant community manager, silverstone ranch    premier property management has been outstanding ! bob and his team found us the perfect home in a very short amount of time in a very tough market. the follow-up from heather for a few fixes that needed attention has been amazing. thank you for your attention to detail and keep doing what you do best!
kevin schwanhenderson    i was a tenant at one of premiere’s properties for two years. i’m 75 years old and have rented numerous properties during the course of my lifetime. likewise, i can tell you that this is the very best property management company i have ever worked with. any problem or question is quickly addressed and taken care off in a very professional manner, and they were also very fair and prompt in returning my security deposit
thomas carlilehenderson    thank you premier property management team! since we initially contacted you about managing a property for us years ago, we have never been disappointed with the service we receive. 100’s of questions, dealing with any issues that arise and finding quality long term tenants-you rise to the occasion. your service is a level above and we sincerely appreciate every one of you!
renee canalilas vegas    bob, i’ve been meaning to send you an email for a couple of weeks just to thank you for taking care of our house all these years. 
lenore long    many thanks to melissa and premier property by providing me great service in working with my property and the local hoa.  it is truly appreciated how you responded to my needs and questions.
darbee smithlas vegas    i’ve been working with premier as an owner for over 20 years and never had a problem that wasn’t corrected quickly and professionally. i can’t say enough good things about this company and the personal…. please keep up the great work, i’m looking forward to another 20 years!!! 
dean m.henderson    great staff! as with any rental property (or any property for that matter), it was not without issues. that being said any time an issue/repair came up, the staff were responsive and resolved the issue. staff were always courteous and professional with us, and i know for a fact that they went to bat for us at least once with the property owner. very reasonable and fair company.
zack westerhenderson    premier has been managing my residential rental properties for many years now. my places are well cared for and they always, always find quality tenants which reduces practically to zero the headaches and aggravation associated with rental property. father/son family business with a great admin staff. i highly recommend them. 
richard b    bob and his team at premiere property management are great! they have always been quick to respond to any questions or concerns i may have. i love that they take such an interest in maintaining their rental properties which is a plus for the property owners. i would highly recommend premiere property management for renters and owners alike!
karen leelas vegas    thank you bob – great to work with you and your team the past three years!
michael y.henderson    thank you bob for all of your support and guidance these years!  you have made everything run smoothly.  yes, we were happy with the property transaction. thank you!  thank you! 
nikki k.las vegas    i would highly recommend premier property management. bob and his team have taken excellent care of me and many of my customers over the years. they are great! they have been in business for over 30 years and they know the business extremely well! now that the real estate market is improving, there are property management companies popping everywhere and their inexperience is giving knowledgeable and experienced property managers & management companies a bad reputation. bob and his team are the best in town!
nicholas s.las vegas    we were looking for a home to rent,  found the place but reading the reviews on premier property management made us a little hesitate.  long story short, we had a great experience renting from premier property management. they were on the ball.  any questions asked they would answer.  if not, they said they would check and call back which they did.  we had to extend our rental for 3 more months due to out of state move.  bob’s team checked with the owner, came back with a fair reasonable extension rate. heater and air condition was no worries. before the summer and winter began, they called to remind us they were sending vendors to check out the equipment making sure it’s running properly.  on a friday morning, the water heater broke and leaking.  within a few hours, the plumber was there replacing it. we have two small dogs, two pet security deposit and the rental deposit was required.  we thought we will never see any of the security deposits back especially the two pet security(…)
lai w.henderson    my mother and i have lived in a property managed by premier for the past 9 years.  in all of the years, there have been repairs that needed to be done in the home.   bob and his staff were always available and extremely easy to communicate with.  even when the repair was a difficult one, bad compressor in the ac unit, they never gave up.  they did multiple things to the home to get the unit working correctly, new compressor, new thermostat, even building a firewall in the attic.  these repairs were done in a very timely manner.  they went over and above to rectify all of the issues.  we plan on staying in the home and enjoy working with such a professional management group.  thank you, bob and all of your wonderful staff!!!!
jena t.las vegas    premier property management has been managing two rental homes for us for the past ten years, and we haven’t had a single problem. the office staff is great: professional and knowledgeable yet friendly and accommodating. their communication with us is excellent, and issues are resolved quickly. 
they have contact info for many professionals that can resolve a variety of needs when it comes to home improvement or basic maintenance. bob page is excellent, and his real estate knowledge and experience become assets to owners and tenants alike. we highly recommend premier property management.
susan b.n. las vegas    this is a wonderful family owned management company! chris was so warm and professional when we did our move-in inspection – notating and documenting everything, making sure we had no questions/concerns. we stayed in our rental for 5 years – any problems/maintenance were seen to extremely quickly by qualified, professional contractors & service people. the office was very responsive to any communication we sent them and everyone we spoke to with on the team – chris, bob and all the lovely ladies in the office were always professional, knowledgeable and polite. 
unfortunately our unit had a fire due to an electrical malfunction with an older dryer. the damage was thankfully not extensive but we had no idea what to do! we called premiere and they had an amazing restoration specialist there for us same day after hours to help and advise us. the home-owner was less than stellar in the process of resolving the damage to our unit but bob and the premier staff were very supportive thr(…)
nadia j.henderson    i worked with bob page and premier property management because they assisted me with the rental of a property i own. i found bob page to be very knowledgeable. there is no substitute for years in the business. 
he and his staff were very helpful.
betsy f.las vegas    i am renting a apartment right now from premier property management and i have to say that i’ve never felt more safe with it just be me and my daughter. i am just going through a divorce so this is mine and my daughter’s first home together we are starting over from scratch everyone has been so helpful.
the area is amazing when i moved in it was a couple problems with the apartment and i notified premier property management and they fixed it right away. the staff has bent over backwards to make this experience be as rewarding as possible and i would tell many of my friends and family.
kristy h.las vegas    for several years, premier property management has been taking care of three houses for us. we could not be more satisfied. bob and his team go the extra mile to keep the properties in good shape and limit downtime.
minh s.bloomington, in    we are moving into the perfect house! i want to thank chris for being professional and very knowledgeable about the area. everyone in the office was really nice and made this a pleasant experience.
everyone that we dealt with prior to premier almost had me running for the hills! one yahoo after another. lies, missed appointments and down right rude behavior from so called professionals.
shame on you.
went out on our own and everything happened they way it was supposed to.
if you are looking to rent a home, call them, they won’t leave you hanging!!
kelly c.henderson    



© 1998 – 2025 / all rights reserved
site map / copyright / privacy/ credits

 menu


















