



salem witch trials page - history of the 1692 witch trials in salem













 

 











salem witch trials































salem witch trials
salem. 1692. the events that took place in the town 
of salem and nearby towns in massachusetts will be forever regarded as one 
of our young nation's most tarnished moments in history. we won't forget. 
we can't forget.



since 1999, this site has served to chronicle the events 
that took place during one of the darkest moments in u.s. history. witchcraft? voodoo? 
free speech before the consitution? political agendas? personal vendettas? this website 
covers plenty. from a scholarly perspective detailing the events that led 
to what is widely regarded as a judicial travesty to the biographies 
of the afflicted, the accused and 
the victims, we have it all here. in 2007, we even added videos.


naturally we also have a detailed timeline and 
our popular salem quiz. this site has been featured 
on courttv.com, cbs news and discovery channel but it's also a site 
that features you. we present the facts and you will hopefully come to 
your own conclusion as you delve deeper into the salem witch trials at salemwitchtrials.com.   

do explore around. you will also find salem travel tips, information on witch costumes, 
and an online bookstore. and, yes, many of your basic questions about the salem 
trials can be found -- and answered -- on our witch trial faq section as well. so 
get started. history waits for no one. 
 





















salem witch trials:home
salem witchcraft
trial transcripts
the afflicted
the accused
the victims
biographies 
salem quiz
videos
timeline
books
faqs
trip to salem:
travel to salem
halloween in salem
everything else:
witch costumes 
american history notes
media requests


 



 





salemwitchtrials.com is part of the siteclopedia network of 
edutainment websites. the original web designer and creator of this site was tim sutter. media requests and feedback are always welcome - contact us





 





