


angela lorenz artist's book homepage








to view the artist's works and collected websites, please visit: 
www.angelonium.com
			---------------------------
visual artist angela lorenz (b. usa) resides in new england with annual stays in bologna, italy. her conceptual approach in research-driven art projects fosters data visualization: any artistic process or material is ripe for use to express an idea. the work centers on material culture, visual culture and language. frequent topics include archaeology, architecture, textiles and literature. the artist infuses humor whenever possible to leaven the tragic nature of lives lived, and as a mnemonic to aid memory. her watercolors, prints, multiples and artist’s books live in over 100 public collections in the us and abroad, and have been widely exhibited. she received a b.a. in fine arts and semiotics from brown university, which included classes at risd in graphics and glass and a year at the university of bologna (dams). 

lorenz’s work is both in the permanent collections of and has been exhibited at the metropolitan museum of art, the national gallery of art, the clark art institute, the portland museum of art, the addison gallery of american art, the walker art center, the brooklyn museum, houghton library, the new york public library, the national museum of women in the arts and the british library. other collections include smithsonian american art museum (saam), the getty, harvard art museums, the bibliotheque nationale de france, the albertina museum, the victoria & albert, the wits art museum, the kemper art museum, mount holyoke college art museum and library of congress. other exhibitions include mass moca, tufts university art gallery, the farnsworth art museum, davis & langdale, bell gallery, new orleans museum of art, palazzo fava, museo archeologico di bologna, and the yale university art gallery.

 teaching and critiquing engagements include resident faculty at skowhegan school of painting and sculpture; elson artist in residence at the addison gallery of american art; faculty artist in residence at the scuola internazionale di grafica venezia; adjunct faculty, nyu; faculty, women’s studio workshop; guest critic, graduate program in printmaking and book arts, university of the arts; visiting artist, mfa program in art practice, stanford university; visiting artist in applied arts, wellesley college; visiting artist, colorado college; visiting critic, european honors program, risd (italy) and summer institute for graphic design studies, risd; accademia di belle arti, bologna and ravenna (italy); camberwell college for the arts (uk).


the artist has lectured on her work in academic conferences and symposia at harvard, dartmouth, yale and university of pennsylvania and for named lecture series at skowhegan school of painting and sculpture, john carter brown library, bowdoin college library and johns hopkins university. museum lectures include museum of fine arts, boston; tufts university art gallery; brooklyn museum; addison gallery of american art; portland museum of art; coburn gallery; the farnsworth art museum and mass moca. she frequently gives public lectures at universities and public libraries across the us, and has been a speaker for many arts and bibliographic organizations, such as the textile study group, new york; the st. botolph club, boston; the baxter society, portland; the book arts guild, seattle; the bibliographical press, new haven and the international john bunyan society. 

 features on lorenz’s work have appeared in the boston globe, la repubblica and the benezit dictionary of artists published by oxford university press. her works and references to her prose and poetry have been reproduced in monographs published by the victoria & albert museum, thames & hudson, scolar press, routledge, rockport publishers, the addison gallery of american art, the national gallery of art, houghton library and the national museum for women in the arts. a forthcoming monograph on the artist’s work will be published by the jenny-press (new haven) in 2022. other periodicals include art monthly, print collector’s newsletter, the maine sunday telegram, the boston phoenix and world of interiors.

in 2019 the artist received the award for outstanding contribution to the art of the book by center for book arts, new york.



what is an artist book and writings by angela lorenz

 


to view the artist's works and collected websites, please visit: 
www.angelonium.com

   

    ©angela lorenz

    permission to reproduce writings or images must  be requested from the author.


  







