











warning: cognitive dissonance may occur






















		advanced features of this website require that you enable javascript in your browser. thank you!	







warning: cognitive dissonance may occur



menu
skip to content
homeabout











omnivores, carnivores, & herbivores



noelle1000 • february 18, 2016 


people just love their labels. of course, there are many sub-classes for each of these categories, but, i'm just going to stick with the major ones.

carnivore - only capable of eating meat
omnivore - capable of eating meat and a plant-based diet
vegetarian - only eats a plant-based diet. may or may not eat dairy. (this one is a grey area)(hey, why isnt this called herbivore??)
vegan - does not eat anything that involves an animal. and it goes beyond that and is considered a lifestyle, too. they dont use anything in their daily lives that involved an animal...like leather, for example.
pescetarian - eats a plant-based diet, dairy, and fish.
pollotarian - eats a plant-based diet, dairy, fish, and fowl.

in doing a little research about the whole herbivore vs vegetarian labels, it seems that herbivore and carnivore are more 'scientific' than choice. those classify an animal that only has the capability of eating a specific diet. so, regardless of personal eating choice, humans would be classified at omnivores.
a vegan, a doctor, and an italian walk into a bar. within five minutes, everyone knows it. oooh, what if one person is all three?? bonus points if that person mentions all three 'labels' within five minutes! 


			posted in alternative health on february 18, 2016 by noelle1000.						
					




vegetarian? vegan? pescatarian?



noelle1000 • february 17, 2016 


i don't really need a defining label. all i know is that i got to the point that my respect for life encompassed all living creatures around me. if i had respect towards the life of a fly, then how could i possibly eat meat? i've seen the question, "if you had to kill the animal to eat it, would you?" maybe if my life depended on it. that's obviously not the case. and i live in nebraska...the beef state. i see cattle haulers almost every day heading to the slaughterhouses in south omaha. i can never look when i pass them. all those soulful brown eyes looking through the slats... curious. scared. a mere hour from death.



			posted in more about me on february 17, 2016 by noelle1000.						
					




royal raymond rife



noelle1000 • february 16, 2016 


everything on this planet is formed from molecules. molecules are groupings of specific atoms and they form the matter that we can see (and, by virtue of obviousness, so do atoms). every molecule oscillates at its own distinct frequency...and each vibrating molecule has a destruction frequency. what i mean is that there is a specific frequency that can destroy a specific molecule. or, as dr rife coined it, the 'mortal oscillatory rate' (mor). how does a crystal glass break when exposed to a certain frequency of someone's voice? because the frequency was the exact mor to destroy the crystal molecular structure.
dr rife actually patented and built the first electron microscope. he could see the molecules and he could see the actual destruction of molecules when they were subjected to certain frequencies. using his microscope, he logged thousands of frequencies that destroy thousands of specific pathogens. enter the ama (american medical association). they branded him a quack and destroyed all of his microscopes. yes, dr rife posed a serious threat to the profit-based medical industry. they couldnt let this nonsense of curing all diseases be as simple as hooking up to a machine and dosing a body with harmless electrical frequencies. correction: harmless to billions of molecules except for the one that would be destroyed by that frequency. ...continue reading →


			posted in alternative health, vibrations. tags: royal ramond rife on february 16, 2016 by noelle1000.						
					




happy valentine’s day



noelle1000 • february 14, 2016 


cards, gifts, chocolates, professions of love…  who started it? when was it first celebrated? it actually dates back to ancient rome! the romans observed a holiday on february 14 to honor juno, the queen of roman gods and goddesses. on february 15th, they celebrated a fertility festival called the feast of lupercalia. an interesting custom was performed on the day before the feast. single, young people were coupled-up via a lottery, of sorts. the names of available young women were written on a slip of paper and the available young men would draw a name from a jar. the pairing would last for the duration of the festival, though, some couples stayed together until the following year's festival. of course, many of these pairings resulted in true romance, love, and then marriage. (the lottery was discontinued a few centuries later, as it was viewed as an un-christian practice).
ok, so you're wondering how st valentine got his name into this? it's coming… emporer claudius ii of rome was a bit of a war-monger and he was finding it hard to recruit young men. they didnt want to leave their girlfriends or wives and families. claudius cancelled all marriages and engagements in rome to put an end to that foolishness. enter a roman priest named valentine. he was a romantic at heart and continued to secretly marry couples. when his 'treasonous acts' were discovered, he was jailed, brutally beaten, and put to death on february 14, 270ad. fr valentine was later canonized as a saint and his legacy of commitment to love and marriage has been celebrated ever since.
and you thought hallmark and russell stover started this holiday!
why is valentine's day celebrated with red and pink colors? red is the symbolic color of true love. pink is the symbolic color of new love. ♥


			posted in miscellaneous. tags: st valentine, valentine's day on february 14, 2016 by noelle1000.						
					




herxheimer reaction – feeling worse before feeling better



noelle1000 • february 9, 2016 


a herxheimer reaction can also be known by other names such as a jarisch-herxheimer reaction, herxheimer effect,  jhr, herx, herxheimer effect, herxheimer response, herx reaction, or herks. our bodies have an amazing capacity to heal themselves, but occasionally become overloaded through various forms of detox. when the pathogen die-off exceeds our bodies' capacity to 'clean up' the mess, all systems go on overload to compensate. how does this occur? pathogens (parasites, fungus, virus, bacteria) die. toxic chemicals (endotoxins) are released from the cell walls of the dying pathogens. an exaggerated inflammatory response kicks in...courtesy of our immune system. we feel 'sick'. that's an extraordinarily 'cliff note'd' version of the process!
what are some of the main symptoms of a herxheimer reaction?
 ...continue reading →


			posted in alternative health, vibrations. tags: 528 hz, herks, herx, herx reaction, herxheimer effect, herxheimer reaction, herxheimer response, jarisch-herxheimer reaction, jhr on february 9, 2016 by noelle1000.						
					




solfeggio frequencies – the lost ancient musical scale



noelle1000 • february 9, 2016 


"solfeggio frequencies were sound frequencies used in gregorian chants one of which was the great hymn of st. john the baptist. the special tones of the solfeggio frequency were used to unite man with his maker. they did this by undoing all the conditions and conditioning that cause separation from source, be it physical, mental or spiritual.

the solfeggio frequencies were so effective that they undermined the power of the vatican so they were conveniently “lost” and went into oblivion for a very long time. ...continue reading →


			posted in vibrations on february 9, 2016 by noelle1000.						
					




what is orgonite? thank you dr reich



noelle1000 • february 9, 2016 


"orgonite is a substance made of resin, metals and quartz that strengthens your body’s energy field, helping to protect you from man-made emf radiation and negative energy. orgonite can help improve your life physically, emotionally and spiritually.
dr wilhelm reich, an austrian psychiatrist, researched orgone energy (also known as chi or prana) in the earlier half of the 20th century, and today’s orgonite devices are built on his findings.  while conducting his research, dr. reich found that organic materials attract and hold orgone energy, while non-organic metals simultaneously attract  and repel the energy.
orgonite is based on these two principles. it is a 50-50 mix of resin (organic, due to the fact that it is based on petrochemicals), and metal shavings (inorganic).  a quartz crystal is also added to the orgonite mix.  this is because of its piezoelectric properties, which means that it gives off a charge when it is put under pressure (resin shrinks when it is cured, so constant pressure is put on the quartz crystal).
due to the fact that the elements contained in orgonite are constantly attracting and repelling energy, a “scrubbing” action takes place, and along with the charge that the crystal gives off, this cleans stagnant and negative energy, and brings it back to a healthy, vibrant state." permission to share graciously given by karin from orgonise yourself (source)



i've done 'freezer tests' with my orgonite and the results speak for themselves! i did put a 'control' piece of plain resin underneath one of the glasses so that they would be sitting on the same type and shape of surface and be at the same altitude in the freezer.





my daughter ashley and i have been making orgonite for years. ashley is extremely sensitive to energy and vibrations, so she is always a good source for assessing our batch to make sure it's 'strong'. the picture at the top shows pieces from one of our first batches. copper-coated bb's and a herkimer diamond embedded in a two-part resin.


			posted in vibrations on february 9, 2016 by noelle1000.						
					




the beginning…



noelle1000 • february 9, 2016 


in 2001, i was watching a show on the history channel. it highlighted four famous psychics in america during the 1900's. i honestly can't remember who three of them were. the fourth resonated deeply with me. his name was edgar cayce. i immediately went to barnes & noble and bought a book titled, "edgar cayce: an american prophet", by sidney kirkpatrick. so many truths came to light for me. reincarnation. the source. angels. souls. the law of one. i have read it many times and have purchased multiple copies that i have shared with friends and family who i thought might be open to accepting new possibilities.


			posted in more about me on february 9, 2016 by noelle1000.						
					






search for:



categories 
alternative health

miscellaneous

more about me

vibrations


  recent posts 

omnivores, carnivores, & herbivores


vegetarian? vegan? pescatarian?


royal raymond rife


happy valentine’s day


herxheimer reaction – feeling worse before feeling better


 recent commentsarchives 
february 2016

meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
 






 log in


powered by wordpress







