

bird toys, busy beaks bird toys parrot toys - avian enrichment, make your own, books, wildlife art, gifts and more. your one stop parrot shop : busy beaks bird toys on-line catalog






















 



















 

                         
 




art by ludo bird toys books and cds boutique calendar of events chala clearance cleaning educational essentials foraging hideaways gifts ladders bridges miscellaneous new new new parrotal guidance parts perches toppers shovava shawls swings n rings shipping policies t shirts wholesale contact us search site


 






**new**  chala 
	added 
	to the busy beaks boutique!! gift yourself!!






from australia!! shovava shawls, they're spectacular!!




did you know that if you place an 
	order to be "dropped shipped" to a rescue or sanctuary, busy beaks will 
	match your ($ amount) order when it's shipped?? 




sumo says, start making your busy beaks' wish list!



 busy beaks vegetable tanned leather parts ... click here!! 




check out 
		the sola choices!! sola plant is non-toxic and provides 
		an incredibly lightweight chewy center that most birds absolutely love 
		to shred.  this bird-safe plant native to the asian tropics has a 
		lighter than balsa or cork texture making it ideal for the smaller to 
		mid sized beaks in your life! the sola plant has been used for centuries 
		for everything from art to decorations. it is plentiful in the marshy 
		areas all across the asian tropics and has finally made its way into the 
		market for your bird to enjoy. sola is 100% all natural and bird-safe. 
		 




crazy 
about balsa ... click here!! we have lots of new choices if your 
bird is balsa batty!!  




some fun, colorful new
		beads and
		cards have 
		arrived for your myot projects!  
		check them out! as always with beads, supplies can be limited and may sell 
		out quickly.



   



    
   



    


not for the birds but you deserve treats too!! we 
		have an abundance of small quantity extras that we decided to offer 
		to our on-line shoppers ... check out busy beaks 
		boutique!


busy beaks bird toys are veterinarian approved and 

    loved by parrots of every size from literally all over the world.  we're proud to offer 

    aronico, 

    art by ludo, bell plastics 
	acrylic bird toys, 

    busy beaks toys, 

	caitec, 

    featherland toys, 

    fun max bird toys (zoo max),  life's great products, poop off, mighty bird toys, 

	
	nature's instinct,  

    bagels & bogglers, paradise 

    bird toys, planet pleasures, 

	super bird creations, and

    wesco bird kabobs.  whew ... and so much more ...


busy beaks are happy beaks™!




 




join busy beaks mailing list 


email:



 

























this page was last 
updated on
01/22/2025
busy beaks, llc • 458 lucher rd 
• willis, tx  77378 • voice or text: 936-344-8400 
busy beaks are 
happy beaks™!
all pages copyright© 2000-2025 
busy beaks, llc-reproduction of any kind without written consent is strictly 
prohibited


 




join busy beaks mailing list 


email:



 

























this page was last 
updated on
01/22/2025
busy beaks, llc • 458 lucher rd 
• willis, tx  77378 • voice or text: 936-344-8400 
busy beaks are 
happy beaks™!
all pages copyright© 2000-2025 
busy beaks, llc-reproduction of any kind without written consent is strictly 
prohibited

