









independent sales reps, manufacturers representative jobs



 























































rephunter®

reviewsconsultblogcontact us877-895-2909login







connecting independent sales reps and companies globally since 2001
manufacturers representatives, commission only sales reps in all industries and territories.



find sales reps


find new lines




"try before you buy"


"free for sales reps"





find qualified sales reps with established buyers
close the gap between hiring reps and sales success
contact us about manufacturers reps




find independent sales rep job opportunities
add new territories
get contacted by companies looking for sales reps





reps are guaranteed. contact your next manufacturers representative today.
pricing


no hidden fees. create your profile today!




reps are guaranteed. contact your next manufacturers representative today.
pricing


no hidden fees. create your profile today!






find sales reps
"try before you buy"

find qualified sales reps with established buyers
close the gap between hiring reps and sales success
contact us about manufacturers reps

reps are guaranteed. contact your next manufacturers representative today.
pricing

reps are guaranteed. contact your next manufacturers representative today.
pricing



find new lines
"free for sales reps"

find independent sales rep job opportunities
add new territories
get contacted by companies looking for sales reps

no hidden fees. create your profile today!

no hidden fees. create your profile today!







				search: what industry do you sell to?




i am seeking products/services to represent


i am seeking commission-only sales reps



 

use commas between separate keywords or keyword phrases






get the best search results





best tip

enter a keyword phrase that describes your product lines or customers' business (who you sell to).
start with broader terms. for example, "apparel" is better than "apparel retail stores".
examples: retail, apparel, gift shop, medical, oem, industrial, machine, auto, wholesale, etc.
use your customer's brand name too. examples: walmart, home depot, fastenal.

second best tip

commas--make sure you put commas between unrelated keyword phrases.

advanced search

once you have created a profile, do an advanced search, which allows searching by territories and more.


show more search tips ...



to find results with ...


all of the words
			enter one or more words. all must be present to be included in the result. for example, the search home office will find entries with both home and office but not necessarily as adjacent words.
		

the exact phrase
			enter quotes as part of the search. for example, "home office" (with the quotes entered) will find only entries having the exact phrase home office.
		

at least one of the words
			put a comma or "or" between the words. either word must be present to be included in the result. for example home, office will find entries with either home or office. another more complex example: home office, copier will find entries with home and office or copier. likewise for copier, home office.
		

negative keywords
			to search for results that do not include a keyword (example: home office but not copier), use a minus sign immediately before the keyword you wish to omit.
			example: home office -copier







create your free profile














* fields required




my objective:

i am seeking products/services to represent


i am seeking commission-only sales reps





i understand rephunter serves only commission-only reps and rep agencies. rephunter has no employment or salaried positions.








*  contact first name



*  contact last name





company name



*  phone



extension





*  email address






 
this email already in use.click here to login.



*  re-enter email address











*  password












note: to show your password,  click on the lock. caution: this feature should be used only in a secure environment.between 6 and 30 characters.use a mix of numbers (0-9), lower case letters (a-z), upper case letters(a-z), and symbols.strong passwords are not required, but highly recommended.certain passwords are not allowed. for example, all of the same character, or your name or email address.




0%
 


 
 





*  re-enter password
















					please click the checkbox to agree to therephunter privacy policy & terms of service andto opt-in to receiving rephunter notification email.
				



				save & continue button not available when emails or passwords do not match
			


					you appear to be looking for independent sales reps, not commission-only lines to represent.
				

					if you are looking for independent sales reps, please click here to go to the correct page and fill out the form.
				

					otherwise, click the "x" in the upper right of this box to continue.
				










outsource recruiting of your full-commission rep sales force








too much on your plate? let rephunter recruit your independent sales reps with our full-service sales rep recruiting.
sales rep recruiting
if you are a 1099 sales representative, we will actively promote your profile to companies searching for reps in your industry. create your free rephunter profile today!





manufacturers representatives and companies review rephunter

 trustpilot



 trustpilot






got questions? our independent sales rep blog has the answer








we cover all the most commonly asked questions about working with manufacturers reps and independent sales reps, commission rates, tips for the best sales rep agreements, and latest tools for helping sales reps.


useful articles from independent sales rep blog


determining commissions for independent sales reps
21 steps to success with manufacturers reps—being "rep ready"
what is an independent sales rep?
a simple checklist for hiring independent sales reps
what to expect when dealing with independent sales reps
pros and cons of using independent sale reps
7 reasons to use independent reps to sell your products and services

go to the blog






we're ready to take your call










no matter your needs, you’ve got unlimited telephone support to help.
we pride ourselves on our member support.
our us-based staff is knowledgeable and has years of experience.
don't hesitate to reach out by phone, web chat, or email.








get started today!


find qualified sales reps already established with buyers
close the gap between hiring reps and sales success


find independent sales rep job opportunities
add new territories
get contacted by companies







never worry about your information


we don't sell your information—it is only shared with other rephunter members as a part of our service.
the only ads on our site are the ads we make for your company and our other members.



















reviews



consult



blog



contact us



call us



login




warning: most features of our site require javascript. instructions to enable javascript.





trustpilot








solutions
sales rep recruiting
hot sales opportunities
help
contact us
frequently asked questions
reviews


resources
privacy
services
about us
tips & tricks
terms of service
international
site map


find your sales reps
apparel sales reps
beauty supply sales reps
canvassing/door to door reps
food brokers
furniture reps
gift sales reps
jewelry representatives
other sales reps ...


independent sales rep jobs
apparel rep jobs
beauty sales rep jobs
canvassing/d2d sales rep jobs
food broker
furniture rep jobs
jewelry rep jobs
sporting goods rep jobs
others sales rep jobs ...



© copyright 2001-2025 rephunter, inc. all rights reserved. 























