




aviationshop.com.au






























 



 







 







 



 



 



 



 





















 
this page was last
    updated on 
    02 september 2014






ppl, cpl, atpl pilot theory training







"icao licence conversion to 
				australian equivalent"
				this course is designed to help those pilot's holding fixed wing 
				cpl or atpl licences in countries other than australia, convert 
				their licences to an australian cpl or atpl. a complete 
				conversion theory package delivered by a combination of book and 
				internet instruction files and featuring practice cyba-practice 
				examination questions. including instructor email helpline, it 
				is the only complete course of it's type in australia. no 
				in-class time required.
				the internet course order code is net 12.
includes review exams. 
click
               here for more information, and to order.

            
              	 



               

atpl 
			   studies by distance learning
atpl 
			   theory training with rob avery can now be undertaken as distance 
			   learning either by book or fully online course. for information 
			   on this 
			   click here.
or

			   in-class atpl studies


			   on offer are the four major subjects of flight planning, 
			   navigation, performance and loading, and aerodynamics and systems 
			   through an in-class option at aviation australia of brisbane 
			   international airport. lectures are by rob avery or his approved 
			   senior staff all of which have huge aeronautical experience and 
			   very importantly vast experience in preparing and focusing 
			   students for these casa examinations. for more information on the 
			   courses please

click here. the other three subjects can be 
			   studied via the "distance learning"option above.
 









daily
          aviation news online




now you can access
          complete world aviation news, thanks to moreover.com. updated daily,
          this service is free, and contains specific headline news as it is
          happening. concise information on airline affairs, products, and the
          politics that goes with them.
click here
          to go there now.














new
                      product releases



the partner to
                      atpl navigation part 1, this book covers the balance of
                      the casa navigation syllabus. from inertial nav systems to
                      radar, charts and great circle navigation to radio aids -
                      it’s all here. a must for anyone focussing on the casa
                      atpl navigation examination, or those pilots wishing to
                      upgrade their knowledge for airline interviews. lot’s of
                      diagrams, and every topic explained simply, in a way that
                      rob avery is renowned for. if you are not using this book,
                      you are working too hard, and paying too much.

click
                      here for
                      more information.
order code av9. price
                      $75.90 including gst.

buy
                      this book.













we hope you enjoy your
        visit to aviationshop !

enter here






last modified on: 
    02/09/14




| what's new | flight training | ground training | aircraft rental | maintenance |
    | employment | aviation support | air freight | aerial photography | consulting  | weather |
    | links | home | contact us | atpl
      editorials | feedback
    | search |







