






















home - boston back bay





















































































 







contact us
membership
 

contact us
membership
 














the time has come for the bba to convert to a business improvement district (bid) 









vision 



call to action 





map of the area 



the area we serve 





bid goals 



why a bid 





leadership 



board of directors 







vision 



call to action 





map of the area 



the area we serve 





bid goals 



why a bid 





leadership 



board of directors 













2024 call to action 



the time has come for the bba to convert to a business improvement district (bid) to support a more robust program capable of tackling post pandemic negative impacts to our neighborhood. to transform our organization, the bba has established a goal to proactively protect back bay from some of the issues that other cities are experiencing now, before these challenges grow worse, and we need your support to be come a business improvement district! 






contact us









area we serve 























why a bid? 



downtown city neighborhoods like the back bay are experiencing a decline in the quality of the public realm, as society’s problems such as homelessness, vandalism, stressed city budgets and aging infrastructure creep into public view. this affects the perception of the area by visitors, office workers, shoppers and residents. with this changing landscape, the businesses of back bay are forging a plan to defend the economic success and real estate value of the neighborhood by reinforcing the area against cataclysmic problems that are occurring in other cities. 



 






existing conditions 


















litter and trash						



















powerwashing needed						





















graffiti						



















focus on details						











 



 



provide uniformed ambassadors across the community to assist residents and visitors ensuring back bay is the cleanest, most vibrant and engaged neighborhood in boston 



 



attract new retail businesses and office tenants 



 



protect back bay commercial property values by maintaining public perception of the back bay as a safe, clean, desirable destination 






moving forward 


















serve as the voice  of the business community  to advocate for economic  vitality in back bay						



















daily cleaning and  maintenance of the area						





















install seasonal beautifucation;  lights in the winter and  plantings in the summer						



















connect people in need  of services with  support and safety						











president 



 



meg mainzer cohen 



president 



meg mainzer-cohen has served as president and executive director of the back bay association since 2000. she collaborates with a board of 40 business leaders, provides strategic advice to companies managing business development, and works with them to gain city approvals and build support during the public permitting process. meg is a critical conduit between the businesses of back bay and city/state policy makers and elected leaders to support increased economic outcomes. she has been a stalwart leader for the meetings and hospitality sectors in back bay, advocating for preserving the area’s robust economic engine. working closely with city and state elected officials and key agencies, she also maintains strong alliances with community groups and neighborhood organizations. meg participated on, and later chaired, the boston finance commission and served as the chief executive officer of the somerville community corporation, a community development corporation (cdc), which develops and manages affordable housing and supports inclusive economic growth in somerville. her first role in business development was as events and public relations director for the downtown crossing association, a nonprofit association (now business improvement district) of businesses dedicated to the civic, economic and cultural development of boston’s central business district. 






directors 









 




 



carlos bueno 



chairman 



managing director 



the newbury boston 









 



joseph hanley 



vice-chairman 



partner & director 



mcdermott, quilty, miller & hanley 









 



brenda adams 



secretary 



president & creative director 



adams design 









 



bill kenney 



treasurer 



general manager 



simon property group 














board 














 



joseph m. amante 



vice president and manager 



liberty mutual insurance group 









 



cindy brown 



chief executive officer 



boston duck tours 









 



guy busa 



principal 



howard/stein-hudson associates, inc. 









 



mario cabrera 



asset management 



asana partners 









 



timothy ceurvels 



vice president, government affairs and community relations 



eversource 









 



bernard chiu 



chairman 



upland capital corp. 









 



david colella 



vice president & managing director 



the colonnade hotel 









 



kathleen connor 



general manager 



loro piana 









 



chris dalton 



director, asset management 



asana partners 









 



daniel donahue 



president 



the saunders hotel group 









 



ronald druker 



president 



the druker company 









 



sandra edgerley 



president 



hexagon properties 









 



gretchen z. fisher 



managing director, corporate real estate 



manulife/john hancock 









 



leo fonseca 



coo 



kings 









 



nader golestaneh 



president 



centremark, llc 









 



dana griffin 



regional vice president, development & construction 



jamestown properties 









 



john hailer 



president, asset management 



1251 capital group 









 



michael jammen 



principal 



urbanmeritage 









 



bryan koop 



senior vice president, regional manager 



boston properties 









 



lynne kortenhaus 



president/ceo 



kortenhaus communications 









 



ted landsmark 



director 



dukakis center, northeastern university 









 



david leonard 



executive director 



boston public library 









 



abe menzin 



principal, executive vice president 



samuels & associates 









 



michael roberts 



vice president, development 



avalonbay communities inc. 









 



gary saunders 



chairman 



saunders hotel group 









 



christopher scott 



managing partner 



the capital grill 









 



peter see 



senior vice president, property management 



boston properties, inc. 









 



tabish siddiquie 



general manager 



fairmont copley plaza 









 



linda sloane kay 



managing partner 



sloane enterprises 









 



alan smith 



general manager 



boston marriott copley place 









 



jerome smith 



senior manager, external affairs 



amazon-boston 









 



mark r. wetmore, esquire 



president 



global athletics & marketing, inc. 









 



alfred wojciechowski 



partner 



cbt architects 


























contact us
























the woodbury building
229 berkeley street, suite 410
boston, ma 02116 






 







617.266.1991 



megmc@bostonbackbay.com 






facebook-f
 



instagram
 








 








branding and website by adams design 









learn more 
















 

 



submit






























