


aspen chapel : a spiritual home for everyone : aspen colorado
















































			search

			type your text, and hit enter to search:
















find usdonate








homehomepageaddress bookchapel lifechapel lifeabout uswhat we have been up to recentlynicholas veseyleadership + staffour missionour historycontact usjob openingsour sunday gatheringpastoral carechapel gallerysign up for newsletterthis weekprogramsprogramsmarianne williamsonspeaker programcontemplative workmeditation + yogaweekly schedulevipassana meditationinsights meditationaspen noiseaspen noise donatedeveloping conciousnessabout the courseabout nicholas veseybook reviewsbook list for the coursethe rise of global consciousnessoutreach + social justiceweddings weddings weddingspricesresourcesphotosbaptismsmemorialsrenting the aspen chapelaudio visualthe loneliness projectthe loneliness projectwatchwatchlive video streamingvideo wall - sundays + special eventssunday service video wall - oldpodcastsweekly podcastspodcast serieslive streaming weddingsspecial eventsspecial eventscalendardonatedonatejoin a circle of givinglegacy societyspecial gifts











		        
        sorry, your browser is unable to play this type of file. 
        
            you can still download it



  “one of the reasons for coming to aspen”

find or contact usget info on events

  scroll down for more information






				 












see ilia delio talking about the implications of donald trump's inauguration (10 minutes)










					welcome to aspen chapel

					the aspen chapel aims to provide a safe space for people to explore the deepest mysteries of life.





								a welcome message
								from nicholas vesey

more about aspen chapel




					teaching videos from aspen chapel and recordings of
					well-known speakers who have visited in the past.
see more





		        
        sorry, your browser is unable to play this type of file. 
        
            you can still download it





























































join our mailing list
keep up-to-date with all the latest news and information from aspen chapel

sign up today











 




aspen chapel, 77 meadowood drive, aspen, co 81611



					email: 
					info@aspenchapel.org


					tel: 
					
970-925-7184








low graphicscopyrightt&csprivacycookieshelp






loginregister








hello and welcome to our church. if you are a new visitor, we have a page for you to get to know us and learn more about planning a visit.
click here to see more.

visitors click here.







			planning your visit



	hi there!



we are nicholas and heather vesey. 
we lead the services here at the aspen chapel most sundays.
have a look around our site. there are plenty of free courses to watch from our 'wisdom from the top of the world' page. click here to go to it

if you are planning on a visit, here is some information as to what to expect:

when: we meet every sunday at 9.30am for about an hour. if you cannot make it in person, you can live stream the event by clicking here.

where: we are the chapel by the roundabout as you come into aspen. specifically here.

what: we (heather and nicholas) come from a christian episcopal background, however our community draws from all the world’s wisdom traditions with the aim of learning together to live our lives more skillfully.

and there are local musicians from up and down the roaring fork valley to play for us.

every week we will focus on a topic within a theme.

at the moment we are looking at what the topic of 'how to be good'.
as we work out how to respond to the time we are living through, the question 'how to be good' has never been more relevant,
in this series we look at the concept of 'goodness', and how to be it in our world.


there will also be prayer and meditation, generally led by heather, and nicholas will give a talk on the topic for the day.

finally, there is an opportunity for discussion and feedback as we pass the microphone around for everyone to join in.

kids? we also offer childcare with younger children being looked after and given creative ways to look at a topic for the day.

coffee and yummies. after the service there is a food and drink reception for everyone to get to know each other a bit more.

if you would like to be on our mailing list, click here
 













