




royal wedding cam




























































































username or email address


password

 remember me


 
forgot password






language:










currency :


$
€
£



















home
perfect photographer for your wedding
wedding photos ideas
about us
contact us
 














home
perfect photographer for your wedding
wedding photos ideas
about us
contact us
 

 















 







 



 




 



in wedding photos ideas



wedding photos ideas that you’ll want to have


january 18, 2018 
                        by dahlberg marilyn 


you’ve certainly heard that the wedding day will come and go in an instant. that’s why you’ll want to have great photos to actually remind you of the beautiful moments that you’ve shared with your spouse. preparation is the key to having a perfect wedding day, so make sure you book your photographer in advance and start thinking about a short list that you might want to cover. here are some photos that you’ll want to have in your wedding album
the invitation suite 
you might have a classic invitation, printed with embossed letters on white paper, or something special like a hand-made item with your photos on it. no matter how your invitations are, make sure you get a great photo of them and catch it in your album.
the rings
exchanging your vows is a magical moment, and it’s also the time when you exchange the rings. make sure you get them in a photo before this moment, as it’s a great reminder of the things you’ve promised at the beginning of your journey together.
the details
you want to remember how your shoes looked like on your wedding day? or your flower bouquet? or the small memories that you’ve left for each of your guests? make sure you ask your photographer to make great shots with them.
the glam 
applying the makeup and getting ready is a great moment for the bride, so the photographer should be there and catch the glam squat in action. you’ll get great shots from instant moments when you’re not looking, or when you’re smiling, so it’s a thing you really need to have in your album.
the dress
you might save the dress for later, but a great shot is one with the dress before actually wearing it. admire the dress in the years that come with photos that capture the flowing of time.
wearing it
before leaving for the ceremony, take some shots along with the beautiful dress that you’ve chosen. it can show you lots of things for the future – hope, happiness, joy and even impatience. you’ll surely remember those moments when you’ll take a look at the photos.
bride & bridesmaids 
the bride and her girls represent a photo that should be in every wedding album. smile, be happy and enjoy your time there, and the photograph will give you back amazing shots with your friends.
secluded moments
some of the best photos are done with only the couple, so feel free to show your love and affection for him when you take these photos.









 



in perfect photographer for your wedding



how to choose the perfect photographer for your wedding


january 14, 2018 
                        by dahlberg marilyn 


it’s a fact that many couples love to have memories caught on film from their wedding day, and the best way to ensure this happens is to hire a photographer for the wedding. if you want professional services, don’t hire someone you barely know. it’s important to research carefully before contracting these services. 
look online
the first step that you have to take is to look online. there are plenty of wedding photographers in your area, and if you don’t know one personally, many of them have online websites that you can search. choose at least four or five and look through their portfolio. as the media is wide, look also on their facebook or instagram profiles – you’ll see their real reviews from people who have used their services. 
the reviews
as we said, the reviews will tell you a lot about the services that you plan to get. people will express their opinions, especially if they’ve had a bad experience with one photographer or another, so look closely through their reviews. choose the one that has lots of positive reviews and close to five stars. 
the portfolio
once you’ve selected a few photographers, call them and ask to see their portfolio. some of them might not have everything on their website, so it’s better to set up a meeting and also talk in person with them. 
the time
the timing is extremely essential, because, in order to accept working with you, the photographer must also be free in those days. tell them when you want the wedding to take place and ask if they’re available. pricing should be discussed after you tell them your desire. 
the location
some wedding ceremonies take place in ballrooms, others in church, so depending on your location; the photographer will have a different approach to taking the photos and filming the event. if you want special photos in different locations just for the two of you, ask the photographer about suggestions. 
some couples go to the park or to the beach if there’s one close, so if you can go somewhere like this, you’ll have great shots. 
pricing 
each photographer that you talk to should be asked about pricing. depending on their experience, you might get different prices. however, you shouldn’t choose something cheap, as this doesn’t mean you’ll also get quality services. 
choose a photographer that you can afford, and also ask about backup plans in case he or she can’t come to the event. 
contract 
always make sure you get a written contract for your agreement. it saves you a lot of trouble, especially if you pay for this service in advance. it’s a guarantee that you’ll get the services you have paid for. 







photography updateswedding photos ideas that you’ll want to havejan18, 18how to choose the perfect photographer for your weddingjan14, 18view all
























get in touch 718 sugar camp road
eitzen, minnesota, 55931
united states
telephone: 507-495-6327

navigationcookies policy
privacy policy
terms and conditions
 

 subscribe to our wedding newsletter 





please leave this field empty. 

 









												all rights reserved. royal wedding cam.					




























cookies policy - privacy policy - terms and conditions



