














yoga for sociliosis with elise browning miller





























































info@ebmyoga.com





home
study with elise

private classes
workshops and retreats
public classes


our trainers
teacher training
resources
store
testimonials
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 

















why yoga for scoliosis?

yoga, meaning yoke or union, is an ancient physical mental and spiritual practice with its roots going back 5,000 years to india. the practice of hatha yoga which includes the physical postures, breathing techniques and relaxation has many physical benefits such as improved posture and increased flexibility and strength.
the body with scoliosis has developed a highly sophisticated compensating ‘act’ and it can also learn a more refined symmetrical ‘act’ with proper instruction. by combining the yoga postures with breathing awareness, one can develop a structural alignment, creating a more normal symmetrical alignment. this is accomplished by stretching muscles that have tightened and strengthening muscles that have become weak from this asymmetrical imbalance. thereby the body will create a more effortless posture using the bone structure, rather than over working the muscles to hold itself up. through yoga, one can find that balance point that allows the scoliosis curve to coexist with gravity and activates the body’s natural plumb line. the result for most people with scoliosis is better posture and less pain.
choosing to do yoga for scoliosis requires commitment and inner awareness. with scoliosis, it is important to not expect perfection but instead accept oneself, and find ones own optimal alignment and center. as there is beauty in the straight alignment of a palm tree, there is also beauty of an oak tree with it’s many twists and turns. psychologically, doing yoga is very empowering. it gives hope that we can do something to improve our condition and our quality of living.
“i am always happy with the smallest improvement. i do not try to reach ultimate perfection but only the little perfection of every day.” sparks of divinity, bks iyengar
faqs about yoga for scoliosis

featured yoga for scoliosis teacher trainer

find a teacher trainer near you


monique pickering

monique began her yoga journey while pregnant with her first child eleven years ago. yoga is now an inseparable part of monique’s life, and she thrives on sharing her knowledge with students of all ages.
 inspired by how yoga movement can change people’s health and overall life, monique earned certification and began work as a les mills bodybalance instructor. while teaching this fitness regime, which combines yoga, pilates, and tai chi, she strived for a deeper understanding of the benefits that yoga can bring to the body. today, monique tailors her attention to detail and precise method of teaching structural alignment to each of her specialized small-group and private classes.
 monique is an iyengar-influenced certified instructor. she completed the 200-hour advanced studies/teacher training program in february 2017 at the iyengar yoga studio, the yoga & movement center in walnut creek, ca. in 2018, monique furthered her studies with elise browning miller and is a yoga for scoliosis certified teacher trainer. monique extends her studies in the iyengar discipline via frequent workshops with yoga alliance continuing education providers.
 mobile (925) 300 7968
email info@mountdiabloyoga.com
website www.mountdiabloyoga.com

 



elise browning miller

elise miller, m.a. in therapeutic recreation from the university of north carolina, is a senior certified iyengar yoga teacher (ciyt) and is certified from international association of yoga therapists (c-iayt). elise resides in carmel, ca and has been teaching yoga throughout the united states and internationally since 1976. as a founding director of the california yoga center in mountain view, ca, elise teaches classes and workshops specializing in back and sports-related injuries.
read more…

news

upcoming workshops with elise

see upcoming workshops 

connect with me via facebook

visit facebook

my yoga site

visit my yoga site

new! yoga for scoliosis: a path for students & teachers
elise’s new comprehensive 150+ page yoga for scoliosis book co-authored with nancy dl heraty.
order your copy today!
complete with anatomy of scoliosis, detailed information and photos of poses specifically taught for those with scoliosis. yoga poses for fused spines included. more detailed with additional poses than the previous yoga for scoliosis booklet.

order now


new! yoga for scoliosis t-shirts
designed using an x-ray image of elise’s spine along with inspirational words. available in three styles, makes a great gift!

order now


yoga for scoliosis dvd and booklet
this dvd provides a beginning home practice for anyone with major scoliosis to minor imbalances throughout the body. these poses will empower you to take charge of your own back to improve posture and reduce pain and discomfort. this dvd is based on a therapeutic yoga program that elise has developed for her own scoliosis and has been used with countless clients around the world.

order now







 







© 2016 yogaforscoliosis.com website by itmcomputing ebmyoga store contact 
 

 
 
 


 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website



























































