


















cedille records | classical music recording company






























































 




your shopping cart

close







		your cart is currently empty.	


continue shopping






skip to content







menu


about
listen
artists
store
discover
 donate
subscribe
 







search for:










                                shopping cart

                                                                0



login












cedille records is committed to supporting chicago’s finest classical musicians.  




cedille is a not-for-profit record label dedicated to classical music and the artists who create it. we enhance the world’s catalog with lush, award-winning recordings featuring chicago’s top performers and composers. 
























 


buy
stream



shawn e. okpebholo

songs in flight





 


buy
stream



stilian kirov, illinois philharmonic orchestra

children’s stories





 


buy
stream



rachel barton pine

corelli: violin sonatas, op. 5


we work with classical music’s most accomplished and intriguing performers and composers
music drives all of cedille’s recording projects. listen to our artists and explore their backgrounds and discographies. 






 


buy
stream



ian koziara

silenced – unsung voices of the 20th century





 


buy
stream



eighth blackbird

composition as explanation









 




                    support classical music in chicago                

learn about the ways you can support cedille today.

                        donate                    













new and noteworthy




from orchestras to composers to individual soloists and vocal ensembles, visit our extensive classical music catalog.











 



now available
songs in flight features world premiere recordings of shawn e. okpebholo’s complete song cycle for which the album is named, along with four additional art songs — one from each of his other song cycles — building upon the themes and messages of his work, performed by grammy winning and-nominated artists known for their dedication to cultural and historical music projects.








 



now available
children’s stories features world premieres of works based on beloved children’s literature by superstar classical composers michael abels (frederick’s fables for narrator and orchestra) and augusta read thomas (gwendolyn brooks settings for children’s choir and orchestra). both pieces bring children’s literary narratives stunningly to life through music.
 








 



now available
for her 24th recording for cedille records, violinist rachel barton pine joins forces with period instrument specialists david schrader, john mark rozendaal, and brandon acker to record arcangelo corelli’s seminal set of 12 violin sonatas, op. 5.








 



latest podcast
on this episode of classical chicago, cedille president jim ginsburg talks with trumpeter mary elizabeth bowden about her experience recording cedille’s latest release, storyteller: contemporary concertos for trumpet.











 



donate today
show your support for chicago’s finest classical artists by making a contribution








 



behind the scenes
go into the recording booth with sound engineer bill maylone!








 



album of the week
enjoy 25% off cedille’s weekly featured release.








 



monthly playlist
newly updated for black history month 2025 and in honor of our february release, chicago composer shawn e. okpbeholo’s songs in flight, our black composers on cedille playlist now features albums from the past two years at the top.














who we are

mission
values statement
our team
board of directors
our catalog
our artists


media

press info
upcoming releases
license request
pdf catalog (downloadable)
podcast


donate

ways to give
ruth bader ginsburg fund for vocal recordings
soirée cedille


connect

contact us
cd subscription
email signup
submit a proposal
cd order form


facebook



instagram



twitter



youtube






 






 


























