










custom blacksmithing--artist blacksmiths at your service.




 








 artist blacksmiths hand forging new designs 
using old world methods 

looking for an  architectural  blacksmith 
to forge your  high caliber 
custom iron & bronze  accessories ?
we specialize in unique bar foot rails 
!! there are many unscrupulous  
websites that have stolen images from this website and represent them as their 
own work and/or content. don't be fooled. !!



you get  
  what you want:
your custom design or ours in hand forged iron or 
  bronze accessories. 



lifetime warranty : 
  on structural integrity of all forged components--if it ever breaks, you get 
  repair or replacement for free.

forging fine iron and 
  bronze accessories since 1999

 



 
                 
lasting value
 
 now you can have signed, custom designed, 
                hand forged iron 
                accessories--made 
                by an artist blacksmith-- for about the 
                same cost as the higher end, mass produced  iron accessories.  surround yourself with heirloom quality wrought iron 
                and bronze that will 
                last for generations.
 
need ideas?
 if you can think it up--our 
                blacksmiths  can 
                hand forge it  for you in iron, bronze, or even in aluminum, or 
                stainless steel.  and if you are not quite sure what you 
                want--you can help us  design it for you.  browse our 
blacksmith design 
              page for ideas.  
what's your style?
               
 chances are, our blacksmiths are already familiar 
              with your style of wrought iron. whatever your taste in iron 
              accessories, it is our mission to hand forge for you an impeccably 
              crafted, one of a kind, piece of iron or br0nze art that perfectly 
              compliments your style and decor.  
 our style is often inspired by nature 
              with an art deco interpretation. however, we are  
              diverse enough to compliment the tastes of most clients.  the 
              blacksmith design page features 
              functional forged art in a number of genre's. we have forged  
              iron & bronze accessories in gothic, art deco, art nouveau, traditional, 
              south west, western, lodge, and contemporary styles. need a 
              different genre'? tell us what you are after and we will research 
              your style if it exists or with your help create it for you if it 
              doesn't. the 
              blacksmith design  page chronicles a cross section  
              of genre'  
in iron & bronze.  


3" iron rope bar foot rail and 
                3/4 length corbels

                 


twisted fire tools
               
               
               

 

 

                bronze & iron rope bar foot rail

                with matching purse hooks

                 

peace of mind

want to limit your cognitive dissonance? (post 
                purchase anxiety)

now you can with our blacksmiths' lifetime 
warranty on the structural integrity of all hand forged 
                components.                                       


                 



                3" iron rope foot rail with matching corbels and waitress hoop

                 

                 

                 
            


 


       


all site contents 
copyright ©1999-- 2025
wyoming 
metalsmiths

