










donewaiting










































donewaiting.com





skip to content
home
message board
sxsw
donewaitingtv
columbus
wes flexner
contact
 










← older posts



unified queens

posted on july 10, 2016 by robert duffy | comments off on unified queens


hi folks, hope you’ve been having a nice summer. just wanted to let you know about a new shop i opened up last week called unified queens. it sells queens-inspired t-shirts and i think it’s pretty rad. give it a spin even if you can’t find queens on a map.


comments off on unified queens

posted in music 



done, waiting

posted on february 20, 2013 by robert duffy | comments off on done, waiting


if you strike my blog down, i shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine. – ben kenobi



comments off on done, waiting

posted in columbus 



an international anthology of wes flexner’s greatest misses on donewaiting

posted on february 18, 2013 by wes flexner | 2 comments


so this is it. please visit me at www.swingstateofmind.org or www.wesflexner.tumblr if you want. my email address is wflexner@gmail.com.

below is a collection of links that kinda represent what i did on here from 2007-2013. if you want insight on how i feel about donewaiting’s digital death please click here.
rap
me,yaves ellis & kweli talk to kids
oj da juiceman
waka flocka flame 
the catalyst
rjd2
stalley
me in a lone catalyst video
blueprint
envelope
black keys
michael carney post-grammy interview
patrick carney interview
blakroc
ohio punk
screaming urge
columbus discount records
times new viking
gaunt
deathly fighter
killed in action
vile gash
weedsteeler
daymon day
2007
daymon day 2011 memorial wall
bitch you don’t know shit
photos and video from 2009 daymon day
random political ish
take back the night
sean bell
obama
diplo
dear diplo
i ran up on diplo and he was cool as fuck
making people mad
marcon
juggalos
hell house
show reviews:
dmx
odd future
cam’ron
gucci mane show review
graffiti
graffiti isn’t art
columbus graffiti salutes golden girls
i was quoted in rammellzee’s obit
pbj paints a flying saucer


2 comments

posted in music, wes flexner 

tagged brick squad, gaunt, odd future, the black keys 



reminder: donewaiting anniversary/farewell website shows begin tonight

posted on february 15, 2013 by robert duffy | comments off on reminder: donewaiting anniversary/farewell website shows begin tonight


i had planned to write a longer goodbye message, but figured it’d be more appropriate after this weekend. until then, i hope to see you at one of the anniversary shows in columbus beginning tonight.
friday, february 15 @ ace of cups | facebook rsvp
dj detox, fabrashay-a, barely eagle, fumes, bru lei
saturday, february 16 @ ace of cups | facebook rsvp
eye, miranda sound, cheater slicks, sinkane dj set featuring ahmed & jaytram
sunday, february 17 @ double happiness | facebook rsvp
presented with benco
sinkane, connections, time and temperature


comments off on reminder: donewaiting anniversary/farewell website shows begin tonight

posted in columbus 



clinton reno donewaiting artwork archive

posted on february 13, 2013 by robert duffy | comments off on clinton reno donewaiting artwork archive


after the launch of the site, which my friend brandon whightsel helped design and come up with the original logo, clinton reno has been the visual identity of everything we produced. this included, but was not limited to stickers, t-shirts, advertisements, posters, album artwork for sunken treasure, tote bags, and even my wedding invitation. our professional relationship was never a real money-making endeavor on either side, and i like to fool myself into thinking that clint got something out of it, too, whether it was additional recognition or me just helping him move his printing studio from one location to the next. that equipment is heavy!
mostly for personal reasons, i wanted to collect as many designs as i could find in one post. putting it together was a real trip down memory lane, making me realize more than ever how vital clint’s work was to us. he was the creator of the public interface of a website, when we took our act outside of a browser and into the real world.
check it out, and be sure to spend some time on clint’s site too. an amazing illustrator and great friend, columbus ohio is a better place because he lives there. (now, if only i can snatch he and his family up and bring him to brooklyn…….)
10 year anniversary
with eye, miranda sound, cheater slicks, sinkane, dj detox, fabrashay-a, barely eagle, fumes, bru lei

9 year anniversary
with thomas jefferson slave apartments, p.blackk, zero star, bill fox, sundown, detox

 continue reading →


comments off on clinton reno donewaiting artwork archive

posted in columbus 

tagged clinton reno 



photos: moon high @ rumba cafe

posted on february 13, 2013 by rachael barbash | comments off on photos: moon high @ rumba cafe


with donewaiting coming to a close i am trying to shove as many photo posts in as i can.  hope you don’t get sick of me. (or if you do i’m still going to shove pictures at your computer!)
moon high
rumba cafe
february 7, 2013



 continue reading →


comments off on photos: moon high @ rumba cafe

posted in photos 

tagged moon high, rumba cafe 



donewaiting.com reunion tour? see you in a few years.

posted on february 13, 2013 by chip midnight | 2 comments



you don’t give a funeral speech until there’s a dead body. and while donewaiting’s going to be pulling the plug this weekend, i wasn’t born yesterday. i remember kiss going on their 141-date farewell tour in 2000/2001. and how did that go for ya, kiss? i wrote a story for melt magazine in 2010 about the scorpions final tour (yes, the band was still touring in 2012). donewaiting’s not done, don’t let duffy fool you. maybe it’s time for a re-tool. maybe it’s time for some fresh blood. maybe it’s time to take a breather. but while there are bands like the smiths that turn down all sorts of offers, you never say never to a reunion and i’ll bet you’ll see donewaiting rise from the ashes – maybe not in 2013 or 2014. but, if duffy doesn’t renew the url, i’ll swoop in and snag it and put together my own scab version of donewaiting someday, just like axl and the band he continues to call guns n’ roses. 
i suppose i should say thanks to duffy and the donewaiting family for the 10 years of letting me write about ’80s hair metal and the damnwells. and thanks to those of you (hi lisa ragland!) who have come up to me in clubs around town and said, “hey, aren’t you the guy who writes for donewaiting?” it’s been fun and, hell, throwing the donewaiting name around has gotten me into shows, gotten me some interviews, etc., that i probably wouldn’t have gotten on my own.
continue reading →


2 comments

posted in columbus 

tagged atomic ned, chip midnight, columbus calling, houston calling, kids interview bands, kiss, melt magazine, miranda sound, reunion tour, the damnwells, the scorpions, the smiths 



photos: jukebox the ghost, matt pond, lighthouse & the whaler @ the wex

posted on february 13, 2013 by rachael barbash | 1 comment


jukebox the ghost, matt pond, lighthouse & the whaler
february 14, 2013
wexner center
jukebox the ghost


matt pond

lighthouse and the whaler

 continue reading →


1 comment

posted in photos 

tagged jukebox the ghost, lighthouse & the whaler, matt pond 



ohio’s ian kaplan is arguably one of the greatest drummers in the nation

posted on february 13, 2013 by leo deluca | comments off on ohio’s ian kaplan is arguably one of the greatest drummers in the nation



photo credit: brooke medlin
while the list of drumming styles goes on ad infinitum (jazz, r&b, folk/country, soul, blues, et cetera), motel beds’ ian kaplan is arguably one of the greatest rock & roll drummers in the country. obviously, music is inherently subjective and there is really no standard by which to fully measure this claim. nonetheless, after repeatedly touring the nation over and witnessing a myriad of drummers, i really do feel it’s a fair assessment to make.
to watch ian kaplan play drums is a true joy. the dayton, ohio native possesses the perfect combination of playing to the song and laying low, while exploding in the most appropriate and skilled and entertaining ways. in a lot of bands, the limelight is understandably placed on the frontman. nonetheless, while chords and melody and lyrics are requisite, kaplan is a testament to the fact that a phenomenal drummer is vital to a phenomenal band. this can be heard when he plays with motel beds, goodbye/crusher, lab partners, or any of the many bands he’s added to over the years. when you match up pure skill, kaplan is the cream of the crop.
natural talent is clearly at play, however, kaplan’s prowess is namely the result of an intense dedication to his craft. to this day, it seems few work harder at honing their skills and continuing to grow as a musician. i had the opportunity to speak with kaplan before donewaiting goes print-only this weekend. thanks for making dayton and ohio proud, ian.
donewaiting: when did you start playing drums?
ian kaplan: i have been playing drums since age 5.
dw: what was the name of your first band?
ik: “naked henry,” in augsburg, germany.
dw: what drummers have had the biggest influence on your style?
ik: max roach, philly joe jones, steve gadd, keith moon, john bonham, aynsley dunbar, buddy rich, tony williams, joe morello, jim keltner, ringo starr, levon helm, malcolm catto.
dw: who is your favorite drummer of all-time?
ik: my favorite? man, that’s tough. i guess i’d have to say max roach. he’s the king. listen to anything on “saxophone colossus” or the “freedom now suite” and try to reconcile what he’s playing against the time signature – then realize he’s playing quarter notes on the hi-hat while he plays these incredibly, beautiful, intricate phrases. if there’s a god and god is a drummer, he lived inside of max roach for a time.
dw: has living in the midwest and growing up in dayton impacted your drumming style at all? i remember speaking with you about brainiac drummer tyler trent and his influence on you at an early age. are there any other regional drummers that influenced your approach to the instrument?
ik: definitely has. before i moved here, i hadn’t been involved in any sort of music “scene,” as it were. i was young and, even though, in germany the drinking-age and, therefore, entry age to shows was low (16), there was little to no opportunity for kids my age, be they americans or germans, to really throw shows or have bands. here, it was a completely different story. everything i’d read about a city with a  community of like-minded musicians actually happened here and continues to happen. the first time i got to see some of dayton’s bands, i was completely blown away. tyler trent definitely had a huge impact on my playing. i couldn’t believe how controlled and precise he is, but simultaneously seems as if he is having an out-of-body experience when he plays. the power and the visceral emotion he put into every beat really had an effect on me and i think it’s still reflected in my playing today. over the years i met many other drummers in town, namely matt espy, who i briefly took over for in mink when he moved to chicago, matt schulz who i replaced in lab partners, jim macpherson… the list goes on. all have become good friends of mine and i still think they are the greatest drummers in the world, no matter what. seeing someone play and seeing how they do things vs. just hearing them is a completely different experience. when i heard what tyler played on bonsai superstar, for instance, and then went to see brainiac and watch tyler reproduce what he recorded live really was life-changing. tyler, if you’re reading this, thank you, again and again and again.
dw: what are your plans for the future?
ik: i guess, limiting this answer only to my musical life, i’d like to see motel beds blow-up and play festivals and make a go at playing music full-time. i still haven’t given up on that dream. if that doesn’t pan out, i guess balloon in size and become the world’s largest mammal. or maybe both.


comments off on ohio’s ian kaplan is arguably one of the greatest drummers in the nation

posted in music 

tagged dayton, ian kaplan, motel beds, ohio 



source material for indie rock trends: jaytram “solstice mix 2013”

posted on february 12, 2013 by sinkane | comments off on source material for indie rock trends: jaytram “solstice mix 2013”



a message from jaytram:
“a new mix from the depths of winter, to help ease you into spring. more random jams i’ve been listening to recently. i hope you enjoy. j”
big love to jay for shouting out donewaiting and columbus, oh on this mix. see him dj music in columbus this saturday at ace of cups for the donewaiting 10 year anniversary.




comments off on source material for indie rock trends: jaytram “solstice mix 2013”

posted in ahmed gallab 



← older posts








search for:



 follow @rduffyjr







 




proudly powered by wordpress.
			theme: coraline by wordpress.com.		










