









pilgrim's oak golf course | public championship club | peach bottom, pa - home


































































                                        golf& rates 








                                        course & photos                





                                        covid-19 information                





                                        book tee times                





                                        rates & fees                





                                        memberships                





                                        hole in one club                









                                        facilities& gift cards 








                                        golf proshop                





                                        practice facilities                





                                        gift cards & more!                









                                        logo                





                                        outings& leagues 








                                        outings & tournaments                





 calendar of events                





 event registration                





                                        poga golf league                





                                         tuesday senior league                









                                        contact& specials 








                                        golf news & specials                





                                        golfer survey                





                                        employment                





                                        join our email club                





                                        contact & directions                






 












 home
 (717) 548-3011
 book a tee time
 online store























 





book your tee time online
		

golf digest 4 star rated • golf magazine #13 best course you can play in pa
		










membership packages for all
		

excellent value. advance access. great benefits.
		










the perfect golf outing
		

simply put...we make your outing a day to remember
		










exclusive email specials
		

no hassles. delivered direct to your inbox.
		










shop our online store
		

gift cards are the perfect way to celebrate holidays & birthdays
		





 



 

















welcome to pilgrim's oak golf course
 
2025 associate membership information
 
2024 mean 18 scramble results
2024 southern end shootout results














































2024 senior league will begin april 23rd, 2024
sign up in the pro shop if you would like to participate.  717-548-3011 (must sign up by the sunday before each tuesday event)
you may sign up as a single, a two-some, or you can create your own group of up to 4 players
tee times will run between 8:40 am and 10:30 am (depending on the number of participants)
parings and times will be posted on our website by noon on mondays
no up front fees.  $55 (includes greens fees, cart, range balls, prize money)  associate member price is $46
if you are looking for a fun, laid back group of golfers, this is perfect.  try it once and if its not for you there is no commitment to continue!
senior league rules:  maximum strokes per hole is double par.  otherwise all players must putt out (no gimmies)
2024 senior league schedule






 



pilgrim's oak features a links-style course in the gently rolling hills of lancaster county, pennsylvania, flanked by scenic and carefully tilled farms of amish and mennonite neighbors. the golf course was recently ranked by golf magazine as the "13th best course in pennsylvania" for courses you can play, and annually receives golf digest's 4 star rating. come experience this captivating links layout that is always kept in immaculate shape.
adding to the area's beauty and tranquility, pilgrim's oak has a great practice area for your short game, a fully-stocked proshop with the latest equipment & apparel. also our world famous chicken salad sandwiches! 





 





the driving range will be closed tuesdays 
from 9:30am - roughly 3pm for maintenance purposes. thank you























considering membership?
 we all want our dollar to stretch further in this unstable economy. pilgrim's oak has the solution. with annual golf membership programs that all ulimited golf for much less than the cost of a private country club...you'll play more golf at a great course for less money! 

 patron testimonials:
 "excellent value & service!" • "a layout you can play every day!" • "great course conditions!" 
explore our membership packages




















outings & tournaments
"the first glimpse of pilgrim's oak assures you are in for a special experience. the cornfields open up to reveal the gently rolling fairways and distinctive cut lines." - the philadelphia inquirer
pilgrim's oak golf course combines a great golf experience with the unmatched beauty of the pennsylvania landscape. our seamless integration of friendly service and gorgeous natural surroundings is what our patrons enjoy year after year.
learn more     calendar



 



 




















tee times  •  memberships  •  gift cards  •  calendar  •  news & specials
















email specials
click here









© pilgrim's oak golf course1107 pilgrim's pathway • peach bottom, pa 17563tel: (717) 548-3011 • contact • sitemapwebsite by: the rwm company









online store
click here










follow via facebookfollow on instagramcontact us today!








×




×




course update
current pro shop hours
pro shop hours 8:30am-3:30pm (weather permitting)
as of wednesday, february 5th, all 18 holes are open for play, pending any future weather events.  
 
daily cart return times vary from day to day during the off season.  please contact the pro shop for more information.
 





