





the threshold society – mevlevi sufi order





















































 
 






skip to content








facebookrssxyoutubeinstagramemail 

join our newslettercontact usdonate 



 











feb theme: medicine for the heart: as much as possible, think and communicate the positive. 






videolibrary articlespodcastsmesnevi resourcescommon questionsspanishhungarianorigins the mevlevi orderrumiqur’anislamic sourcesthreshold society core articlesmission statementdirectors: kabir & camille helminskiethics statementlocal groupsbooks & musicevents & coursessufi life & practice sufismninety-nine namessalaatmevlevi zhikrsufi songs (ilahis) 


search for:












 










 
 loading...























































































featured articles and talks





 




suleyman dede (1904-january 19, 1985)"the one in whom poverty is complete is the one in whom god appears" ~shams of tabriz



think and speak the positive (source quotes)"o prophet, indeed we have sent you as a witness (shahid) and a bringer of good tidings (basheer) and a warner (nazeer). and one who invites to allah (daee) , by his permission, and an illuminating lamp (sirajan [...]







 




the mysterion schooljoin us for year 3 of the mysterion school







 




the idea of spiritual trainingfrom the knowing heart the role of a sufi teacher in modern culture is analagous to an athletic coach who would like to train people to develop their abilities to an olympic level. he would [...]







 




the court of truth, a state beyond states [rumi’s urs video]shaikh kabir's selections from rumi's urs celebration held dec 15th, includes video







 




the green palm: hazrati maryam and the surrender of lovecamille helminski reflects on the example of hazrati maryam in keeping god as our companion in every state







 




rumi on entering spiritual realitytranslations from the mathnawi, by kabir helminski, shared in today's sohbet (6 october, 2024). includes a video recording of the session.







 




sunday meditationmonthly online meditation with shaikh kabir, camille, and other members of the threshold community

featured book





 




ninety-nine names of the belovedebook available

featured sufi discourse





 




rumi as pir, december 15, 2024
https://sufism.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/rumi-as-pir-december-15-2024.mp3







connecting with usabout us..
international circles
join our newsletter
upcoming eventsevents calendar
monthly sunday meditation
wisconsin retreat jan 31 – feb 2
courses & programsthe mysterion school
the 99 day program
the journey of the seeker
on-demand online retreats
recent newslettersfeb 2025: measure of love
jan 2025: voice of justice
dec 2024: rumi’s urs
archive
core articlesresponsibilities of dervishhood
adab; the courtesy of the path
suggestions for practice
threshold glossary
basics of practice
lessons in the school of love
practical aspects of dervishood
love in islam
local groups
support our work
if you like our work then please consider making a donation through paypal or any credit card.



 
 
 





community

join our newsletter
contact us
donate
facebook
twitter
instagram




threshold international

all threshold centers
united kingdom




study resources

heartspace: awaken the heart with the wisdom & practice of sufi spirituality
online retreats
the 99 names of god: an illustrated guide for young and old
the ninety nine day program




friends of threshold

baraka institute
international mevlana foundation
the living tradition




 
 
 





~ copyright © 2024 the threshold society. all rights reserved.	


facebookrssxyoutubeinstagramemail
 
 
 
 
 
 

page load link





























go to top




