


america's golf communities - golf homes - real estate - golfcourserealty

































 

feature stories
golf communities

alabama
arkansas
arizona
california
colorado
connecticut
florida
georgia
illinois
indiana
michigan
missouri
montana
nevada
new mexico
north carolina
pennsylvania
south carolina
tennessee
texas
virginia
washington
wyoming

 



feature story




vermont's quechee lakes offers quiet, rural lifestyle, plus superior four-season activities and amenities

quechee lakes has become one of the most popular first- and second-home communities in new england. the quechee lakes lifestyle, which caters to adults, juniors and children, has twice earned a place in "america's top 100 master planned communities" by where to retire magazine and is the only vermont destination to be so honored.... full article »






this month at golfcourserealty.com




willowbend's 'cape cod casual' cultivates a relaxed, luxurious lifestyle in one of new england's premier communities

willowbend in mashpee, mass. has been one of new england's premier communities since 1994. in response to the demand to enjoy the unique cape cod standard of living, willowbend is currently constructing an additional 40 villas and townhomes, which will be available early in 2015.... full article »




texas hill country living: cordillera ranch near san antonio

cordillera ranch, a 7,800-acre development about 30 miles north of san antonio, is an ambitious yet disciplined development that has emerged as one of the hill country's most coveted destinations. real estate throughout central texas, including cordillera ranch, has been on a tear, brandon tucker writes.... full article »




the cliffs in the carolinas adds to the collection with mountain park

there are seven distinct cliffs developments strung across the blue ridge mountains, from asheville, n.c., south to greenville, s.c. the newest addition to the collection is the cliffs at mountain park, just outside greenville. it includes a gary player signature course and a wide variety of real estate options. larry olmsted has more from travelers rest, s.c.... full article »




mountain air near asheville, north carolina: a breath of fresh air in the private golf community scene

mountain air, located 30 minutes outside asheville, n.c., sits at one of the highest elevations in the blue ridge mountains. but what really sets the unique private community apart is that it has its own airport, making it one of the top country club choices in the u.s. for golfers and second homeowners who are also pilots. even if you don't fly a plane, you'll enjoy mountain air, which has a laid back feel and little of the opulence or elitism seen at some private golf communities.... full article »




living the good life at the golf club at ravenna in littleton, colorado

thanks in part to its beautiful natural scenery and more than 300 sunny days each year, colorado boasts plenty of first-rate golf courses and communities. the golf club at ravenna, located about 30-45 minutes southwest of denver, takes full advantage and offers second-home buyers easy access to one of the nation's most vibrant urban centers and all the outdoor features that have made colorado the healthiest state in the u.s.... full article »




palmetto dunes oceanfront resort: the perfect place to call home in hilton head island, south carolina

hilton head island, which is 12 miles long and five miles wide, is divided 11 master-planned communities, known as "plantations." one of them is the palmetto dunes oceanfront resort, which opened in 1978 and remains an extremely popular first, second and retirement home golf community.... full article »




sterling at silverleaf brings condo option to popular dc ranch in scottsdale, arizona

dc ranch in scottsdale, arizona is chock full of multi-million luxury homes, but what it has never had is a condominium option. until now. sterling at silverleaf is part of silverleaf, a large sub-development within dc ranch. next up is construction of phase two, comprised of 213 luxury condominiums -- the first and only ones available at dc ranch.... full article »




guacalito de la isla beach community adds to the pellas family's love, lore in nicaragua

surviving a 1989 plane crash sparked a lifetime of philanthropy for don carlos pellas and vivian pellas, refocusing their energy on projects that would be beneficial to their beloved nicaragua and help promote tourism. their latest project -- guacalito de la isla -- continues that tradition of excellence.... full article »




flying high: the outer banks of north carolina have all the "wright" stuff

its residents and frequent loyal visitors fervently love the outer banks, a geographically unique region of coastal north carolina. there is an air of escapism to the area, which has long attracted out-of-the-box thinkers, and it's a great place to live year round or as a second-home option. larry olmsted has more on the outer banks.... full article »




outdoor enthusiasts will feel right at home in the red ledges golf community near park city, utah

few cities have as much that appeals to outdoor enthusiasts looking for first- or second-home options as park city, utah. and few places offer as much as red ledges. the mountainous setting offers many unique home sites, and the jack nicklaus signature course features stunning views of the rockies. home sites occupy a wide variety of locations throughout the huge property and run from $195,000-$495,000.... full article »




the new and improved old palm golf club serves up the good life in palm beach gardens, florida

with three major champions as residents, the old palm golf club in palm beach gardens, fla., obviously appeals to professional golfers. designer ray floyd just completed a hefty renovation, and the golf course is better than ever. but it is not just the course that attracts golf lovers to old palm, larry olmsted writes.... full article »




golf only adds to the allure of the grand del mar resort in san diego

there are hundreds of golf resorts in the u.s. but when it comes to luxury, almost none are in the league of the grand del mar in san diego, which has received a forbes five-star rating in lodging, dining and spa. the resort offers eight villas, each fractionalized into 10 shares starting at $450,000, plus a $10,500 annual fee, which includes the golf membership.... full article »




woodloch resort helped change the face of the poconos

the reputation of the poconos has changed over the years. today, it's known as a high-value, family-friendly destination. the woodloch resort epitomizes this, offering golf and much more to its residents, vacation homeowners and overnight resort guests. for the price and with all kinds of amenities, the appeals of woodloch are obvious, larry olmsted writes.... full article »




montecristo community could be a game changer for golf course living in nicaragua

among sports enthusiasts, the west coast of nicaragua is better known for its world-class big-game fishing than its golf. that could be changing soon, thanks to montecristo. while much of montecristo remains a project on paper only, it could be a good opportunity to get in on the ground floor, larry olmsted writes.... full article »



located just outside austin, escondido is texas hill country's premier private golf community

panama is a hot spot for second home options, and buenaventura is among the best

baker's bay and tom fazio making golf a strong point in the bahamas

forest creek golf club community is right at home in the village of pinehurst

schaffer's mill community combines golf course living with an active mountain lifestyle in the lake tahoe area

it's back: black diamond ranch in lecanto, florida has homes and lots on the market again

the sky's the limit at red sky ranch and golf club in wolcott, colorado

the club at viniterra: a gated golf-course community right at home in the heart of virginia wine country

in an area with many outstanding places to live, talisker club in park city, utah stands out

royal isabela in puerto rico: bandon dunes meets pebble beach -- in the tropics





























© copyright 1997-2024, worldgolf.com. 






















