






conemaugh health system































skip to site content







                814.534.9000	
              



                about us              



                contact us              



                mychart              



                bill pay              



                careers              



                education              



                schedule appointment now              


















                  find a doctor                  



                    services 


bariatrics & weight lossbehavioral healthbrain & spinebreast healthcancer carecardiologyemergency roomgi & digestive healthhiv clinichome health & hospiceimaginginfusion centerlaboratoryorthopedicsprimary & urgent carepulmonary carerehabilitation servicestrauma servicessurgical servicesvascular care & surgerywomen's health wound care 



                    patients & visitors 


accepted insurancesadmission vs. observationauthorization for release of protected health informationclasses & eventsinfection preventiondining optionsemail a patientfinancial services & billingonline bill payfood and nutrition serviceshealth informationpatient experience & feedbacklanguage services - interpretationnon-discrimination noticenotice of privacy practicespatient guidepatient portalpatient rights & responsibilitiesreal patients. real stories.patient safetypatient satisfaction surveysphysician orders for life sustaining treatmentplain language codesvisiting guidelinesspiritual careunderstanding your healthcare costs 



                  get care now                  



                    locations 


conemaugh memorial medical centerconemaugh meyersdale medical centerconemaugh miners medical centerconemaugh nason medical centeroutpatient centers 














search







er wait
i




view times by location




see how our er wait times are calculated.




















one call patient transfer center 












choose well. choose conemaugh. 

find a doctor





find a doctor



doctor's name, condition or procedure


search




chat with us
our chat assistant can help direct you towards finding a provider or scheduling an appointment.
schedule now













comprehensive heart care, close to home


wellness is a choice.  at conemaugh, we believe the right healthcare choices should be available right here in our community.  that's why we're proud to announce the february 2024 opening of the cardiovascular and surgical care pavilion, the area's only technologically advanced facility that will centralize services, physicians, and treatment for cardiac and surgery patients under one roof.   
 

find a doctor










u.s. news & world report rates conemaugh among best hospitals 


conemaugh memorial and conemaugh nason medical centers have been recognized by u.s. news & world report as two of the nation’s best hospitals for 2024-2025, earning a prestigious high-performing rating in heart failure and heart attack care, respectively. this distinction is the highest honor awarded in the u.s. news best hospitals procedures & conditions ratings, highlighting hospitals that deliver outstanding clinical outcomes, nursing quality, and patient experience. 

learn more about heart care










delivering for generations


conemaugh health system has delivered extraordinary women’s healthcare services to our community for generations. whether it’s an annual exam, helping with your high or low-risk pregnancy, or even long-term, troublesome gynecologic issues, we offer comprehensive health and maternity care for women and expecting moms and a full range of women-focused services. 

learn more about maternity care









news





conemaugh memorial medical center achieves milestone with first high-volume arthroplasty day
the conemaugh memorial medical center orthopedic team has completed its first high-volume arthroplasty day. read more



view all



real patients. real stories





'revascularization' procedures crucial for restoring heart health
national “heart month,” celebrated each february, is about much more than the precious organ beating within the left side of our chest. it’s also about... read more



view all



careers



join our team!
our commitment to making communities healthier begins with caring for our team and patients.  
open positions










conemaugh health system  
caring for our community since 1892conemaugh health system, part of duke lifepoint healthcare, is committed to making communities healthier throughout the laurel highlands and the surrounding region by providing the most sophisticated levels of emergency, primary and specialty care to patients at all stages of their lives. the largest healthcare provider in west central pennsylvania, conemaugh's team of providers and staff serve over a half-million patients each year across its network of four hospitals, three outpatient centers and the conemaugh physician group. as the region’s leading employer, conemaugh strives to create a diverse working environment where employees, providers, residents, and students feel valued, recognized, and appreciated, and are empowered to help grow the next generation of talent to serve patients locally.​
learn more about us











dr. mikki sapkota brings a wealth of expertise in the diagnosis and treatment of complex neurological conditions including migraines, seizures, multiple sclerosis, neuromuscular disorders, memory and cognitive issues, movement disorders, and stroke and vascular neurology.  she is accepting new patients. appointments can be made by calling 814-269-5211.



mikki sapkota, md





dr. muhammad hamza saad shaukat is a fellowship-trained interventional cardiologist who brings advanced training in cardiovascular care to the practice.  his areas of expertise include non-invasive cardiovascular imaging, percutaneous coronary intervention, and the placement of ventricular assist devices. to schedule an appointment, please call 814.475.8600.



muhammad hamza saad shaukat, md, facc, fase, rpvi





dr. julio rodriguez is a highly trained orthopedic surgeon specializing in spine surgery and orthopedic trauma. he accepts new patients at conemaugh east hills outpatient center and western pa orthopedics and sports medicine.  appointments can be made by calling 814.269.9606 or 814.255.6781.
learn more



julio rodriguez, md





dr. nkechi okotcha is fellowship-trained in neonatal-prenatal medicine. she specializes in extreme prematurity, respiratory distress, persistent pulmonary hypertension in newborns, congenital heart disease, anomalies, genetic syndromes, and metabolic disorders in newborns. she also specializes in feeding problems, perinatal and neonatal infections, infants of diabetic mothers, and more.  dr. okotcha will provide care at conemaugh memorial medical center.



nkechi okotcha, md





dr. desmond brown is a fellowship-trained, board-eligible neurosurgical oncologist.  he specializes in tumors of the brain and spine in addition to neurosurgical disorders including facial spasms, spinal stenosis, hydrocephalus, glioblastomas, and many others.
dr. brown is now accepting new patients at conemaugh memorial medical center. appointments can be made by calling 814-534-5724.
 
learn more



desmond brown, md, phd





dr. vinod kudaji is a board-certified interventional cardiologist and medical director of interventional and structural cardiology. he specializes in complex coronary interventions including transcatheter aortic valve replacement (tavr), percutaneous ventricular assist device (impella) placement, left atrial appendage closure (watchman device implant), and cardiac imaging.  to schedule an appointment with dr. kudagi please call 814.475.8600.
learn more



vinod kudaji, md





dr. syed raza shah is a board-certified, fellowship-trained preventative cardiologist. dr. shah’s areas of expertise include heart attack, heart failure, arrhythmia (irregular heartbeat), high blood pressure, elevated cholesterol levels, and the management of obesity.  
dr. shah is now accepting new patients and appointments can be made by calling conemaugh physician group – cardiology at 814.475.8600. 
learn more



syed raza shah, md





monika kusuma pringle, md is a board-certified family medicine physician.  she is fellowship-trained in hospice and palliative care and specializes in adult and geriatric medicine and advance care planning.  dr. kusuma is accepting new patients. appointments can be made by calling 814.534.9106.
learn more



monika kusuma pringle, md





board-certified ob/gyn physician swathi malepati provides a comprehensive array of women's health care from annual well-visits to minimally invasive robotic-assisted surgery. she specializes in menopause management, bladder and urinary health, sexual health, and prenatal and postnatal care.  dr. malepati is accepting new patients.  appointments can be made by calling 814.534.9230.
learn more



swathi malepati, do





dr. kanellitsas is board-certified through the american board of obstetrics and gynecology. dr. kanellitsas specializes in annual checkups, problem visits, disease management, gynecological care, obstetrical care, cervical and vaginal colposcopies, endometrial biopsy, birth control management, and minimally invasive surgery. 
dr. kanellitsas is now accepting new patients at conemaugh east hills outpatient center. appointments can be made by calling conemaugh physician group – obstetrics and gynecology at 814.534.9230. 
learn more



ionna kanellitsas, md, facog





dr. yarramsetty is a board-certified internal medicine physician. she specializes in primary and preventative care, chronic illnesses, geriatrics, annual wellness exams, vaccines, immunizations, and women’s health services.  
dr. yarramsetty is now accepting new patients at conemaugh east hills outpatient center. 
appointments can be made by calling 814.534.9104 
learn more



deepthi yarramsetty, md












our locations



conemaugh memorial medical center



conemaugh miners medical center



conemaugh nason medical center



conemaugh meyersdale medical center













address & phone numbers


privacy policy





about us
find a doctor
services
patients & visitors
get care now
education
price transparency




























                            we use cookies to make our site work, including measuring elements related to the site's performance as intended. by using our site you agree that information about you and your visit may be collected and/or sent to third parties for these purposes. we do not sell or share your information, nor do we use analytics, advertisement, or other non-necessary cookies. for more information about our online privacy practices, please visit our online privacy policy.
                            






















