







turbo yeast, beer making - home of the bulldog brewer, moonshine, winemaking








wine, beer kit wholesale - hambleton bardwine, beer kit wholesale - hambleton bard



home
products


wine making kits


cantina
magnum
australian blend
magnum ultimate
belvino
bards blends
hedgerow kit
cider kits



beer kits


bulldog standard
bulldog brewery
bulldog premium
better brew
hambleton dry
hambleton 1.5kg
black rock
masterpint
tooheys



beer ingredients


hops
beer yeast



beer glasses
equipment


crushers
presses
s30



essences


alcotec essences
alcotec top-up's



turbo yeast


doublesnake
puriferm






how-to


faq
hydrometer


how it works
readings
formulas
alcohol
calibrate
advanced



vinometer
clearing
turbo yeast


instruction
how it works
temperature






downloads
about us
contact us







bulldog brewer - automatic beer making!








available everywhere, at all major home brew retailers in europe! the bulldog master brewer - first ever affordable all in one complete grain brewing system for home beermaking. everyone can now become a master beer brewer without any previous skills!
rrp typically max £650. similar products have been available for a while, at prices from £750 and up, some even at £1500!
for trade orders we have competitive wholesale pricing - contact us!
start with crushed grain, then mash, lauter, sparge, boil and cool, all in the one high quality stainless steel unit. gain full control over your brewing, from ingredients through to the final beer of any type or style. the options are limitless and the world is your pint!




mashing
bulldog master brewer has automatic temperature control and handles the timing for you. simply set your mashing temperatures and rest times and other things - you can program up to 9 steps in detail. leave the brewer to sort out the mashing for the set time while the pump slowly circulates the wort, let the brewer handle the boiling, the cooling - everything can be programmed!
lautering
after mashing, lautering (draining) is easy. just lift up the inner malt pipe (the inner bucket with straining bottom) and fix it in the top position and let the wort drain into the main brewer.
sparging
use pre-heated water to rinse out the last goodies from the malt, by slowly pouring it over the malt bed, still with malt pipe in top position. or buy the bulldog sparger which does the pre-heating for you and connects easily to the master brewer.
boiling
clean out the malt pipe from the used malt, put it back and add hops and let the brewer continue according to your program. simple as that!
cooling
finally, use the spiral wort chiller to rapidly cool your wort down to fermentation temperature, transfer to fermenter, pitch the yeast and that is it!




bulldog master brewer features

superior quality 304 grade stainless steel construction
double wall construction - no "jackets" required.
tempered glass lid for full control of what is going on.
heavy duty handles for safe lifting
stainless steel ball valve outlet
anti-burn circulation system
stainless steel bazooka filter
heavy duty magnetic pump
full size malt basket for large grain bills (9 kgs max)
step mashing (program up to 9 steps in great detail)
bulldog controller can be detached and placed on table top.
stainless steel malt basket with heavy duty fine bottom mesh
concealed electric elements for easy cleaning
precise electronic temperature control via display, +/- 1°c
running time set via display, for up to 9 steps
capacity (brewer) 25l
2.2kw heating elements, power can be adjusted via display for each step
full independent control of power, temperature and time, all via display
stainless steel spiral wort chiller
temperature monitoring with display during cooling down
automatic overtemp cutout and overheat protection for max safety
12 months "no quibble" repair policy










link to us!
do you like our products? please link to us!.






[jan 25, 2018] bulldog master brewer





[april 5, 2017] bulldog beer yeast, 10g and 500g





[march 30, 2017] alcotec extraklar finings





[february 6, 2017] bulldog sparger





[february 6, 2017] alcotec carbon turbo





[february 6, 2017] doublesnake carbon turbo





[february 6, 2017] puriferm carbon turbo





[november 21, 2016] we are now iso9001



 
?



homebrew wholesale beer and wine related links here
we have collected some links here (click headline) for quality goods and services, related to home brewing of wine and beer.
winemaking kits wholesaler, beer kits and alcotec turbo super yeast
hambleton bard wholesaler of home brew products. we manufacture and supply super quality homebrew wine kits, homebrew beerkits, high alcohol products, turbo yeasts (turbojäst, superhiiva, turbodrozdze, turbohefe), pressure barrels (kegs) etc for the homebrewer. we are experts on activated carbon and essences for your home fermented alcohol such as the alcotec spirit kit.
home distillation - making legal moonshine (not illicit alcohol)
we are the worlds leading manufacturer of turbo yeast for home distillation (moonshine as it used to be called before the hi-tec still days - if you want to know how to make moonshine, or how to use an alcohol meter, this is the right place). note that you must of course comply with the law in your country of residence. distilling your own alcohol is legal in many countries around the world but there may be limitations (usually a max amount allowed to be distilled) or you may have to pay alcohol duty. then again, it may be outright illegal in some countries. you must not use our products in any way which may be illegal in your country and you must comply with all regulations, pay all duties and obtain all licenses required. our main brand is alcotec but we manufacture some 15 other brands as well for the global market. our turbo's are available in australia, new zealand, us and canada as well as throughout europe and many other countries. for distilling water, we make the smartstill aircooled still. we manufacture everything from 24 hour turbos to high alcohol turbo yeasts.
home winemaking - using wine kits (recipes)
has taken a great step forward with the development of new wineyeasts and highly specialised nutrients used in modern wine recipes. during the last few years we have developed wineyeast and nutrient combinations for very fast fermentations which still retain the qualities of the grapes used. one example of this is the australian blend winemaking kit. in the high quality field, we have developed combinations of particular grape concentrates, yeaststrains and nutrients to achieve the perfect varietal wine.
cider making from kits
it is easy to make your own cider, either from kits or from fruit from your garden. you can find a lot of cider making recipes here.
home brew beer making kits  - geordie, milestone, muntons, coopers and black rock are popular quality brands from other manufacturers.
our new better brew beer kits in pouch packaging has become very popular. some of the other well known names of quality beer- and winemaking kits available on the market, from other manufacturers, are geordie, woodfordes, beaverdale, just to mention a few. we have more than just winekits, beerkits and turbo yeast. we also have a large range of homebrew accessories for winebrewing, beerbrewing and home distilling.our main beermaking homebrewkits are the better brew beer kits - the brewers quality beerkit. we also make the famous bards dry malt beer kits. the bards dry malt's are unlike anything you have seen before. based on super quality dried malt they will produce a cleaner, more real taste than most liquid malt extract products. we also manufacture the alcotec basic spirit homebrewkit for fermentation of pure hign alcohol. we also produce a small range of very high quality essences, the alcotec range - and we stock the entire prestige range of essences from gert strand ab. we are constantly developing the next generation homebrew technology. no other supplier has launched more new products during the last few years. welcome to our website for making wine at home, brewing beer and distilling! wine kits, beer kits, home brewing recipes wholesaler.(swedish links: ölsats-skolan finns här och allt om vinsatser här. hittar du här.). wine making kits and home brew. supplier and wholesaler of homebrew beer kits.
bulldog piwowar - rewolucyjny sprz?t do przetwarzania ziaren w piwo



