






















































skip to content













home
blog
 





















search





























toggle menu










































are you ready to become a magazine publisher?
take a positive step forward to start your own magazine today
the industry experts at media center provide consulting and instruction for aspiring magazine entrepreneurs. 
we help you get your magazine launched brilliantly, professionally and on time.
choose the way you’d like to proceed depending on your timeline and budget.




the ultimate magazine           diy                course
go at your own pace and learn all the ins-and-outs of starting a magazine.

more than 70 modules taking you step-by-step to launch date.
unit quizzes to insure complete understanding. 
learn the secrets of the industry only insiders know.

learn more


done-with-you      premiere              magazine launch
need help getting started?  we’ll hold your hand throughout the launch process.

we help you build your business plan from concept to launch.
development of editorial calendar and publishing schedule.
weekly consulting sessions to make sure you stay on track.

learn more


complete                    done-for-you         premiere               magazine
we do (almost) everything for you. we sweat the details until you’re ready to take over.

 working with your direction, we provide all editorial and publisher services except ad sales, collection and purchases.
avoid hiring a full staff for your first issue.
let our experience get you started right.

learn more




about us
for more than 15 years, our team published the #1 shelter magazine in chicago. until the magazine was sold to a fortune 500 company, it was the largest metropolitan home and garden publication in the united states. in total, we published 5 print titles during that period of time.
magazine publishing is something you typically learn in the trenches. schools don’t teach it. nearly all online courses just skim the surface of what you need to survive and succeed. it’s a competitive business with room for more talent.
our goal is to help you transform your life and live your dream of becoming a publisher without making expensive mistakes.





latest from the blog





 



strategies to maximize advertising revenue for magazine publishers: expert tips for enhanced profitability

 





 



the future of print magazines: adapting to the digital age

 





 



top 10 trends in magazine design for 2024

 






get in touch
looking for help with your launch?

contact us




















© 2025 media center
 










scroll to top
scroll to top
 












about
 















toggle menu close
 




search for:



search
 




