





connecticut travel vacation guide, attractions, & events | visit connecticut
































maps
subscribe












blog













state: ct

connecticut

state
fairfield southwest
hartford central
litchfield northwest
mystic eastern
new haven south central

maine

state
bar harbor acadia
greater portland
mid coast
northern maine
south coast
western lakes mountains

massachusetts

state
boston
cape cod & the islands
central mass.
north of boston
south of boston
western mass.

new hampshire

state
dartmouth-lake sunapee
great north woods
lakes
merrimack valley
monadnock
seacoast
white mountains

rhode island

state
blackstone valley
block island
newport
providence warwick
south county

vermont

state
central
northeast kingdom
northern
southern

new england

all new england



where to visit
things to do and see
places to stay
events
weddings
food & drink
travel information





 












connecticut





connecticut





connecticut




previous



next












fairfield southwest









hartford central









litchfield northwest









mystic eastern









new haven south central















welcome to visit connecticut
great shopping, dining, casinos, and maritime fun!

connecticut, the southernmost new england state, is bounded by long island sound on the south, rhode island on the east, new york state on the west, and massachusetts on the north. the finger-like extension of fairfield county is an easy drive to and from new york city. connecticut is the nearest new england state to new york, pennsylvania and points south for a short getaway.
ct quick links: great things to do - events calendar- state map



© thomas schoeller photography




connecticut regions and highlights:
fairfield county & southwest ct

located along the shore of long island sound, fairfield county is a short drive from new york city. its boundaries include the towns of greenwich, danbury, southbury, stratford, shelton, and bridgeport, ct. good restaurants, with a special cluster in the sono section of norwalk, ct, a waterfront area with lots of hip restaurants and shops. family attractions include beardsley zoo, discovery museum, and the barnum museum in bridgeport, ct; maritime aquarium and the stepping stones museum for children in norwalk, ct; and the stamford museum & nature center in stamford, ct.







new haven & south central ct

north and east of the fairfield region and also on long island sound, new haven, ct is home to yale university, which is loved for its fine architecture and excellent science & art museums, including the yale center for british art and the yale university art gallery. new haven calls itself the "birthplace of pizza in america", with the pies served in old legendary pizzerias like frank pepe's pizzeria napoletana, sally's apizza and modern apizza. new haven's downtown and harborfront are bustling with dining and cultural activities, and it is known and loved for its blossoming food truck offerings.
as you move along the coast in either direction to the smaller cities and towns, alive with historic new england charm. town centers of milford, branford, guilford, and madison, ct are expansive, pleasant and perfect for a weekend stroll or picnic. the coastline is also quite scenic, with beaches and some small islands that you can tour by boat.







mystic country & eastern ct

the mystic country region is in the southeast corner of the state, aside long island sound and also extending northward and inland, has attractions that are uniquely new england in character and great for families and kids. at the western corner is the mouth of the connecticut river, and the nearby historic towns of essex, old saybrook, ivoryton, old lyme, haddam, east haddam and deep river, ct. towards the east there's the well-known village of mystic, ct; mystic seaport is a historic shipbuilding museum and re-created 19th-century seaside village. mystic aquarium is associated with robert ballard, who discovered the hms titanic, and it has a marvelous exhibit exploring the legendary shipwreck. the city of new london, ct has the state's best salt-water beach and ocean beach park, and is home to both a naval submarine base and the coast guard academy.
further inland, the foxwoods resort & casino in mashantucket (ledyard), ct and mohegan sun in uncasville, ct are two of the largest casino resorts in america, with reputations to match. to the north, the countryside opens up and is dotted with big farms and wooded hills, old historic towns and small cities including norwich, willimantic, mansfield, plainfield and putnam, ct. in this area you'll find the university of connecticut's main campus at storrs, ct, which has quickly grown in size and stature over the years.







greater hartford & central ct

the capital city of hartford, ct, in the geographical center of the state, is known for some fine art and history museums, including the mark twain house & museum. the wadsworth atheneum's renowned collections include hudson river school landscapes, old master paintings, modernist masterpieces, impressionist paintings, and american decorative arts. the city is also home to a large concert ampitheater and minor-league pro hockey and baseball teams.
to the north, bradley international airport, in windsor locks, ct, is the second-largest airport in all of new england. in the scenic mountainous area to the northeast is stafford motor speedway in stafford springs, ct, which hosts car enthusiasts and racing events. the hills and mountain in the area also offer great locations for the state's ski areas - several of which are located within a short drive of the capitol city.







litchfield county & northwest ct

in the western part of the state along the eastern border of new york state, the litchfield region is a rural paradise of picturesque farms, villages, vineyards and wineries, lots of antique shopping, and fishing and rafting in the housatonic river. major towns are litchfield, danbury, waterbury, bantam, kent, and torrington, ct. litchfield region has no saltwater shoreline, but has wonderful rivers and ponds.
great things to do in connecticut



© thomas schoeller photography

















destinations


all new england
connecticut
maine
massachusetts
new hampshire
rhode island
vermont
state map


company


about us
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright
site map


partnership


advertise
submit a listing
submit an event


top articles


great things to do
fairs and festivals
family activities
winter activities
fall foliage
pet friendly lodging
romantic gateways
waterfront lodging






tm © 2025  travel media group llc & visit new england®. all rights reserved.
top

 







