








varmint al's eclectic web pages





page
          index




subject
          index



sponsors
coyote hunting
coyote calling example
coyote attacks
varmint hunting
17 hmr field testing
deer hunting
many hunting stories
hunt success stories
make a bi-fur-pod
reloading page
shooting page
free targets
powder burn rate
fluted barrel analysis
22lr rifle & tuner
esten's rifle & tuner
light rifle & tuner
barrel harmonic movie
barrel tuner analysis
6ppc barrel dynamics
243 model 7 action fea
rifle action stress
bat action analysis
rifle chamber finish
friction test results
gun rights & politics
bart our black lab
tide son of bart
engineering page
rockwell hardness fea
mini lathe page
my computers page
ham radio page
home page
my father
bethel island
backpacking
winnemucca lake
latest updates
links page
email






eclectic* web pages
bethel island, ca
last updated: 04/26/2020
registered domains are: http://www.varmintal.com
&
http://www.varmintal.net 
 
if you have bookmarks to the old site, please change them to the www.varmintal.com
site.
varmint al.... mary ann and i moved to bethel island in
1971 and we both retired in 1990. mary ann taught kindergarten for 26 years in
brentwood. 
i worked for 30 years at the lawrence
livermore national laboratory. for most of that time, i worked performing
engineering structural analysis on complex systems. the example calculation is a
2d implicit finite element analysis (fea) of a 10-32 grade 8 socket head cap
screw being loaded to its breaking point. the graphics shows the deformations
and the resulting strain levels. note the large amount of plastic deformation
before the cap screw fails. the fea software used was the ls-dyna
finite element code. the number crunching took about 5.5 minutes of cpu time on
my athlon ii x4 computer. there are more examples with the latest ls-dyna
software on my engineering page.

a 10-32 grade 8 socket head cap screw being pulled to failure.
this is a 2d simulation with mat_018 including failure strain.
as the extension increases the failure strain is exceeded and
elements are removed from the mesh.
more details on my engineering page.
site navigation.... this site is composed of many
separate pages so that they will load faster. most pages have many pictures that
do take awhile to load. i have tried to include interesting text information at
the top of each page that the viewer can read while the rest of the page is
loading. in the old days, browsers would time out before loading a complete page and some of
the pictures would show as the dreaded red x, . with fast internet that does no happen much anymore.
each paragraph has a title in bold that quickly identifies its subject.
there is an identical site index table at the top left of each page to aid
navigation. most pages have a link at the bottom that takes you to that
particular subject on my big links page. the links page lists all of these links
sections on a single page plus even more links.



www.varmintal.com traffic for 2012
no ads & nothing for sale.... well, i don't sell
anything, but the
traffic was so large, i had to upgrade the page's bandwidth again. there are no ads or pop-ups to annoy.  i have added a sponsors
page for a few companies that i have done business with and am pleased with
their products and service. i don't sell anything on these web pages and there
are no pop-up ads to annoy the viewer. since i am not selling anything, i can
openly discuss any item or subject without worrying about sales. i created these
web pages because i enjoy hunting and fishing and want to pass along that
enjoyment. i have  two domains, http://www.varmintal.com
and http://www.varmintal.net with globat.
each domain can handle 1 tb/month of traffic.

how am i rewarded?.... every time a youngster writes me email
and tells me he is enjoying hunting and shooting because of something i have
written, that is enough payment for my effort in making these pages.
summary of varmint al's web
site locations & traffic




domain
allowable traffic
        gb/month
average traffic
        gb/month
        feb 2003
provider
comments


http://www.varmintal.com
1000
100 to 300
globat




http://www.varmintal.net
1000
10
globat






















here are father & son, bart and tide,
our black labrador retrievers.
bart has a cdx and jh title and is a happy dog and a pleasure to train.
bart is an excellent hunter and knows pheasants. both have passed over the rainbow bridge.

here is max our bichon frise (before
grooming!!) click on max to visit his bichon frise page
max has since gone over the rainbow bridge.

my ham radio call sign is wb6ynm and i have had my
ham license since 1972. i assembled our first pentium 200 mmx computer
from parts and have run a benchmark nike2d finite element test of the
fpu's
execution speed on it and a number of other computers. i now have
numerous
computers all assembled from parts and i install the linux mint
software from an .iso file. i have stopped using the microsoft windows operating
system.








site
 map

click on my varmint hunting "business card" to go to
my hunting page.
thank you for visiting my web pages.
i hope you found some useful information and enjoyed your visit.
please continue to support the constitution and the second amendment.
*eclec·tic
pronunciation: e-'klek-tik
function: adjective
etymology: greek eklektikos, from eklegein to select, from ex-
out + legein to gather
date: 1683
1 : selecting what appears to be best in various doctrines,
methods, or styles
2 : composed of elements drawn from various sources.
last updated: 04/26/2020
end of page
