






it asset management for the internet age - belarc, inc.
















































skip navigation


belarc



















solutions



software asset management


proactive cybersecurity


configuration monitoring


workflow automation




software asset management process



license optimization


licensing adobe products


licensing ibm products


licensing microsoft products


licensing oracle products






products



belmanage


belpower - app for microsoft power bi


belanalytics


belsecure


hosted small business


belarc advisor


servicenow service graph connector





explore
                          belmanage

                          belmanage allows users to reduce their software license and
                          maintenance costs, monitor their cybersecurity status and
                          configuration details. belmanage is based on belarc's
                          cloud architecture, uses a single intranet server and
                          database, and automatically creates an accurate and up-to-date
                          central repository (cmdb) of software, hardware and security
                          configuration details.
                        






request a demo







advisor download


belarc for business



                  company
                

about us

white papers & case studies


news & press releases

newsletter signup
our partners



contact sales












                  it asset management for the internet age
                

                  belarc's products are used for software license management,
                  configuration management, cybersecurity status, information assurance
                  audits, it asset management and more.
                

try a free demo















              let us offer an automated solution for your business needs
            





                      software asset management
                    

automate your sam process





                      proactive cybersecurity
                    

secure your enterprise with proven controls





                      configuration monitoring
                    

reduce your it operating costs









                  how we help
                  
autodesk



















                  autodesk uses belarc's system on over 16,000 laptops, desktops
                  and servers located throughout the world to manage their software
                  licenses, optimize their saas licenses, and to monitor important
                  cybersecurity controls. belarc hosts autodesk's belmanage and
                  belanalytics systems via saas. autodesk uses numerous saas products
                  such as adobe, microsoft o365 and many others. many of these saas
                  vendors do not offer accurate or any usage information on their
                  products that will allow the end-user to optimize their saas license
                  spending. belarc, via our patented usage discovery capability,
                  automatically discovers the usage of these saas and other subscription
                  applications such as usage on all adobe products. this information is
                  critical to optimizing the spend on these saas products.
                


more customers











              why customers choose belarc
            



                  the right information out of the box
                  




                  belarc offers an automated and integrated system that shows our
                  customers the information they need for sam, cybersecurity and
                  configuration control, right out of the box. no need for lengthy and
                  expensive customization or relying on federating data from other
                  systems.
                



                  fast deployment
                  




                  even our large enterprise customers are up and running within weeks,
                  not months or years. belarc's systems are always successfully
                  deployed by our customers' own it staff with belarc's
                  support. there is never a need for expensive consultants.
                



                  clear pricing
                  




                  we publish our prices and everyone gets the best price based on their
                  volumes.
                



                  automation
                  




                  belarc's system is based on a cloud architecture using secure web
                  protocols. this allows for a single server and central database for
                  the entire enterprise. this architecture avoids the need to deploy,
                  manage and maintain multiple scanners, servers and databases. click
                  here for details.
                



                  supporting our customers
                  




                  we at belarc place a very high priority on supporting our customers
                  and many have been with us for over ten years. we make certain that
                  all of our customers are successfully using our products through
                  support from highly qualified engineers and regular training sessions.
                



                  easy to try
                  



we encourage everyone to try before you buy.




                see what belarc can do for you
              
request a free demo








                what our customers are saying on gartner peer insights
              



                    excellent...when technical support issues arise, belarc is quick to
                    assist and remediate. also, absolutely a breath of fresh air when
                    negotiating contract language.
                  
-
government, infrastructure and operations



                    1. ease of implementation, operation and maintenance2. very
                    effective asset/ci discovery tools with minimal network impact3.
                    simple data/report queries4. low total cost of ownership
                  
-
government, infrastructure and operations.



                    i like the flexibility of adapting to the needs of the company and
                    that if they do not have a solution, they raise it as an improvement
                    proposal without implying an additional cost.
                  
-
education, enterprise architecture







trusted by companies worldwide
products by belarc are in use on well over fifty million computers.



















































































links

about us
white papers
contact us
newsletter signup



solutions


software asset management

proactive cybersecurity

configuration monitoring

explore all solutions



products

belmanage

belpower - app for microsoft power bi

belanalytics
belsecure

hosted small business

belarc advisor

servicenow service graph connector














©
              2025
belarc, inc.
              all rights reserved.

legalprivacy policy








