




the cocker spaniel club,parent club of the breed in the uk













 
 

 





home
club history
contact info
meet the committee
regional clubs
cocker rehoming & rescue
membership
merchandise
about the breed
health
puppies
shows & events
judging lists
judging lists criteria
judges educational seminars
field trial section info
field trial dates
field trial results
yearbook 



about the cocker spaniel club

 

the cocker spaniel club is the parent club of the breed and was founded in 1902 with a membership of 35. today, there are over 1500 members (both home & overseas). the club holds an annual championship show at malvern in july as well as the now well- established puppy & veteran challenge held in january.  there is in addition an annual points competition to find cocker of the year and cocker puppy of the year, much sought after titles (the winners of these two titles are not eligible to compete in the puppy & veteran challenge). educational seminars are also organised from time to time. the club co-ordinates a rescue scheme for those cockers needing to be rehomed and also monitors hereditary problems in the breed, with an an eye-testing session held at each championship show. all members receive a copy of the annual year book, a highly collectible publication detailing the club's activities for the past year together with photos of members' cockers. the club also has a flourishing field trial section which organises two annual field trial events.
objects of the club
the objects of the cocker spaniel club shall be to promote the welfare of cocker spaniels & publish a description of the true type; to urge the adoption of such type on breeders , judges etc. as to the standard of the breed; to establish field trials; to promote dog shows and to adopt such other means as may be deemed advisable for the encouragement of the breed.

         
 email contacts

general enquiries: thecockerspanielclub@gmail.com 
        nb: if you are looking to buy a cocker spaniel puppy now, please read the advice on our looking for a puppy page here
rehoming & rescue scheme: cockerclubrescue@gmail.com

field trial section enquiries (working cockers): randalyn20@hotmail.com
judges lists administrator: judges-administrator@thecockerspanielclub.co.uk
merchandise queries: merchandise@thecockerspanielclub.co.uk
technical problems with the website:
web@thecockerspanielclub.co.uk 
 


donate to the cocker spaniel club


 
if you would like to donate to the cocker spaniel club, click on the button below:-









 
 


 


 






© the cocker spaniel club 2003-2024. 
        all rights reserved. no images or content from this website may be reproduced without express permission.  
privacy policy

 

 




