


homepage - foundation for infinite survival, life-extesnsion and ageing aging 





 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 


fis - foundation for infinite survival, inc. (est. 1972)
life-extension & control of ageing program
{ berkeley, california }

www.fis.org

science and philosophy in a 
  unified system of thought



forward
this site is targeted to those who can consider
and appreciate the mission statement below. i have used this statement
in different venues, and the reader may have seen it before; but it warrants
repeating to remind us to stay on course.
toward the invention of non-ageing, "immortal"
humans
that will sound crazy to most people; but
at this point, "most" are not the target audience, as it will
take only a relatively small percentage of right-minded people to make real
progress. let me hasten to acknowledge the obvious. this is
a hyperbolic idea; and it is deliberately designed to be so in an effort
to select for those who are not afraid of big ambitions. "toward
the invention of non-ageing "immortal" humans" is presently
science fiction, but science fiction can be made to be science faction.
not long ago, most of the reality, in which we now live, was sheer
science fiction; and the process of transforming imagination into reality
is rapidly accelerating. it does take some acculturation to grasp
both the science and the philosophy behind life-extension and control of
ageing (also spelled as "aging"), and that will be presented to
those who register for follow-up information. here, the kind of response
which i am seeking in a reader is something like: "oh really?
tell me more".
first, let me explain the terms in that catch-phrase.
1) "toward" means moving in a particular direction - an
ambition, a goal yet to be achieved. 2) "the invention of"
refers to something that remains to be created and does not now exist; and
that requires a plan and organized effort. 3) "non-ageing "immortal"
humans" needs to be explained in greater depth, as will be done for
those who are interested. for here, it means the regeneration of
biological vitality back to what each individual had during the age range
of 20 ± 5 years which is the optimal expression of the natural human
genetics. biological vitality is defined in terms of the three aspects
of: the number of cells, the rate of cell functions, and the quality of
cell structures. with such aspects being optimal, disease is minimal
and easy to cure if necessary; the life-expectancy could be practically
indefinite; and opportunity open-ended. restoring and maintaining
the biology of 20 ± 5 must be the objective of life-extension &
control of ageing science. there are also commensurate responsibilities
involved in this technology. all to be explained!
again, to properly understand, does takes
some background and time; and the effort here is one of reaching out and
to develop a critical-mass of people who can, as said, consider and appreciate
the ambition.
thank you for your consideration and best
wishes.
c.a. everone, im., governing trustee


register - mailing list
 
 








