









welcome to light up your brain! | lightupyourbrain

















































about
privacy policy
contact
 












home
audio stories
coloring pages
click-to-color
games
links for kids
 


select page


  
 
 











welcome to light up your brain!


hi! i’m chuck brown…and that’s my face over there to the right (well, it’s not exactly my face… but people think it looks a lot like me!). i’m your host for this site. light up your brain is about inspiration, creativity, and the fun of being a kid.
i’ve created and assembled some great resources to help kids have fun while learning and developing. our main resource is children’s audio stories, which are intended for children in the preschool and early elementary age range, but older kids seems to really enjoy them as well! and, we also have a vast trove of quality coloring pages for free download across a wide variety of topics (some folks have also been known to use them as clip art!). feel free to dive right in by clicking on one of the links above, or keep scrolling down to read our blog of interesting things! comments or suggestions? use the form on the contact page to reach me. en-joy! 😉



sign up for email updates enter your email address:delivered by feedburner
.
 
search our site

search for:












blog of interesting things!




tiny girl sings bohemian rhapsody

well, bohemian rhapsody isn’t a song for kids…but it’s certainly the kind of song that people listen to over and over again…and tiny ears have been known to pick up just about anything. the song’s dynamic arrangement and infectious, wide-ranging melody tend to get inside your head and never let go. this precious little girl has no challenge remembering the melody or what she understands of the words, even firmly ensconced in her car seat! 😉





daddy beatboxes – baby elijah dances!

this is simply a fun and cute overload!! 😉





industrial-strength bubbles – extra fun!

we loved this simple picture and the recipe it contains. may it bring you wonderful days filled with bubble fun! 😉




« older entries









.



.















[sgmb id=1]

like great free stuff? visit the free site!















 







original site content © chuck brown. all rights reserved. 






























