






bandit trans am club home



























 
 









hot rod magazine calls us "rabid fanatics"
all 2nd generation firebird trans ams are welcome 
to join this club. only special edition cars will receive a registry certificate 
with their memberships. all members will get a member page and gallery to post 
as many photos as they wish! pontiac never actually made a "bandit edition" trans am, they simply 
	capitalized on the movie, "smokey and the bandit", to promote their 50th 
	anniversary style, black with gold accents, trans am le and se models.  
	the actual term should probably be, "bandit's trans am", but who cares! this 
	club does not discriminate about black and gold either. gold se, silver 
	anniversary, and recaros, were all special or limited edition trans ams, and 
bandit could have made it in 28 hours in all of them!
if you have your sound turned down, 
crank it up, this website has lots of music!







 



 
bandit and the snowman on 
american trucker!
 

 

above is club member
ric rodriguez 
and burt reynolds together at a smokey and the bandit screening in tampa!
they had invited ric up with 
his 77 trans am and he was lucky enough to have burt stand by the car, sign it 
and have a few minutes of one on one time talking to him!
 
 

fbodywarehouse made this video at the
	
	2011 trans am nationals! 






more information about the new trans am on www.78ta.com











enter your search terms

submit search form



 





web


www.bandittransamclub.com












 

add your banner to our sponsors below!

	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 


replace any old or weathered trans am decals 
	with help from 

	signazon!

	 




	 



	 




	 




	 



	 
















it all started with an idea.



club director

employment 
opportunity


tanya tucker sells the 80 t/a se on her show



burt reynolds talks about the bandit run

modern marvels - pontiac firebird


how to look like burt reynolds


new pixar bandit


trans am?
world's 
fastest bandit



help save pontiac



trans am song



crafts that can be done from your sofa sectional



gardening links for families


home and health insurance resource guide

 

 bandit trans am clubpromote your page too

 
