



innerteenmentnews.com main page
















 
 


tv spotlight
february 6



click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!

starring: alison sweeney and victor webster 

hannah's favorite reality show takes over the cookie jar. when the producer is found dead, hannah and norman team up to track down the killer. chad invites hannah to court.

watch and see if you can figure out the mystery before hannah figures it out! the new mystery premieres on feb. 6 at 8:00pm on hallmark mystery.
for more on "reality bites: a hannah swensen mystery" visit:
reality bites: a hannah swensen mystery


february 1



click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!

starring: lacey chabert and robert buckley 

a chance encounter on valentine's day brings hannah and finn together as they race through new york city to return a lost engagement ring and save one couple's special day.

get your chocolate and beverage of choice. watch with your real-life valetnine - human or pet! you can also watch with friends or just during some alone time. enjoy this sweet film about falling in love! this original hallmark movie premieres on feb. 1 at 8:00pm.
for more on "an unexpected valentine" visit:
an unexpected valentine


january 10



click on the photo above for pics from this season!!
the way home: season 3
starring: andie macdowell, chyler leigh, sadie laflamme-snow and evan williams

from the moment kat landry returned to the family homestead after a seventeen-year absence, with her teenage daughter, alice, in tow, we have been hooked on this time-traveling, family drama. twenty episodes later, we couldn't be more invested in the stories, relationships and mysteries that surround this family and their property. originally stating that season 3 would only air on their streaming service, hallmark fans adamantly voiced their disdain with that plan. the channel quickly revised the plan and the new episodes  
will air every friday, beginning january 3.
this season's previews hint at more drama, more romance and a new mystery possibly involving new people time-traveling that we didn't know could travel. all we know is that we can't wait to watch this season unfold! 
stream season one and two on hallmark plus before tuning in to the season 3 premiere episode (titled you ain't seen nothing yet") at 9pm est on hallmark channel. 
for more on "the way home: season 3" visit:
the way home: season 3


december 14



click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
the holiday junkie
starring: jennifer love hewitt and brian hallisay

andie and her mother, mimi, run a company called "the holiday junkie," a decorating and planning service for all holiday needs. but after mimi passes away, andie is forced to face her first christmas without her mother and carry "the holiday junkie" torch all on her own. despite the challenges, andie may also find some love at christmas along the way!

jennifer love hewitt's venture into the christmas movie magic is a very personal one for the actress. she directs the film which was inspired by her real-life relationship with her late mother, pat.  her co-star in the film is her husband brian hallisay. you'll also hear her singing on the film's soundtrack, a song called "christmas magic" which is available for purchase now. 
tune in to lifetime at 8:00pm to enjoy some christmas magic of your own!
for more on "the holiday junkie" visit:
"the holiday junkie"


december 10



click on the photo above for pics from this season!!
the voice: season 26
nbc's popular singing competition, "the voice," returned september 23 with two new judges in the iconic red chairs.  snoop dogg and michael buble joined veteran judge, gwen stefani, and last season's winner, reba, as coaches this time around. it's a surprisingly entertaining group of music legends. 

this season went fast and discovered some unbelievable voices! on december 10, america finds out the results of their votes and a new winner will be crowned! will it be team snoop's, jeremy beloate? team gwen's, sydney sterlace? team michael's, sofronio vasquez, or shye? or will reba go for her second consecutive win with danny joseph? we can't wait to find out! 

highlight's from monday's final performances will air from 8 to 9pm with the live finale starting at 9:00pm! it's been a great season! all the contestants should be so proud! 


for more on "the voice" visit:
the voice




new on home video!


click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the pic to read our review and find out how to watch!!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!



click on the cover to order your copy!


home entertainment page!



listen up!





















click on the cover to order!
















these lovable cartoon characters with four paws gear up for more adventures in "paw patrol: rescue wheels" new on dvd! 


when two new monster truck drivers, boomer and his ferret friends, show up in adventure bay, they want to be the meanest and loudest truck drivers ever. ryder and the pups, along with their new friend roxi, must get new rescue wheels and new gear in order to put a stop to boomer's chaotic disruptions. 

have a young one in your life who is crazy for the "paw patrol" pups? we are gifting one lucky winner this recently released title to add to their home entertainment collection or to gift to their favorite "little."
to enter: email your first and last name, and street address to: 
contests@innerteenmentnews.com
please put "rescue wheels" in the subject line.
all entries must be submitted by 11:59pm on january 10, 2025.
must be at least 13 years old to enter. by sending an entry, you are stating that you are 13 years old or older.
open to residents in the us only.
we're "paw-sitive" that your young ones will enjoy this new dvd full of "paw patrol" adventures!


now playing!



click on the poster for more information!











coming soon!










on the road
the eras tour continues in 2024!!



taylor swift made fans' summer by announcing 2024 dates for the super-successful "eras" tour.
turns out it's not the end of an era," taylor exclaimed! "miami, new orleans, indy and toronto: the eras tour is coming to you in 2024 with gracie abrams! visit taylorswift.com for more information
we can't wait to hear about every single moment of every tour stop!
visit taylor's official site for more info!



tv archive
look for these tv events on your streaming services or watch for repeats!



click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
sugarplummed
starring: maggie lawson and janel parrish

emily has always dreamed of creating the perfect christmas, meticulously planning every detail year after year, only to feel like she's falling short. hoping to bring her family closer together, she makes a wish for a holiday as picture-perfect as the ones she sees in a made-for-tv holiday movie. to her shock, sugarplu, the film's relentlessly optimistic main character, magically steps off the screen to make emily's wish come true - whether she's ready for it or not. as sugarplum applies her movie-world rules to real life, emily gets caught up in the possibility of finally achieving the flawless family christmas. but when sugarplum's magical fixes start to backfire one by one, emily begins to question what an ideal holiday really is. with time running out, emily and sugarplum find themselves on a heartwarming adventure - one that might just amount to an entirely different kind of christmastime perfection.

enjoy a splash of magic during an ordinary, december, saturday night! get "sugarplummed," dec. 7 at 8:00pm on the hallmark channel.  
enjoy!
for more on "sugarplummed" visit:
"sugarplummed"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
the christmas quest
starring: lacey chabert and kristoffer polaha

an archeologist and her ex-husband, an expert in ancient norse languages, are sent to iceland at christmastime to search for the legendary treasure of the yule lads. when others join in the hunt, the pair find themselves swept into a thrilling adventure as they race to keep it from falling into the wrong hands.

enjoy this christmas adventure from the comfort of your own warm home when it premieres on the hallmark channel, sunday, december 1 at 8:00pm. 

for more on "the christmas quest" visit:
"the christmas quest"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!

starring: hunter king and tyler hynes - featuring a guest appearance by donna kelce

alana higman is sure that her family's lifelong history as kansas city chiefs superfans makes them a frontrunner to win the team's "fan of the year" contest. derrick, director of fan engagement, is tasked with evaluating how alana and her family stack up against the other two
finalists. as the pair spends time together, it's clear there's a spark between them but when her grandfather's vintage chiefs good-luck winter hat goes missing, alana begins to doubt everything she believed about fate, destiny and even questions her future with derrick - unless, that is, a little christmas magic can throw a hail mary.

get your head in the holiday movie game by making some snacks, suiting up in your christmas movie-watching comfy clothes and tune in at 8:00pm on hallmark channel for the premiere of this highly anticipated christmas story.
for more on "holiday touchdown: a chiefs lovestory" visit:
holiday touchdown: a chiefs lovestory





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
believe in christmas
starring: meghan ory and john reardon  

when beatrice reluctantly joins her best friend on a trip to the enchanting christmasland, she's skeptical of the holiday magic surrounding them. but as she experiences festive traditions and meets a charming stranger named ethan, she begins to question what's real and what's part of the experience. in the end, christmasland helps beatrice rediscover hope, love, and the magic of new beginnings. 

have faith that a night in with some good snacks is the perfect way to wind down!  this new holiday movie premieres nov. 29 at 6:00pm on the hallmark channel as not one, but two new movies are debuting this weekend! 
enjoy!
for more on "believe in christmas" visit:
"believe in christmas"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
three wiser men and a boy
starring: paul campbell, tyler hynes and andrew walker 

this is truly one of the most anticipated christmas movies this holiday seaaon! a sequel to 2022's super popular "three wise men and a baby," the brenner brothers are back for another holiday adventure that once again, finds them out of their comfort zones while learning the true meaning of the season!
the story begins five years later with the brenner brothers preparing for another memorable christmas. in a crazy turn of events, possibly brought on accidently by the brothers themselves, the director of luke's son thomas' school holiday musical steps down. luke is desperate to make his son's stage dreams come true, so he enlists the help of his brothers taylor and stephan. meanwhile, the trio navigates meeting their mom barbara's new boyfriend and the brothers grapple with their own feelings about this relationship. in true brenner brother fashion, they are all in for a christmas they will never forget. 
if this one is anything like the first one, you will laugh a lot and probably even tear up a little. gather your family, your friends who are like family and enjoy a warm and fuzzy evening. this one premieres at 8:00pm on saturday, november 23th!
for more on "three wiser men and a boy" visit:
"three wiser men and a boy"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
five gold rings
starring: holland roden and nolan gerard funk  

hallmark mystery's "miracles of christmas" continues with "five gold rings"  starring holland roden and nolan gerard funk premieres on thursday, november 7 at 8pm!
when new york city painter audrey moss returns to her small minnesota hometown for the holidays, she's met with an unexpected quest from her beloved late grandmother: find the owners of five mysterious gold rings and return them to their rightful home before christmas morning, only nine days away. in her bequeathment, grandma also urges audrey to team up with local private investigator and childhood friend, finn o'sullivan. from gingerbread house building to the annual giving gala, these two begin to bond over more than just their quest. as audrey and finn unravel the mystery of the missing rings' owners, they discover there is more to their relationship than they ever expected to find.

grab your circle of friends and some family and band together to watch this new original hallmark movie when it premieres at 8:00pm on thursday, november 7th!
for more on "five gold rings" visit:
"five gold rings"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
holiday mismatch
starring: carolina rhea and beth broderick 

when free-spirited kath and uptight barbara clash at a christmas committee meeting, they're shocked to discover they've accidentally set up their adult children via a dating app. determined to stop the romance, the two mothers team up, only to realize they have more in common than they thought. as their kids' love blossoms, so does an unexpected friendship between their meddling moms, bringing both families together for a festive christmas.

grab some popcorn, put on some cozy pjs and make this movie the perfect pairing for a great night...tune into hallmark channel november 3 at 8:00 for "holiday mismatch!"
"sabrina the teenage witch" fans will especially enjoy the reunion of these two fabulous actresses!
for more on "holiday mismatch" visit:
"holiday mismatch"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
our holiday story
starring: nikki deloach and warren christie  

when chris arrives to meet the family of his girlfriend joanna family for the first time, a holiday delay leaves him spending time alone with her parents, dave and nell.  as they prepare for the annual town christmas festival, dave and nell share the story of how they met 10 years earlier as rival colleagues unexpectedly brought together by fate.  through a series of flashbacks and presentday moments, "our holiday story" weaves together the journeys of two couples discovering the true meaning of love and connection, set against a charming backdrop of holiday traditions and festive cheer. 

pull up a chair or couch, pop some popcorn, make some cocoa and settle in to watch a great holiday story unfold. don't miss this "once upon a time" that starts at 8:00pm on hallmark channel.
for more on "our holiday story" visit:
"our holiday story"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
this time every year
starring: alison sweeney and niall matter  

hallmark mystery's "miracles of christmas" kicks of with two hallmark faves together in one great holiday movie! "this time each year"  starring alison sweeney and nial matter premieres on thursday, october 24 at 8pm!
lauren and kevin were once deeply in love but nearly a year after their separation, they now focus on co-parenting their young son charlie. despite the split, kevin is determined to make their family whole again. before lauren's mother visits during the holidays, lauren asks kevin to pretend they're still happily married and living under one roof. the act quickly feels more real, stirring up old memories and feelings. as lauren sees the man she once fell in love with in a new light, perhaps the magic of christmas will rekindle their romance and spark renewed hope for their future. 

put on your warm and fuzzy sweater, make some hot chocolate and feel all the feels of the christmas season when this new original hallmark movie premieres at 8:00pm on thursday, october 24!
for more on "this time each year" visit:
"this time each year"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
twas the date before christmas 
starring: amy groening and robert buckely 

hallmark channel's "countdown to christmas" gets underway with the first holiday movie, "twas the date before christmas," on friday, october 18!
feeling the pressure to bring someone home for christmas, jessie convinces bryan to join her family for a day filled with holiday events, only the family doesn't know it's their first date.
when bryan catches on to what's happening - will he run or go along with jessie's little charade? make a date at 8:00pm on friday, october 18, to join in the holiday games and watch this sweet film on hallmark channel. 
for more on "twas the date before christmas" visit:
"twas the date before christmas"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
holiday crashers
starring: lyndsy fonseca, daniella monet, chris mcnally and jag bal


best friends toni and bri have worked at the same card shop for more years than they should as both struggle to find their true life's path. this holiday season, toni and bri decide to shake up their humdrum world by creating new identities to crash the amazing christmas parties from the shop's confidential invitations. all harmless fun! until toni gets mistaken for a lawyer, which isn't too far off the mark since she did finish law school...just never completed the bar exam. toni and bri are then whisked away to a fancy corporate christmas retreat in the snowy vermont mountains by handsome business mogul, justin, whose crush on toni is real even if her legal career isn't. and bri is along for the ride as she has eyes for vinny, a valet who may have a secret of his own. can a distraction help bri find what path in life she's supposed to follow? will toni end up with the guy of her dreams or in a blizzard of trouble? this fun christmas crashing romp will either end in disaster or two happily-ever-afters!

you don't have to crash this party... you are invited! turn on hallmark channel october 19 at 8:00! party dress is optional! 
for more on "holiday crashers" visit:
"holiday crashers"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
haunted wedding
starring: janel parrish and dominic sherwood

ghost hunters, jana and brian's plan to wed is in jeopardy when angelique, a ghost in an 18th century wedding dress, vows to stop it. the couple must work together to save their wedding from disaster.
for a hauntingly good romance/comedy, tune in to this hallmark original, premiering october 12 at 8:00pm on hallmark channel. 
for more on "haunted wedding" visit:
"haunted wedding"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
curious caterer: forbidden fruit
starring: nikki deloach and andrew walker

goldy berry caters a vip concert and goes on a date with tom. things don't go well when a member of the band dies on the scene. it's a first date that neither will forget any time soon.
make time to serve up a few good guesses as to who done it when this fun film premieres october 11 at 9:00pm on hallmark mysteries. 
for more on "curious caterer: forbidden fruit" visit:
"curious caterer: forbidden fruit"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
autumn at apple hill
starring: erin cahill and wes brown 

elise is trying to keep her family inn afloat when the cfo of a major hotel chain checks in as a guest. is he there to enjoy the fall season or try to take over her beloved inn?
fall in love with this seasonal, soon-to-be new fave, that premieres october 5 at 8:00pm on hallmark channel. 
for more on "autumn at apple hill" visit:
"autumn at apple hill"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
a sprinkle of deceit: a hannah swensen mystery
starring: alison sweeney and victor webster 

hannah caters lonnie's high school reunion where she and michelle meet lonnie's old friends.  when one of the guests is found dead, everyone feels like a potential suspect.  hannah joins chad in the investigation as they each collect clues and peel back the layers to get to the truth and bring the killer to justice.  meanwhile, delores finds herself unexpectedly whisked into the world of acting while also working the case in a way only she can. 

bake some snacks and enjoy the delicious mystery, premiering october 4 at 9:00pm on hallmark mysteries. 
for more on "a sprinkle of deceit: a hannah swensen mystery" visit:
"a sprinkle of deceit: a hannah swensen mystery"





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
falling together
starring: ashley williams and paul campbell

natalie just relocated to pittsburgh for work and is eager to become part of her new town.  while exploring her surroundings, she comes across the perfect opportunity for involvement and joins the "walk to end alzheimer's" as a volunteer.  meanwhile at home, her efforts to bring the building residents together as a community have fallen flat, and mark, the prickly super, advises her to leave well enough alone.  as the two spend time together while natalie continues her quest to win over her neighbors, she and mark become close and a spark begins to grow.  but just when it looks like building harmony has been restored, things unexpectedly unravel.  disheartened, natalie focuses her time and energy on the walk which just may be the path to healing and happily ever after. 
of note from this inspiring saturday feature, is actress ashley williams (and her sister kimberly williams paisley) has been very active in raising awareness of alzheimer's since loosing their mother to the heart-breaking disease.  hallmark will make fashion, including wardrobe and accessories from "falling together," available for purchase through online resale company luxanthropy, with all proceeds being donated to the alzheimer's association. 

 enjoy the continued fall programming on hallmark that shares the theme of "falling in love" with this new feature film , "falling together"...september 21 at 8pm est on the hallmark channel.
for more on "falling together" visit:
falling together





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
the heiress and the handyman
starring: jodie sweetin and corey sevier

wealthy heiress june waltshire is relaxing at one of her family's six-star hotels in greece when she is abruptly informed that her fortune has disappeared in a crypto currency crisis. all of it. no hotels, no jets, no houses, no cars, no yachts, and no designer bags. back in new york, thoroughly broke with no love life and no life skills, june discovers a safe deposit box and the deed to a country house.  when june arrives in the country, she realizes she is truly a fish out of water in her new rural life, even mistaking her handsome neighbor, bart hudson, for the handyman.  bart isn't sure what to make of june, but he is sure he is no one's handyman!  he does feel sorry for her predicament, so he shows her around town.  bart and june band together to reclaim her family's fall fair legacy, taking on apple pies and the livestock parade.  as they prepare for state fair domination, they learn a lot about each other's lives.  when real feelings develop, june must decide where her heart truly lies. 


put your tools down and take a break by watching this fun movie! build a little relaxtion time into your weekend schedule...september 14 at 8pm est on the hallmark channel.
for more on "the heiress and the handyman" visit:
the heiress and the handyman





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
the cases of mystery lane: death is listening
starring: aimee garcia and paul campbell

as birdie and alden case continue their quest to become private investigators, their newest case proves to really put them to the test, when popular true crime podcaster, laurel st. james, is murdered in the recording studio moments before she is about to reveal the identity of an infamous serial killer.  it is up to the cases to listen to the clues and solve this suspicious murder, but as they dig into the case, personal details are discovered that could alter their own lives forever.  


gather your clues and see if you can solve the mystery before the cases do! tune in to watch this husband/wife duo crack the case...september 13 at 9pm est on the hallmark mystery.
for more on "the cases of mystery lane: death is listening" visit:
the cases of mystery lane: death is listening





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
his and hers
starring: lacey chabert and brennan elliott 

married couple dana and mark chernich are both top-tier lawyers at competing new york city law firms. their professional worlds collide, however, when they're assigned as opposing counsel in a high-profile divorce case involving a famous reality tv couple. as they navigate the legal battles in court, their personal lives feel the strain. with their marriage on the line, dana and mark must rely on their wits, humor, and love for each other to make it through the case unscathed. along the way, they rediscover the strength of their bond and gain a fresh perspective on both their careers and relationship. 

don't object! tune in to watch lacey and brennan in their tenth hallmark movie together... september 7 at 8pm est on the hallmark channel.
for more on "his and hers" visit:
his and hers





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
nelly knows mysteries: a fatal engagement
starring: pascale hutton and kavan smith 

one of your favorite tv couples, pascale hutton and kavan smith ("the coulters" on "when calls the heart") team up in a different way on hallmark movies and mysteries new film "nelly know mysteries: a fatal engagement."
in this fun new crime-caper, an unusual handwritten letter arrives at nelly's office, and she identifies the handwriting as belonging to her childhood friend dahlia, claiming her boyfriend blake is being unfaithful. determined to help, nelly wants some answers and rushes to blake's home only to find his dead body. when dahlia becomes the prime suspect, the new, handsome detective in town, michael hogan must work with nelly to prove that her childhood friend is not the killer everyone believes her to be.  

grab your magnifying glass and see if you can crack the case... august 23 at 9pm est on hallmark mysteries.
for more on "nelly knows mysteries: a fatal engagement" visit:
nelly knows mysteries: a fatal engagement





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
a costa rican wedding
starring: rhiannon fish and christopher russell 

west coast surf swells and warm sand are just the distraction emily needs from her most recent breakup.  standing beside her best friend phoebe, as maid of honor is a dream come true, but it quickly turns into a nightmare when a group of rascally monkeys steal emily's bag - and the priceless, heirloom wedding rings she was holding onto!  desperate to forgo her clumsy reputation and not be responsible for ruining the wedding, emily teams up with an unlikely aid, ryan, the best man and her longtime rival.  as a local tour guide, ryan thinks he knows the incredible land of this tropical country but maybe not as well as he thought.  their unexpected misadventure takes them from stunning jungle volcanos to surreal ancient archaeological sites.  by helping each other, emily and ryan find a way to get past their old hang-ups and look to find common ground, all the while trying to save the big day.  


you are invited to a fun adventure, august 17 at 8pm est on hallmark channel.
for more on "a costa rican wedding" visit:
a costa rican wedding





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
my dreams of you 
starring: skyler samules and kapil talwalkar

a struggling novelist grace mcmahon is a lot more successful in getting temp work than being published.  one night, grace begins a series of dreams in which she experiences an ongoing romance with michael, an aspiring musician.  unfortunately, her recurring dreams of michael are due to a clerical mix-up by alura, a new hire in "dreamland."  fearing the error will cause a rift in the natural course of events, grace is transported to "dreamland" to wipe her memory of michael and the dreams. arriving in "dreamland," grace learns that michael is alive and living nearby.  wanting to see if their romantic connection could be real, she rushes to find michael before all memories of him are erased.  when they finally meet in person, she is shocked to find that he has no idea who she is.  the "dreamland" team pursue grace and michael across the country, determined to fix their mistake.  racing against time grace hopes to form a connection with michael that cannot be undone and to prove that for once fate is on her side.   


don't dream of missing this premiere, august 10 at 8pm est on hallmark channel.
for more on "my dreams of you" visit:
 my dreams of you





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
a very vermont christmas 
starring: katie leclerc and ryan mcpartlin

christmas comes early for hallmark viewers when the channel celebrates "christmas in july!"  three all-new original holiday movies premiere on saturdays in july.  a bonus present, an extended cut of fan-fave "three wise men and a baby" aired on july 6. 
up next, is "a very vermont christmas" a holiday film starring katie leclerc and ryan mcpartlin. 
it's christmastime in a vermont ski town where joy, a young brew master and local champion skier, runs her family's classic ski pub, mogul joe's, with her mother, mary. times have been tough for mogul joe's since joy's father passed away and she wonders how they're going to pay their bills this christmas.  one day joy's exboyfriend greg wanders in and tells them about the new brew-ski competition he's holding at his rival establishment, frosty's.  joy and mary are intrigued as winning the competition may be the christmas miracle they are looking for.  meanwhile, joy meets zac, a charming but struggling novice skier, on the mountain when he crashes into her getting off the lift.  joy hesitates when she is informed that zac is the beer distributor for scholz beer who supplies frosty's.  however, zac wins her over with his charm and exceptional beer tasting pallet.  joy agrees to give zac ski lessons and in return, he helps her create a new seasonal microbrew called hoppy holiday ipa for the brew-ski competition.  their feelings for each other blossom as joy and zac's new holiday ipa sells like crazy and seems to turn her business around.  however, when a suspiciously similar brew shows up at frosty's, joy can't help but suspect zac because she believes he's the only one who knows the secret recipe.  as christmas eve is fast approaching joy races to uncover the truth behind the thief of her new recipe in hopes of saving her family's business and rekindling her new romance with zac. 
 

this holiday film premiered on july 20 at 8pm est on hallmark channel.
for more on "a very vermont christmas" visit:
 a very vermont christmas





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
rescuing christmas 
starring: rachel leigh cook and sam page 

christmas comes early for hallmark viewers when the channel celebrates "christmas in july!"  three all-new original holiday movies premiere on saturdays in july.  a bonus present, an extended cut of fan-fave "three wise men and a baby" aired on july 6. 
up next, is "rescuing christmas," a fun-for-the-whole-family film starring rachel leigh cook and sam page. 
still reeling from a breakup last christmas, talented freelance photographer erin smithson is feeling less than festive as the holidays approach.  unbeknownst to her, santa has agreed to grant three magical christmas wishes to one lucky recipient in desperate need of some holiday cheer.  believing the constant emails she receives advising she is the lucky winner are spam, erin wants nothing to do with the operation wish program or santa's two elves, chuck and debbie who are running it.  with the countdown to christmas day fast approaching, completely frustrated by everyone being in the holiday spirit, erin makes the rashest wish of all - that christmas never existed.  it's a wish that has more consequences than she ever imagined, as she's now the only person in the world to remember what christmas was. with the aid of sam, a recent blind date set-up, erin reintroduces her family to the holiday traditions she remembers and loved growing up.  with just days to go until christmas eve, can a little elf magic, combined with sam's belief in her, be enough for erin to revive the forgotten holiday, and possibly receive the greatest gift of all - love? 

catch this premiere on july 13 at 8pm est on hallmark channel.
for more on "rescuing christmas" visit:
rescuing christmas





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
three wise men and a baby: extended cut
starring: paul campbell, tyler hynes and andrew walker

christmas comes early for hallmark viewers when the channel celebrates "christmas in july!"  three all-new original holiday movies premiere on saturdays in july.  a bonus present, an extended cut of fan-fave "three wise men and a baby" airs on july 6. 
three brothers who have difted apart over the years, have to come together when a baby is unexpectedly dropped in their laps during the christmas season. for the first time in a long time, the men have to focus on someone other than themselves and the problems that are having in their lives.

the movie orginally premiered in 2022 and quickly became a fan favorite. combining three of hallmark's fave actors with a hilarous script co-written by hallmark staples, actress/writer, kimberley sustad and one of the stars of the movie, paul campbell.

the extended cut of the movie premiered july 6 at 8pm est on hallmark channel.
for more on "three wise men and a baby" visit:
three wise men and a baby





click on the photo above for a ton of pics from this musical extravaganza!!
cma fest on abc
couldn't make it to nashville for the annual ultimate country music party known as cma fest? don't worry! abc (and hulu) have got you covered!

on june 25, abc will air a three-hour musical event featuring thirty performances from today's hottest country music stars! these high-energy numbers were recorded in nashville from june 6 through the 9. tickets for cma fest 2025 go on-sale june 25 through ticketmaster.  
enjoy this year's recap on abc (or hulu ater the initial airing!) and then make your plans to be there in-person next year. 
jelly roll and ashley mcbryde host the show and will introduce the likes of luke bryan, little big town, keith urban and carly pearce.
"stepping onto the stage in front of 50,000 people to host cma fest at nissan stadium in my hometown of nashville was indescribable," says jelly roll. "the magnitude of the moment really hit me, to be across the street from the juvenile detention center i was in and to now be onstage hosting-how do you describe being in the same exact place while being in a place that couldn't be more different, at the same time."
"when my buddy jelly roll and i walked out into this massive crowd and felt the electric energy for the first time, it felt important," says mcbryde. "we were nervous! but it also felt good, because at the root of it all, it's just me and my pal cutting up, only we're doing it on national television for cma fest."   

don't miss a minute of the music when "cma fest" airs on abc... june 25 at 8:00pm est ! relive your favorite performaces again and again on hulu (streaming the next day!).
for more on "cma fest" on abc visit:
cma fest





click on the photo above for a ton of pics from this season!
when calls the heart: season 11
it's been a fabulous season for the fans of the people in hope valley on the popular hallmark channel series "when calls the heart." for over 10 seasons, characters like elizabeth thatcher-thornton, rosemary and lee coulter, bill avery, faith carter, lucas bouchard, nathan grant and the canfield family have made viewers laugh and cry with their charming experiences in a small early 1900's town.
season 11 flew by with the first eleven episodes exploring the mystery of who shot governor bouchard and why. viewers were also privileged to watch the developing relationship between elizabeth and nathan. 
in the 12th episode, titled, "anything for love," the relationship takes another step, as another couple in hope valley exchange vows. the coulters pitch a new potential vision to the governor. could it help the future of hope valley?  

tune in and see how this talented cast and crew wrap up a near-perfect season!
for more on "when calls the heart" visit:
when calls the heart





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
love and jane
starring: alison sweeney and benjamin ayres 

lilly is an ad agency account executive whose true passion lies within the pages of any jane austen novel.  a true "janeite," she spends her spare time running a local book club devoted to the beloved writer's works.  lilly longs for the simpler, more civilized life depicted in her favorite novels, when tiktok was just the sound a clock makes.  little does she know that her life is about to become a bit less ordinary when jane austen herself appears in her living room out of nowhere.  at first taken aback and not believing her own eyes, lilly soon comes to accept that her favorite author has inexplicably entered her world offering the kind of sage advice in life and love as only jane austen can.  flitting in and out at home and at lilly's office, jane helps her navigate the challenges in her life, including how to find inspiration for a winning campaign for her favorite bookstore which has just been purchased by trevor, a tech billionaire.  after their first meeting made a bad first impression on lilly, she finds herself running into him in unexpected places and soon it's clear there's an attraction between them.  not only does lilly start to give in to the romantic spark that's growing her creative spark is also ignited, leading her to return to the shelved novel she began to write years before.  but when trevor makes a grand gesture that backfires, their love story may not get its happy ending.  



this movie premieres february 10 at 8pm est on hallmark channel.
for more on "love and jane" visit:
love and jane





click on the photo above for more pics from this movie!
betty's bad luck in love
starring: laci j. mailey and marco grazzini 

betty was about to experience her first kiss when a jealous classmate "cursed" her with the fate of never finding true love.  after a long series of calamitous relationships that always ended in disaster for her boyfriends, betty stopped dating entirely.  now working as an actuary, she plays everything safe, preferring to focus on her career while she helps to plan her best friend mya's wedding.  understandably, betty is cautious when alex, a danger-seeking news photographer asks her out on a date.  after a great deal of encouragement from mya, betty decides to fight her fears and give love another chance.  she joins alex on his adventures with the goal of keeping him out of harm's way.  as their relationship blossoms, betty begins to relax and wonder whether the curse is real after all - until alex unexpectedly trips and falls down a staircase, leading betty to blame herself for his accident.  heartbroken, she frantically tries to find her childhood friend to lift the curse.  while in pursuit of tracking down her old friend, betty starts to realize that perhaps the curse was only a series of random accidents, and she shouldn't let fear lead her in life or in love.  



this movie premiered january 20 at 8pm est on hallmark channel.
for more on "betty's bad luck in love" visit:
betty's bad luck in love





click on the photo above for more pics from this series!
when calls the heart
it's hard to believe that we are already to the season 10 finale of "when calls the heart!" for true fans (called hearties), the last 12 weeks have flown by so quickly! admittedly, we are in a place in hope valley that no one saw coming. 
we're all on the edge of our seat wondering where this episode will leave our favorite characters. our only consulation is knowing that the cast and crew are hard at work on season 11 now. we just don't know which cast members are back next season. 

in the 12th (and final) episode of the season, titled "starry nights," elizabeth is at lucas' side, as is the entire town... supporting him on election day, hoping he will be the one to save the valley.  meanwhile, rosemary and lee discuss who should be their baby's godfather.   
this new episode premieres october 15 at 9pm est on the hallmark channel!
for more on "when calls the heart" visit:
when calls the heart







menu        
spotlight |  music |  tv | dvd | movies | books


in the spotlight    


previous features
allstar summer / zach and nathan interviews
avalon high / molly quinn and gregg sulkin interviews
best player / jenette mccurdy interview
bh chihuahua 2 / madison pettis interview
bucket & skinner / taylor gray and dillon lane interviews
change of plans / brooke white and randy jackson interviews
chuck series finale / adam baldwin and chris fedak interviews
a cinderella story / megan park interview
cyberbully / emily osment interview
hanna's gold / dan benson interview
fairly odd parents / drake bell & daniella monet interviews
icarly / jerry trainor interview
iparty with victorious / noah munck interview
jason earles interview
marley & me: the puppy years / travis turner interview
mean girls 2 / nicole anderson interview
merlin season 4 premiere
jennifer garner goes home
mr. popper's penguins/maxwell perry cotton & madeline carroll interviews
muppets premiere

enterteenmentnews.com main pagel">nickelodeon halo awards
night of the living fred / lucas cruikshank interview
ryan lee interview
scotty mccreery interview
sharpay's fabulous adventure / ashley tisdale interview
soul surfer / annasophia robb interview
supah ninjas premiere
the lying game / allie gonino interview
the troop / malese jow
a taste of romance / bailee madison interview
vampires suck / jenn proske interview
jimm bennett birthday bash
house of anubis cast
pretty litle liars / tyler blackburn
the lying game / alice greczyn
hunter hayes
saying goodbye to chuck w/adam baldwin
big time movie premiere
switched at birth / sean berdy
the lying game / adrian pasdar
awake / dylan minnette
gbk lounge oscars
john carter premiere
leonard nimoy fringe season 4 finale
mtv movie awards
katlin / weird ashely
"mirror mirror" movie review
young hollywood awards 2012
marty reading
cma music fest preview
girl power
katy perry part of me 3d
michael d'addario / people like us
brave
teen choice 2012 recap
american idol 2012 tour
magic mike premiere
marvel's the avengers feature
rock of ages movie review
odeya rush / the odd life of timothy green
tucker albrizzi q & a
meet the bunheads
jacob hopkins q & a
waner music summer olympics feature
re-finding nemo in 3d
the x-factor/simon and demi
fall tv 2012
photos from the pitch perfect premiere
gbk emmy gift lounge 2012
"bunhead's star, bailey buntain, guests on "the middle"
frankenweenie feature page
girl vs. monster with olivia holt and luke benward
scotty mccreery talks christmas album & more!
wreck it ralph feature page with stefanie scott interview!
actors & musicians gather 2 support cancer research @ the t.j. martell foundations family day!
meet "santa paws 2" actor, josh feldman!
a fairly odd christmas feature page! q & a with star, daniella monet!
happy holidays 2012! check out our gift guide & share holiday memories with the stars!
meet "marvin marvin" actress, victory van tuyl!
hotel transylvania blu-ray and dvd launch party! 
gbk gift lounge celebrates the 2013 academy awards!
colton dixon's debut album "a messenger" ignites hope!
go behind the curtain of "oz the great and powerful"
no 2 ways about it... broadway's "jekyll & hyde" should be at the top of your "to see" list!
iron man 3 slams into theaters!
the lone ranger premiere
enroll in monster's university!
gbk's espy awards gift lounge
disney's planes lands in theaters!
the goo goo dolls "magnetic" music keeps them on the fan fave list year after year!
nickelodeon premieres an all-star movie! see your faves in "swindle" on august 24!
an "epic" new adventure arrives on blu-ray, dvd and digital download!
the fall season 2013!
the guardaheart foundation fund raises bond style!
they wanna rock! the stars of "cbgb" light up the red carpet!
"jessie" star peyton list greets fans in west virginia
luke bryan's "dirt road diaries tour" makes for a great entry or two!
gbk pre-emmy 2013 gift lounge is a bonafide hit!
thor: the dark world london premiere
frozen premiere
thor: the dark world feature page
bailee maidson talks "pete's christmas"
saving mr. banks feature page
the blake shelton "ten times crazier" tour makes for an insanely good night!
in to everyone's life, a lot of "reign" should fall!
nickelodeon brings a super new show to saturday night! "the thundermans!"
anything that can go wrong... will! ciara bravo stars in nickelodeon's "jinxed!"
"percy jackson: sea of monsters" is unleashed on dvd and blu-ray
need for speed premiere
the muppet most wanted premiere
need for speed feature page
the fosters season one finale! david lambert on playing "brandon" & more!
join the muppets on a global adventure as "muppets most wanted" arrives on 3/21!
twisted's 1st season finale on abc family! we get scoop from series star, maddie hasson!
captain america the winter soldier marches into theaters!
bailey buntain guest stars on abc family's "baby daddy!"
the pirate fairy premiere
olivia holt's special screening of bears
we talk to david deluise about his guest appearance on abc family's "baby daddy!"
maleficent press begins
million dollar arm premiere
million dollar arm feature page
maleficent feature page
maia mitchell gives us the scoop on season 2 of "the fosters"
katie leclerc talks "switched at birth's" summer premiere!
season 3 comes to an end on "baby daddy!" derek theler gives us a sneak peak!
abc family chefs up a new comedy, "young and hungry," starring emily osment!
"planes fire and rescue" ignites hope, gratitude & laughter in movie-watchers!
knott's berry farm is the place to be this summer!
marvel brings out their big guns at comic-con international 2014!
"guardians of the galaxy" feature page
italia ricci talks "chasing life's" summer finale & beyond!
emily osment dishes on the summer season finale of "young & hungry!"
fall tv 2014!
"gracepoint" actor, david tennant, briefs us on the new fox mystery event!
alexander & the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day" makes your day better!
fall in love with "the best of me!"
several of your faves in music and television show up to support the radio disney music awards!

performers rock out 2 nights in a row - iheartradio music festival on the cw!
the thundermans and the haunted hathaways join forces for one great halloween caper!
ben mckenzie talks "gotham!"
an epic story continues when the hunger games - mockingjay part 1 arrives in theaters!
nickelodeon stars join forces in "santa hunters!"
 brad paisley helps west virginia audience beat this winter!
visit our holiday page for suggestions on making this holiday season the best ever!

celebrate christmas with "the fosters!" hayden byerly talks holidays and more!

dylan riley snyder turns 18 with a party gamers would trade their controllers to attend!!
the cast & crew of "mcfarland, usa" gathered for a star-studded, 1st place kind of premiere!
"pretty little liars'" star keegan allen meets and greets fans at the charleston town center!
mcfarland, usa feature page
the stars of "cinderella" gather for a premiere!
cinderella feature page
an all-star cast gathers for the premiere of their film: "the divergent series: insurgent!"
disneynature isn't "monkey-ing" around! celeb fans celebrate the release of "monkey kingdom!"
radio disney music awards 2015
stars check out the latest swag at the gbk kids' choice awards gift lounge
kids choice awards 2015
disneynature's "monkey kingdom" swings into theaters!
marvel's "avengers: age of ultron" brings star power to hollywood!
ben mckenzie talks "gotham's" final four!
"little boy" touches hearts in a big way!
milo ventimiglia is shrek-ing havoc on fox's "gotham!"
teen talent on "gotham" tease a "can't miss" season 1 finale!
"tomorrowland's" premiere brings stars to downtown disney
your favorite stars clown around to raise awareness of a great cause!
ideas for "100 things to do before high school!"
hollywood turns "inside out" for another great disney pixar premiere!
brady reiter stars on "100 things to do before high school!"
the cast of "teen beach movie 2" gathers for a gnarly premiere party!
it's back! "terminator genisys" attempts to save the world... 2015 style!
marvel's "ant-man" cast and crew gather for a huge hollywood premiere
triple threat, paris smith, talks the 4th and final season of "every witch way!"
nickelodeon kids' choice sports awards 2015
abc highlights "cma music festival: country's night to rock!"
a q.& a. w/ rahart adams as we say goodbye to "every witch way!"
one direction does not "drag" anyone down w/ their appearance on "gma"
backstage creations hosts a retreat in honor of "teen choice awards!"
nbc's fall tv programming has something for everyone!
richard brancatisano dishes about life on "chasing life!"
new bella, chrissie fit, talks "pitch perfect 2" as the film arrives on blu-ray & dvd! 
rahart adams, tells us the truth about "liar liar vampire!"
the whole peanuts gang is ready for their motion picture debut!
the 2015 american music awards red carpet
teens making a difference are honored at the 2015 halo awards!
disney channel gets in the holiday spirit with fa-la-la-lidays
nickelodeon stars come together to celebrate one super-sized "ho-ho-holiday special"
meet "gortimer gibbon's life on normal street's" sloane morgan siegel!
our 2015 holiday page!
the taylor swift "1989" tour far surpasses even our wildest dreams!
"the scorch trials" author, james dashner, talks about the blu-ray/dvd release!
amazon concocts a sweet new series! "just add magic" has a special screening in hollywood!
can one teenager save her brother and the world? visit our "the 5th wave" feature page!
nickelodeon has gone to the dogs! watch "rufus" on january 18!
cast and crew of "the finest hours" gather for a true blue hollywood premiere
down to the wire! your last "american idol" top 4!
the cast of the marvel release, "captain america: civil war" unite for a hollywod premiere!

  
 


the cast of "goosebumps: the vanishing" talk being a part of the goosebumps legacy and more!
coming january 10th to disney plus and hulu, the next installment of the super popular "goosebumps" franchise is an 8 episode thriller called "goosebumps: the vanishing." combining concepts from the popular r.l. stine book series, fans will recognize several of the story ideas and the sheer creepiness that they have come to love, right off the bat.

tv veteran and beloved actor, david schwimmer plays "anthony," a recently divorced dad of teenage twins "cece" (played by jayden bartels) and "devin" (played by sam mccarthy). the twins are spending the summer with their dad and while hanging with their new group of friends, the topic of a long unsolved mystery comes up. anthony's brother (the twins' uncle) was one of four teenagers who vanished in the area some thirty years ago. cece, devin and their friends accidentally set all kinds of strange happenings into motion and must band together to fight against the unleashed evil.  
hear more from the cast here:



this nail-biting, thril ride premieres on disney plus and hulu on january 10th! be prepared to be scared!
learn more about "goosebumps: the vanishing" here:

goosebumps: the vanishing


visit our holiday page for suggestions on making this holiday season the best ever!
it's the most "wonderful time of the year" and we want to help you and your family have the best holiday possible! visit our annual holiday page to read answers to our poll questions from actors and musicians!

we also let you know what christmas music helps to get everyone in the christmas spirit and what movies you should see while the family is all together!

and last but not least, we give you some suggestions so you can check off that "to buy for" list and maybe even give you some ideas for your own wish list!

visit our holiday page and feel free to tweet (x) us with your holiday suggestions or offer them on our instagram or facebook!!
new info added every day! check back often! 




so much great home entertainment arriving in the new year! find out when all of your faves are coming to blu-ray and dvd on our updated home entertainment page!!
use our list of upcoming releases to mark your calendars for when the titles you want are arriving at the stores you frequent or will be available on-line!







check back often as new titles and reviews are added! 

check out the update home entertainment page!

innerteenment news home entertainment page



country music celebrates another incredible year of great music! the cma awards air live on november 20!
country music's biggest stars come together to celebrate the best in the last year of country music when abc and the cma present "the cma awards!" this years musical extravaganza is hosted by lainey wilson, luke bryan and peyton manning.
this year's line-up is scheduled to include performances by:  kelsea ballerini, dierks bentley, luke bryan, brooks and dunn, eric church, luke combs, riley green, sierra hull, bronwyn keith-hynes, jelly roll, cody johnson, noah kahan, ella langley, ashley mcbryde, megan moroney, kacey musgraves, post malone, shaboozey, chris stapleton, teddy swims, thomas rhett, molly tuttle, lainey wilson and bailey zimmerman.


click on the photo above to see some pics of your hosts!

presenters include: simone biles, clint black, jeff bridges, mark collie, jordan davis, freddie freeman, don johnson, jackson laux, little big town, dustin lynch, katharine mcphee, the oak ridge boys, taylor frankie paul, carly pearce, caleb pressley, nate smith, daniel sunjata, mitchell tenpenny and billy bob thornton.

mark your calanders for november 20! if you miss it - catch it beginning the next day on hulu!
for more on "the cma awards" visit:
the cma awards ! 




welcome back russo's! a new generation of wizards are ready to put you under their spell! the cast and creative team celebrate a new era with old and new friends!

seventeen years ago, television audiences fell in love with the russo family! a seemingly normal married couple with three seemingly nomral children. but the russos had a huge secret. they were actually wizards. the show was magic for its faithful fans and ran four years on the disney channel. it also launched the career of singer/actress/business woman extraordinaire, selena gomez. 
the russo family returns to the disney channel on october 29 at 8:00 for not one, but two new episodes of "wizards beyond waverly place." in this new series, justin russo has decided to live a normal mortal life with his family, giada, roman and milo. an unexpected visit from his sister alex, who has a young wizard-in-training in tow, will disrupt justin's normal life and throw him into the position of having to keep the wizard world safe.
the cast of "wizards beyond waverly place" gathered in hollywood with their creative team, crew and a ton of friends and guests to celebrate the show's return.
click on the photo below to see a ton of pics of from the star-studded premiere



tune in to the new series on tuesday, october 29 at 8:00pm on the disney channel. a second new episode follows at 8:30. all eight episodes of the show will be on disney+ the next day. 
for more on wizards beyond waverly place ... visit:

wizards of waverly place
photos by: the disney channel and disney channel+ 



a beautiful new movie to inspire you this winter! "out of my mind" touches lives on disney+ this november!
melody brooks is a smart and beautiful sixth grader. she just happens to have cerebral palsy and is confined to a wheelchair. melody is also non-verbal and longs to communicate with the world.
a young educator realizes melody's untapped potential and begins to champion for the bright student to be moved to a regular classroom. this change is the catalyst for melody to begin to find her voice.



the cast of this beautiful movie includes, rosemarie dewitt, luke kirby, michael chernus, courtney taylor and judith light. "melody" is played by phoebe-rae-taylor in her film debut. 
jennifer aniston portrays "melody's" inner voice.

see the trailer for the movie here:


mark your calanders for november 22. grab some tissues, some family and friends and enjoy this moving movie together!
for more on "out of my mind" visit:
out of my mind ! 




happy new scare? a new season of "goosebumps" arrives in early 2025!
"goosebumps" has been entertaining readers and television viewers for more than thirty years and the upcoming disney+ series promises to continue the frightening good time!  "goosebumps: the vanishing," an eight episode limited series, starring david schwimmer, ana ortiz, jayden bartels, and sam mccarthy will premiere on january 10.
in this intriguing mystery, twins, cece and devin brewer are spending the summer with their dad, anthony, in brooklyn, ny. the twins' new friends teach them more about a thirty-year-old mystery where four teens vanished and were never heard from again. it's unfortunately, a tragedy that hits close to home for cece and devin. 



this installment of the series drawls from the scholastic published "goosebumps," books including "stay out of the basement," "the haunted car," "monster blood," "the girl who cried monster," "the ghost next door," "welcome to camp nightmare" and more!

for a scary good time, mark january 10 on your calendar and see if you can solve this mystery!
for more on "goosebumps: the vanishing..." visit:
goosebumps: the vanishing ! 




actor/host, mario lopez, to receive a star of the hollywood walk of fame!

multi-talnted actor/host/producer, mario lopez, is the next entertainer to receive a star on the legendary hollywood walk of fame. his ceremony will take place on his birthday, october 10 at 11:30am pt.   

emceeing the event is walk of famer and iheart media personality ellen k. guests speaking at the ceremony include mark wahlberg, elvia lopez and valari staab.
mario's career started more than four decades ago in commericals and in appearances on shows like "golden girls" and "kids incorporated. he rose to fame quickly when he was cast as "ac slater" on the popular nbc saturday morning tv show, "saved by the bell."

he continued his acting career and began hosting games shows, beauty pageants and parades before landing a long-term gig on access hollwood. he also hosts "access daily with mario and kit," and "on with mario lopez."




next up for mario (and his family) is the gac christmas movie, "once upon a christmas wish," coming this december. his other christmas movies, "feliznavidad" and "holiday in sante fe" repeat on the lifetime network around the holidays.
to watch the ceremony via livestream... visit:
https://walkoffame.com/ ! 

congratulations mario on this well-deserved honor! we can't wait to see your star!



a most anticipated magical return! "wizards beyond waverly place" comes to disney channel and disney+ just in time for halloween!
"wizards of waverly place" was a huge hit on the disney channel that launched the careers of selena gomez, david henrie, and jake t. austin. "the russo family" delighted fans for five years and brought a million magical laughs to audiences everywhere.
original cast member, david henrie, is instrumental in bringing that same type of magic to a new audience with "wizards beyond waverly place." this new series follows henrie's character "justin russo," who has decided to live life with his wife and two young children as a mortal. all that changes when his sister "alex" (selena gomez reprises her role in the first episode of the series) brings young "billie," a wizard in training, to justin's for help. justin must brush up on his wizardingly ways in order to offer his unique guidance.





click on the poster above for more pics from the show!
what else we know! the first two episodes premiere on the disney channel on october 29, at 8:00pm. the first eight episodes will stream the following day (wednesday, october 30) on disney+ and disney on demand. 
a super cool fun fact - disney channel alumni raven-symone (that's so raven) and danielle fishel (girl meets world) both directed episodes of "wizards beyond waverly place."  
we will keep you posted as we learn more about this fun new show! 




we salute one of the most fun decades ever in our 80 days of the 80's special event!
it was the decade that gave us great music, great movies and great television that are all still being streamed today! the eighties ruled!
that's why we have decided to spotlight entertainment during that wild, crazy and fun time period! every day for the next 80 days we will highlight one of the best things from that 80's that we think you should check out!



be sure to visit our social media pages and tell us what 80's entertainment you loved the most!

for more on all things 80's... visit our 80's page!

80 days of the 80's!




lainey wilson's new album "whirlwind" aptly reflects her last couple of year's as a rising country music star!

louisiana native, lainey wilson has spent the last few years doing exactly what rising country music stars should do. make great music, perform for thousands of fans, rack up a ton of awards and love country music with everything you got. check! check! check! check! 


her fifth studio album "whirlwind" was released on august 23rd and is already becoming a fan-favorite amongst music fans, especially those who lean into country. the album boasts 14 new songs, all co-written by lainey, which means they are personal and authentic to the life the singer/songwriter is living. 


the first single "hang tight honey," cracked the billboard top 20 shortly before the album release. there are thirteen great options for the album's second single including the rockin', get your toe-tappin' "keep up with jones," the beautiful break-up ballad "broken hearts still beat," or the whimsical "middle of it."


the title track, "whilrlwind," will have you rolling the windows down and cranking the volume up while "whiskey colored crayon" will likely make you shed a couple of tears.

overall, the album "whirlwind" is a collection fans will enjoy, and that lainey can be extremely proud to call hers. to hear a few of the songs live, check out lainey's official site for her current tour dates. 


there is a reason that lainey wilson is the reigning cma entertainer and female vocalist of the year. and with all the potential hits on "whirlwind" there is a reason her reign isn't likely to end anytime soon. 



click on the photo above to order "whirlwind!"
find out more about lainey and check her tour dates by visiting...

lainey wilsons official site




"home sweet home!" carrie underwood returns to "american idol" as a judge!
abc announced recently that superstar, carrie underwood, will replace katy perry as a judge on the next season of "american idol." when the show returns to air next year, carrie will join fellow country singer, luke bryan, and music legend, lionel richie, at the judges table to first decide which singers should move on to the hollywood round and then offer expert advice on how contestants should navigate the competition. 

"this upcoming season marks 20 years since carrie won america's hearts on 'idol' and launched her successful multi-grammy award-winning career. as a former idol and dynamic musical force, she brings a remarkably unique perspective to one of the most popular shows on television," said craig erwich, president, disney television group. "this is a full-circle moment both for the show and audiences at home who have been tuning in for over two decades. welcome home, carrie."



auditions are open now for anyone in any state to submit their virtual audition. check the photo above and best of luck to all potential singers!
for more on carrie underwood... visit

carrie underwood official site
for more on american idol... visit

american idol
photo of carrie by: randee st. nicholas  



where in the world is taylor swift?
taylor swift and her "eras tour" team are back in business after unfortunately having to cancel three shows in vienna for safety reasons.
the world's biggest pop star, is currently in the middle of a five show run at wembley stadium in london, delighting audiences night after night! 
when these shows are over, taylor and her incredible crew get a well-deserved break (perfectly timed with the start of football season?) before launching the last leg of the "eras" tour in north america. the last leg kicks off in miami, florida on october 18! 
for more on taylor and the eras tour visit:
taylor swift's official site ! 
check out taylor's instagram for pics from her shows!

taylor swift's instagram




good versus evil rarely looks and sounds so good! "descendants: the rise of red" premieres on disney+ and has franchise fans loving new characters and tunes!
the descendants franchise lives on with a "mostly" new cast of characters and plenty of new songs to enchant new and old fans alike. "descendants: the rise of red" is the fourth installment of the popular disney movie brand. this time around, the story centers around the "queen of hearts" daughter, "red," who is struggling with trying to get out of her mother's shadow and create a life for herself. she is surprised when her mother accepts an invitation for red to attend auradon, yet not surprised when their initial visit to the school actually ends in her mother attempting a coup to right a long-grudged wrong. 

during the coup, red and new acquaintance, "chloe," (cinderella's daughter) end up magically being sent back in time to when their parents were students at the prestigious school. these new frenemies must team up to stop the event that turned good people bad and then figure out how to get back to their place in the time. their journey causes both girls to view their parents in whole new lights!





click on the photo above to see pics from the fun movie!


this super talented cast includes kylie cantrall (red)), malia baker (chloe) dara renee (uliana), ruby rose turner (bridget), china anne mcclain (uma), melanie paxson (fairy godmother), and rita ora (queen of hearts). actress/singer brandy reprises her role as "cinderella" from "rodgers and hammerstein's: cinderella" along with her original "prince charming," paolo montalban.
could one of these young talents be the next household name like miley, selena or olivia? it's totally possible!
for more on "descendants: the rise of red" visit:
descendants: the rise of red ! 

gather the family and stream on disney+ today!
photos provided by: disney+



kids have the power to pick the winners at the nickelodeon kids' choice awards 2024!
it's the wild, wacky, crazy show we look forward to all year long and this year is no exception! the 2024 nickelodeon kids' choice awards will air live on july 13 at 8pm(est). co-hosting the show this year is none other than nickelodeon's favorite dynamic duo, spongebob squarepants (voiced by tom kenney) and patrick star (voiced by bill fagerbakke). this is historic in the sense that this is the first time animated characters will host a full-length awards show! 



nominees this year include: halle bailey, austin butler, sabrina carpenter, kai cenat, timothee chalamet, luke combs, ariana debose, ayo edebiri, ryan gosling, renee rapp, margot robbie, and paul rudd, all nominated for the very first time! leading the pack with six nods is taylor swift, followed by beyonce, miley cyrus, olivia rodrigo and justin timberlake, with four nominations each.

visit our kids' choice page for all kinds of info and learn how to vote vote vote:

kids' choice awards page




you called for another case and they answered! "ghostbusters: frozen empire" slides into blu-ray and dvd!
one of the most popular films from the 80's comes back from the dead as "ghostbusters: frozen empire," arrives on all your home entertainment choices.
in this reincarnation, a new genration of the spengler family heads to new york city to see where it all started. while visiting with the original ghostbusters, an ancient artifact is uncovered that unleashes a new crop of ghosts that begin to start an a new ice age. original and new ghostbusters must band together to save the world!
starring paul rudd, carrie coon, finn wolfhard, mckenna grace, kumail nanijani, patton oswatt, bill murray, dan ackroyd, ernie hudson, and annie potts!

enjoy this fun-filled adventure with your whole family! perfect for out-door summer viewing on cool nights or indoor viewing on hot nights!


grab your copy at most places home entertainment is sold or order by clicking the photo above!
bonus features on the 4k uhd, blu-ray, and digital include: deleted and extended scenes easter eggs unleashed, return to the firehouse: making ghostbusters: frozen empire busted: capturing the ghosts of frozen empire, manifesting garraka,
new york, new gear, welcome to the paranormal discovery center, knowing the score, commentary with director, co-writer gil kenan.
extras on the dvd include: return to the firehouse: making ghostbusters: frozen empire, and busted: capturing the ghosts of frozen empire.

don't be afraid to gather the whole family and enjoy together!
for more on "ghostbusters: frozen empire" visit:
"ghostbusters: frozen empire" ! 




heat up that lasagna! "the garfield movie" is now available to rent or buy on digital outlets!
america's favorite feline is back in a new full-length feature! "the garfield movie" moves from delighting audiences in the theater to bringing the fun right into your homes, or cars, or wherever you watch your digital content!

it's a whole new world for garfield when the indoor cat joins his long-lost father, vic, the street cat, in an outdoor adventure. even odie ends up getting in on the action. can garfield help family but get back to the life he loves with jon (and odie)? get the whole family together (don't forget your pets) and enjoy this fun-filled adventure together.

featured voices christ pratt (garfield), samuel l. jackson (vic), ving rhames (otto), hannah waddingham (jinx), and nicholas hoult (jon), are joined by fun special appearances like cecily strong (marge malone), snoop dogg, (maurice), janelle james (olivia) and jeff foxworthy (zapped bird). 


bonus features on the digital purchase (available at most digital outlets) include: gag reel, easter eggs: garnishes a la garfield, deleted scene - "i'm back" animatic, featuring hannah waddingham
also includes: indoor cat, outdoor adventure, cast of critters, how to draw's, concept arts, animation progression reel

you can find this fun feature on most streaming outlets! rent or buy your copy today!
for more on "the garfield movie" visit:
"the garfield movie" ! 



country music's biggest party is showcased on abc and hulu! cma fest 2024 air june 25 at 8pm! a three-hour music extravaganza you don't want to miss!
couldn't make it to nashville for the annual ultimate country music party known as cma fest? don't worry! abc (and hulu) have got you covered!
on june 25, abc will air a three-hour musical event featuring thirty performances from today's hottest country music stars! these high-energy numbers were recorded in nashville from june 6 through the 9. tickets for cma fest 2025 go on-sale june 25 through ticketmaster. enjoy this year's recap on abc (or hulu ater the initial airing!) and then make your plans to be there in-person next year.
jelly roll and ashley mcbryde host the show and will introduce the likes of luke bryan, little big town, keith urban and carly pearce.     
click on the photo below to see a ton of pics by just some of the artists who performed.



tune into abc, tuesday, june 25, at 8pm! don't miss a single note! stream your favorite performances the next day on hulu!
for more on "cma fest" including how you can plan to be there next year... visit:

cma fest 2024
photos provided by: abc



90's con takes fans back to some of their all-time favorite entertainment
we are so jealous of the entertainment fans who spent their weekend in tampa, florida with their favorite stars from the 90's. that's 4 entertainment is the event company that specializes in bringing fans and their favorite artists together at 90's con. from the looks of the pictures and the social media posts, this con did not dissapoint!
on saturday, fans partied like it was a "tgif" by attending panels that reunited the casts of shows like "boy meets world" "full" and "fuller house," "family matters," and "sabrina the teenage witch!"
later, nick carter of the backstreet boys, rocked the house for a lucky crowd!
click on the photo below to see a ton of pics of several of the talent in attendance.



for more on "90's con" including how you can plan to be there next year... visit:

thats4entertainment
photos by: adrian ruiz/thats4entertainment 



let "hotel transylvania: transformania" check in to your home entertainment collection! or add "hotel transylvania: 4 movie collection" instead!
drac and his lovable family are back in the fourth installment of the popular "hotel transylvania" series titled "hotel transylvania: transformania!" the tables get turned in this one when van helsing's mysterious invention, the "monsterfication ray" goes rogue and the monsters are turned into humans while johnny becomes a monster. drac and crew have a hard time navigating life, not only as humans, but without their powers. it turns into a race against time to make things right again. will they make it? pick up "hotel transylvania: transformania" on blu-ray plus digital to find out!

the hotel transylvania movies feature the voices of some of our faves in entertainment including, andy samberg, selena gomez, kathryn hahn, jim gaffigan, steve buscemi, molly shannon, david spade, keegan-michael key, brian hull and fran drescher. 

bonus material on this blu-ray + digital includes: a hotel transylvania mini movie: "monster pets." monster mash-up: making hotel transylvania: transformania, selena vs. andy: a hotel transylvania quiz, "love is not hard to find" by yendry - lyric video, filmmaker commentary and more! 






pick these titles up and most places where home entertainment is sold or have them shipped straight to your home by clicking the photos above!


arriving on dvd + digital the same time as "transformania" (august 15) is the "hotel transylvania: 4-movie collection" which features all four ht films plus bonus material. extras include goodnight mr. foot - short film, hotel transylvania puppy! - short film, a hotel transylvania mini-movie: monster pets, monster mash-up: making hotel transylvania: transformania, selena vs. andy: a hotel transylvania trivia quiz, "love is not hard to find" by yendry - lyric video, "problem" music video by becky g featuring will.i.am, "i'm in love with a monster" music video by fifth harmony, deleted scenes, behind the scenes, filmmaker commentary and more!



taylor swift announces "1989 - taylor's version" coming october 27! pre-order your copy now!
swifties attending taylor swift's last 2023 us tour stop in los angeles on august 9 heard the news first! the singer/songwriter stopped the show long enough to announce that her next re-record "1989 - taylor's version" will be available on octber 27!
the newly recorded album will feature new versions of the previously releaed hits "blank space," "style," "bad blood," "shake it off," and "wildest dreams," as well as, five previously un-released songs that didn't make the cut on the first release of the album. "to be perfectly honest, this is my most favorite re-record i've ever done because the 5 from the vault tracks are so insane," taylor told her 270 million instagram follwers. 
"i can't believe they were ever left behind." 



head to taylor's official site and pre-order your copy now!
taylor's official site:

taylorswift.com
we can't wait!


the cast and filmmakers of disney's "the little mermaid" emerge from under the sea to celebrate a fin-tastic world premiere!
hollywood rolled out the blue carpet for the cast, crew and guests of the much-anticipated, upcoming feature film "the little mermaid." this latest live-action remake boasts the talents of melissa mccarthy, halle bailey, daveed diggs, jacob tremblay, awkwafina, jonah hauer-king, art malik, noma dumezweni, and javier bardem.
many of the film's stars arrived with family and friends to get a sneak peak of the movie which arrives in theaters on may 26. the countdown has begun as the trailer and commericials have fans ready to dive-in and be part of that world.  
click on the photo below for a bunch of pics from this gorgeous, fun-filled, star-studded event!



for more on "the little mermaid" visit:

the little mermaid
photos provided by: walt disney studios



sadie laflamme-snow talks going back in time on "the way home!"
hallmark has a bonafide hit on its hand with the original series, "the way home." viewers can't get enough of the family drama with a time-traveling, mystery twist.  

the beautiful and talented actress, (it's hard to believe that she's a relative newcomer to acting for television) sadie laflamme-snow is doing an amazing job bringing "alice dhawan" to life. 
we were so excited about chatting with the rising star about her audition process, putting "alice" together, working with chyler leigh and andie macdowell, and so much more! 
hear what we learned about sadie here:



learn more about "the way home" here:

https://www.hallmarkchannel.com/the-way-home
if you haven't been watching "the way home" on sunday's at 9:00pm, catch up now and get in for the last few nail-biting episodes! if there is a petition for a second season, tell us where to sign!




the second episode of the innerteenmentnews.com podcast is live now!
we are still excited that we recently entered the wonderful world of podcsating! finding another way to talk entertainment with all of you is what we look forward to the most! 

you can currently find the podcast here, on our youtube channel, on spotify, amazon music, iheart, tunein, playerfm, podcast addict and more. we hope to have more outlets for you soon. if we are not currently where you listen to podcasts, please let us know!
so much happening in this episode! we talk about the latest star on the hollywood walk of fame (robert downey, jr. was there!), the nickelodeon kids' choice awards, american idol, milo ventamiglia's return to weekly television and so much more!

check out our entertainment breakdown for feb. 19 - 22 here:



so excited for you all to check this out and talk entertainment with us! 




tune in to the first ever innerteenmentnews.com podcast!
we are so excited to announce that we have entered the wonderful world of podcasting! finding another way to talk entertainment with all of you is what we look forward to the most! 

you can currently find the podcast here, on our youtube channel, on spotify, amazon music, iheart, tunein, playerfm, podcast addict and more. we hope to have more outlets for you soon. if we are not currently where you listen to podcasts, please let us know!
check out our entertainment breakdown for feb. 12-18 here:




in this episode, we talk about the super bowl, the bachelor, the masked singer, a million little things and a ton of other happenings in entertainment this week. you also get a sneak peak at our upcoming interview with "the way home's" sadie laflamme-snow! so much to talk about!

so excited for you all to check this out and talk entertainment with us! 



universal music group celebrates the grammys with a star-studded, musician-filled, after party!
the 65th annual grammy awards were packed full of powerful performances and well deserved wins. shout out to all the winners (and nominees). it truly was a great year in music.
universal music group continued the party at milk studios in los angeles. the event was attended by notable music makers such as stevie wonder, shania twain, olivia rodrigo, ll cool j, joe jonas, machine gun kelly, babyface, camila cabello, travis japan, and best new artist winner, samara joy.  
other notable celebrities in attendance included megan fox, adrien brody, mckenna grace, and paris jackson. all the guests mingled with universal music group executives and a good time was had by all! 



click on the photo above for tons of pics from this special event!
for more on universal music group... visit:

umg
photos provided by: getty images/umg



the countdown to the much anticipated premiere of "marvel's moon girl and devil dinosaur" is underway!
marvel fans have been waiting for the universe's latest animated series for a very long time and the wait is almost over. "marvel's moon girl and devil dinosaur," will not only premiere on the disney channel on february 10, but the first 6 episode will be available on dinsey+ on february 15th.  

guest stars, jennifer hudson and daveed diggs, will voice "mane" and "rat king," respectively, two villains that will be featured in the first season.
watch the recently released trailer for the series here:




the series features the voice talents of diamond white as lunella/moon girl; fred tatasciore as devil dinosaur; alfre woodard as lunella's grandmother, mimi; libe barer as lunella's best friend and manager, casey; sasheer zamata as lunella's mom, adria; jermaine fowler as lunella's dad, james jr.; gary anthony williams as lunella's grandfather, pops; and series executive producer laurence fishburne in the recurring role of the beyonder, a curious and mischievous trickster.
mark your calendars and set your tivos/dvrs! enjoy this new animated adventure with the whole family!




actress, alex hook, shares insight with us on "the way home!"
it's been a while since the hallmark channel launched a brand new series, so anticipation for the january 15th premiere of "the way home" is high! we know we are really looking forward to the intriguing series that features family, drama and oh yeah, that little element known as "time-travel."  

we were able to get a little more info from series regular, alex hook, who plays chyler leigh's character "kat," as a teenager. nickelodeon fans might remember alex from her hit show, "i am frankie," and will love seeing her in this new drama.
find out what alex shared with us here:




learn more about "the way home" here:

https://www.hallmarkchannel.com/the-way-home
grab your moms, grannies, mother figures, sisters, aunts, cousins, all your family and watch together when the series premieres on sunday, january 15, at 9pm est - on the hallmark channel!




the annual football game on christmas day gets a nickelodeon make-over!
the "nickelodeon nfl nickmas game" airs at 4:30pm on sunday, december 25, on cbs and will livestream on paramount plus! so, not only do sports fans get to watch a great game between the la rams and the denver broncos, nickelodeon fans get to see some of their network faves during the games!  

we had so much fun talking with rising young stars, gabrielle nevaeh green (that girl lay lay) and dylan gilmer (young dylan) about the jobs they will hold while covering the big game for nickelodeon!  
check out all the info they shared here:




find out more about "nickelodeon nfl nickmas game" here:

https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/
gather your family together and enjoy the football game featuring the la rams, the denver broncos, nickelodeon talent and fun on december 25 at 4:30pm! watch on cbs or stream on paramount plus!




nfl's annual christmas day game gets nickelodeon-ized!
fans who make football on christmas day an annual tradtion are getting an extra special treat this year! the "nickelodeon nfl nickmas game" will air at 4:30pm on sunday, december 25, on cbs and will livestream on paramount plus!

we were thrilled to talk with iconic, voice over legend, bill fagerbakke, who is best known as the voice of "patrick star," from the spongebob squarepants franchise. bill gave us some hints as to what to expect when the nickelodeon and nfl world's collide at the nickmas game! 
check out our fun conversation here:




find out more about "nickelodeon nfl nickmas game" here:

https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/
gather your family together and enjoy the football game featuring the la rams, the denver broncos, nickelodeon talent and fun on december 25 at 4:30pm! watch on cbs or stream on paramount plus!




spend thanksgiving with one of tv's most beloved families! the waltons are back!
after the success of last year's "the waltons: homecoming," a family-oriented christmas special, "the waltons" are back and this time, we get to celebrate thanksgiving with them! "a walton's thanksgiving" airs on november 20 on the cw!

innerteenment had a great time talking with rising young stars, marcelle leblanc and christian finlayson about returning to the small screen as "mary ellen walton" and "jason walton." the two give all kinds of behind-the-scenes info about making this special movie and marcelle shares a heart-breaking reason why her character singing in this movie is so special to her.
we hope you enjoy hearing about this heart-warming holiday movie as much as we did!



find out more about "a waltons thanksgiving" here:

https://www.cwtv.com/
and set your tivo's and dvr's now for november 20 at 8:00pm! gather the family and enjoy this wonderful story together!



learn more about "a waltons thanksgiving" from three of its rising young stars!
we are thankful that this holiday season includes a follow-up to last year's super successful, sweet film "the waltons: homecoming" on the cw! "a waltons thanksgiving airs on sunday, november 20 at 8pm. 

it was so nice to talk with rising young stars tatum matthews, callaway corrick and samuel goergen about their roles as "erin," "elizabeth," and "jim bob walton." you can tell that these three love acting and being part of the "walton" legacy.
find out what behind-the-scenes info we learned from this talented trio!



learn more about "a waltons thanksgiving" here:

https://www.cwtv.com/
and set your tivo's and dvr's now for november 20 at 8:00pm! make a great memory with the whole family and enjoy this wonderful story together!


here comes "the santa clauses!" the first two episodes magically appear on disney plus nov. 16!
an adventure that started almost thirty years ago, magically re-appears this holiday season! "the santa clauses," a six-episode series that continues the story of scott calvin and his family as they juggle the job of being "the first family" of the north pole, premieres the first two episodes on nov. 16 on disney plus. 

all the magic we loved from the original movie and the sequels get an update and bring the story current in several ways. your whole family will enjoy the situations the claus family finds themselves navigating. and everyone will laugh!  
we were lucky to listen in when cast members, tim allen, elizabeth mitchell, and kal penn, along with director, jason winer, and producer, jack burditt, talked with press about the show and some special holiday memories! check it out below!




find out more about "the santa clauses" here:

the santa clauses



"the santa clauses" are coming to disney+! cast, crew and guests gathered for a holiday magic-filled premiere!
fans have been following scott calvin and his santa claus adventures for almost thirty years and the magic and fun continues when the first two episodes of "the santa clauses" premiere on disney+ on november 16!

cast members like tim allen (with his real-life daughter elizabeth allen-dick who is also in the series), kal penn, elizabeth mitchell, austin kane, matilda lawler, devin bright, rupali redd, celebrated with show creators and other crew members who brought this amazing and fun series to life. celebrity guests like raven symone posed with a gorgeous santa and mrs. claus who were on hand to add to the evening's festivities.   


click on the photo above for a ton of pics from this magical premiere!
be sure to add "the santa clauses" to your holiday viewing this special season!
for more on "the santa clauses," visit:
the santa clauses


we talk with carla jeffery and kylee russell of "zombies 3!"
fans can't get enough of the disney "zombies" franchise and we have more information to share! we loved chatting with cast members carla jeffery ("bree") and kylee russell ("elza!")

we know in the this third installment, aliens descend on seabrook high and bring new problems for our beloved gang.
watch our interview with carla and kylee to learn more about their characters and their favorite parts of "zombies 3!"




find out more about "zombies 3" here:

https://disneyplusoriginals.disney.com/movie/zombies-3


meet the new cast members of "zombies 3!"
fans have waited a long time for the third installment of the popular disney franchise "zombies" and it is finally here! "zombies 3" premieres on disney+ on july 15th!

in this fun film, aliens desecend on seabrook high and cause all sorts of trouble for the students there. are they really here for the right reasons? you'll have to watch the movie and find out!
we loved talking to new cast members matt cornett, terry hu and kyra tantao about their characters and joining the "zombies" family!



find out more about "zombies 3" here:

https://disneyplusoriginals.disney.com/movie/zombies-3


oldie but goodie! we flashback to our interview with some of the cast of "andi mack!"!


  


oldie but goodie! we flashback to our interview with booboo stewart!







want more news & goodies? just press the button!




about us|| privacy policy || terms of use || contact us 


 spotlight communications 2015
web site design by stacy phay




