






plastic storage containers | bin and wire shelving systems



















































javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








industrial / material handling
medical
food service







view industries ➜








industrial / material handling
medical
food service














quantum storage systems












✆ (800) 685-4665




distributors login or register








home

our products

bins, totes & containers
steel shelving systems
wire shelving solutions
millenia™ shelving


support

download center
assembly instructions
request a catalog
layout & design service
view our locations
dealer login



about us

what's new
who we are
blog



contact us

general inquiries
regional managers


request a quote
distributors
overstock









search








choose quantum storage systems for the largest selection of plastic bins and bin storage systems
quantum’s ironman brand of 22 gauge steel shelving offers 4 sizes of shelves and 2 post heights
quantum's genuine brand of chrome wire shelving and wire shelving systems offers a unique combination of shelves and posts
millenia™ shelving guaranties a premium storage option. the system combines easy clean and cost efficient technologies









quantum storage

quantum boasts the widest range of industrial plastic storage containers, and industrial bin shelving systems available. our systems offer efficient, cost effective and practical warehouse storage solutions for a variety of applications. today's fast paced and demanding industrial and warehouse marketplaces reward those who have solutions in place to ensure their company or personal workspace is organized. 


proper storage solutions are imperative to maintaining order as well as saving valuable time when needed parts or items need to be found.
quantum's durable heavy duty plastic bins are ideally suited for any application. these tough bins can assist in organizing industrial storage space for tools, hardware, and parts to offering a merchandising solution within a retail store. these rugged bins can also help clean up a cluttered playroom with color coded bins the range of uses are endless.
quantum manufactures and ships from stock: industrial stacking bins, hanging bins, nesting shelf bins, attached lid distribution containers, clear tip out bins, industrial and consumer tool boxes and organizers, giant hulk and magnum stacking bins, polymer and plastic carts, collapsible totes and bulk boxes, and tubs and lugs used within healthcare and foodservice markets. all bins sell with complementary metal systems that provide a visual and complete storage solution.
quantum's louvered panels and bench rack systems allow product to be raised off a floor or bench top surface. manufactured in gray or beige there are multiple sizes enabling a custom fit to your exact requirement. if free standing systems are desired, quantum manufactures single and double sided and mobile systems that are ideally suited for any industrial, office, or retail environment.
quantum's wire shelving line is amongst the largest offered. our chrome wire shelving offering boasts the most diverse shelf sizes and is stocked in multiple distribution centers strategically located throughout the united states. other finishes include epoxy, antimicrobial, endurance, proform, and stainless steel wire shelving. browsing the full wire category, you will find stacking display baskets, utility carts, security and linen carts, slanted and dunnage shelving units, and every accessory including casters, ledges, inlay mats, and labelling systems. along with our plastic range, quantum offers the entire wire selection at the guaranteed lowest prices.
our mission is to be your one stop source for heavy duty plastic bins, durable bin systems, plastic totes and plastic containers ( both consumer and industrial), and wire shelving systems. contact quantum storage systems today and revolutionize the way you organize.
great storage products, delivered quickly at the guaranteed lowest prices- quantum!


featured products


















new and available from quantum








 




 

quantum storage systems
(800) 685-4665



products

bins & systems
steel shelving
wire shelving
millenia™ shelving




company

what's new
about us
contact us
warehouse locations
blog




resources

download center
assembly instructions
request a catalog
request a quote
layout & design service
sitemap




distributors

login
credit app & registration
quick links
plastic bins






 















