







fruity loops - feeding the body, nourishing the soul




















































skip to content




	fruity loops	





toggle navigation




food culture
gourmet cooking
asian cuisine
recipes

cook like a professional
are you a ninja in the kitchen?
turkey for the thanksgiving day


contact us
 















food culture and art of cooking
feeding the body, nourishing the soul
using a metaphor we could say the gastronomic traditions of a country are the dna of its culture and heritage, stratified over the centuries. in fact, one cannot talk about food without paying attention to all its cultural aspects: the origin of the dishes, their name, the meaning of gestures and the customs that revolve around the table are no less important than the ingredients and stages of preparation of a dish. food is the most instinctive cultural form that exists, it is both a necessity of life and an artistic language that unites men of all races and religions. a constant in human history, capable of permeating any form of expression: visual, literary, musical, cinematographic.

the culinary revolution
it is precisely technological progress that allow us to continue to change the kitchen and our way of eating. the culinary revolution over the centuries allows us, through travel and migration, to spread our flavors and acquire new tastes. for example, corn from the americas and rice from asia arrived in europe. over time, new traditions, regional cuisines and food processing techniques have formed. the kitchen became an art more and more articulated in its many facets, but always rich in symbolic and cultural meanings.

food culture
we have transformed a primary need into a pleasure, into a convivial moment, we have elevated it to art. food culture can be used as a metaphor for human civilization. we can appreciate our history through a brilliant evolutionary path that started thousands of years ago. and it all started with a man who one day decided to try using fire for cooking.
is cooking an art form or is art expressed in the kitchen?
the question may not matter, the essential is the answer and, in any case, the combination of cuisine and art. both are an expression of the most creative part of human emotion, which takes the form of a harmonious and aesthetically "beautiful" elaborate which, in the case of the kitchen, is also accompanied by "good".
in searching of the perfect combination
when cooking is an art, it transcends its biological function of providing simple nourishment. of course, this remains its intimate reason for being, but the reasons that the gastronomic elaboration contains are quite different and relate more to the dimension of taste, of the search for the perfect combination of symbiosis between different ingredients.
like the artist, the chef, or the cook combines different materials of nature to give shape and substance that stimulate, through the senses of taste, our dimension, spiritual, evocative, experiential.

traditionalist or futurist cuisine
it doesn’t matter! what matters is that in both cases there is a deep bond with the culture of which the creator, from time to time, is the spokesperson. more often the voice of tradition is combined with innovative cooking techniques, which modify the genetic code of a dish, enhancing its best characteristics and, evolutionarily speaking, allow it to survive on the table of the next generations.
like great artists, you can have an innate talent in the kitchen. but talent without the right technique rarely finds a way to express itself and, since what is cooked continues to have the primary function of nourishing the human body, having a good theoretical and technical basis is essential for knowing how to cook "well".
latest recipes from our blog









cook a turkey for the thanksgiving day


thanksgiving is undoubtedly one of the most important traditions celebrated in america. you may have seen it on television or in movies. but what is it really or why is it celebrated on this date? thanksgiving or thanksgiving day is a traditional holiday of the united states that is celebrated every year on the fourth […]

view more









 


are you a ninja in the kitchen?


asia has one of the most interesting cultures in the entire world. from its architecture, to its customs, its language and, of course, the asian gastronomy. asian culture is very rich in nuances and quite different from the western world. china, japan and thailand are the three countries best known for their culinary proposals. although, […]

view more













cook like a professional


for the lovers of cooking and trying different recipes, here are some from the professionalists. you can add some ingredients by your taste, but if you want a proven recipe, check this three. rice, anchovies, lemon, cocoa ingredients for 4 people: 240 grams of carnaroli rice 50 grams of pure cocoa mass 1 pinch of […]

view more








express yourself with cooking
we all live in a globalized world, where is easy to find different food types, what to eat and what to avoid, what are the different manners of cooking, new culinary tendencies, gourmet food, asian food, french food, italian cuisine, fusion kitchen, healthy food, junk food, all kind of diets, vegan and meat recipes – it is all about how you express yourself in the fascinating world of cooking and eating.
soon the best family holiday awaits us. it’s time to think about the festive table – our favorite christmas recipes to feed our bodies and souls.
above all, it means loving food and being aware of its social, cultural and artistic function.












fruity loops copyright © 2025 |  privacy policy













