










96.5 wklh - milwaukee's hometown rock 96.5



















































































listen live



search




facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
email
sms
tunein
iphone

android















































home
media

listen live
tunein app
daily dog
photos
podcast central


wklh mornings

mornings home
podcast central
host a workforce tour


afternoons

craig carson


on air

wklh mornings
sean lynch
craig carson
joel
schedule


contests

contests & rules


store

cream city cravings


concerts/events

concerts
events calendar
community


news

sports
lifestyle
local
national
entertainment
weather


about

contact us
advertise
focus on milwaukee
workforce memo
text club
facebook
twitter
youtube
tiktok
cream city cravings
salute the troops
jobs
internships


 



 
















 enter to win!  



 apply to win jon anderson tickets! 



 submit your story! 



 on sale now!  



 on sale friday at 8am! 













christine kruchlenoffice manager









 next on air

coming up...

what did dorene "discover" next?


newest podcasts

dorene discovers a pretzel recipe (2/18/25)
dave is learning guitar (2/18/25)
your collections (2/18/25)
in case you missed it

summerfest (2/12/25)
 





events    joe bonamassa wednesday, february 19 at the riverside theater. 
     h-d factory outlet sale don’t miss the first h-d® factory outlet sale of the year to shop unbeatable deals on harley-davidson merchandise and gear* in the garage.
     flat out friday friday, february 21st at fiserv forum
 lifestyle

6 days ago
                    in lifestyle
nearly everyone in the world breathes bad air. this is what you can do to lower your risk



everyone loves a breath of fresh air. unfortunately, too often our air is anything but fresh.


7 days ago
                    in lifestyle
looking for love this valentine’s day? don’t fall for instagram romance scams



facebook and instagram parent company meta platforms is urging users to stay vigilant about " romance scams " ahead of valentine's day, warning of unsolicited messages through its apps and other social media platforms, as well as general text messages.


1 week ago
                    in lifestyle
4 financial tasks you shouldn’t put off



you've probably got one or two financial jobs on your to-do list that you were too busy to get to or perceived as boring administrative work. here are some tasks that a) frequently fall by the wayside and b) don't take a lot of time to rectify.

sports

1 day ago
                    in sports
angels star mike trout moving from center to right field in hopes of staying more healthy



los angeles angels oft-injured star mike trout is moving from center to right field in hopes of better preserving his health.


2 days ago
                    in sports
william byron avoids late wrecks to win 2nd straight daytona 500 for hendrick motorsports



william byron fortuitously missed the ferocious wrecks down the stretch at the daytona 500 that knocked out contenders racing for the checkered flag and left him with a repeat victory in sight.


2 days ago
                    in sports
stephen curry captures mvp honors in all-star game at home, leads shaq’s ogs to victory



the final pregame introduction belonged to none other than stephen curry. the big mvp trophy at the end, curry heaved that up into the air, too, in a fitting finish to his all-star game at home.

national

2 days ago
                    in national
‘life-threatening cold’ expected as polar vortex stretches across u.s. after deadly weekend flooding



harsh weather moved west on monday as a polar vortex was expected to grip the rockies and the northern plains after winter storms pummeled the eastern u.s. over the weekend, killing at least 10 people, including nine victims in kentucky who died during flooding from heavy rains.


5 days ago
                    in national
vaccine skeptic robert f. kennedy jr. is sworn in as trump’s health chief after a close senate vote



robert f. kennedy jr. was sworn in thursday as president donald trump's health secretary after a close senate vote, putting the prominent vaccine skeptic in control of $1.7 trillion in federal spending, vaccine recommendations and food safety as well as health insurance programs for roughly half the country.


6 days ago
                    in national
us eggs prices hit a record high of $4.95 and are likely to keep climbing



egg prices hit a record high as the u.s. contends with an ongoing bird flu outbreak, but consumers didn't need government figures released wednesday to tell them eggs are terribly expensive and hard to find at times because of an ongoing.


7 days ago
                    in national
snow and freezing rain cause crashes in virginia while california prepares for likely flooding



heavy snow and freezing rain caused hundreds of crashes in virginia and left tens of thousands of residents in the dark as the central appalachians and parts of the mid-atlantic states braced for heavy rains on wednesday. meanwhile, california readied for a storm that could flood areas ravaged by the recent wildfires.

 

'klh artist profile‘klh artist profile: blue oyster culttoday in rock history




high voltage
2/17/1975 – ac/dc released their debut album ‘high voltage’. the album featured a cover of ‘baby, please don’t go’ a blues song first recorded by big joe williams and ‘she’s got balls’ which was written about singer bon scott’s ex-wife irene – the first ac/dc song for which he wrote lyrics.

 top stories from wisnsearch efforts continue for missing waukesha county teentwo state superintendent candidates advance to april general election4-year-old killed in shooting monday nightnews

1 day ago
                    in entertainment
nascar hall of famer jeff gordon ready to partner with tom cruise on ‘days of thunder’ sequel



help him, tom cruise! nascar hall of famer jeff gordon wants a "days of thunder" sequel and said at daytona international speedway that he's been in touch with the hollywood actor about making the project come to life.


1 day ago
                    in entertainment, music
shakira resumes world tour with concert in lima after canceling show due to illness



colombian superstar shakira said monday that she will resume her world tour and perform in lima, peru, on monday evening, following the cancellation of a concert over the weekend due to a stomach illness.


2 days ago
                    in entertainment, trending
‘saturday night live’ celebrates 50 years with comedy, music and show’s many, many famous friends



paul simon and sabrina carpenter duetted on simon's "homeward bound" to open the show, five-decade "saturday night live" luminary steve martin delivered the monologue, and paul mccartney gave an epic closing to a 50th anniversary special celebrating the sketch institution that was overflowing with famous former cast members, superstar hosts and legendary guests.


2 days ago
                    in entertainment
‘captain america: brave new world’ soars toward a $100 million holiday weekend



"captain america: brave new world" infused some blockbuster cash into the north american box office, bringing in $88.5 million in ticket sales over the weekend, according to studio estimates sunday.


5 days ago
                    in entertainment
a$ap rocky trial brings clashing closing arguments over gun as rihanna brings tiny sons to court



with rihanna and two toddlers looking on from the audience, a prosecutor at the trial of a$ap rocky told jurors during his closing argument thursday that they have "one critical question" to answer.

 

now playing
 


klh's daily dog



what's on 'klh?

submit a dairyland dumbass!



here at milwaukee’s hometown morning show, we can’t get enough dairyland dumbasses. they’re all around us!


download the new classic rock 96.5 wklh app!



take milwaukee’s classic rock 96.5 wklh with you wherever you go. download the free klh app to your mobile device […]


get members-only benefits!



subscribe to the  ‘klh workforce memo – our weekly enewsletter packed with exclusive opportunities to win concert tickets, ‘secret’ contests, updates, info, and more.


hire me mke



looking for a job around the milwaukee area? check out some opening…


salute to our first responders



join us in supporting first responders and their commitment to making our community safe. hear some important messages…


salute the troops



join us, along with ewald automotive group in showing your appreciation for troops past and present…

like us on facebook!


































96.5 wklh copyright 2025 saga communications,
                        inc. all rights reserved.
                    
eeo
                            report | fcc public file  | fcc applications
                            for assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelp@mkeradiogrp.com 

privacy policy | terms of use |
                        data access request | contests &
                            rules
non-discriminatory advertising letter |
                        advisory public notice - non-discriminatory ad contracts
                    
some images copyright ap, clipart.com































 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website
















































