









the valley community association, buffalo ny
















































donate

followfollowfollow















about us

our history
our leadership
funders and partners
volunteer opportunities


services & programs

valley child care
family support services
senior services
youth services
the riverline field guide


parks

buffalo river fest park & tewksbury lodge
mutual riverfront park
waterfront memories & more


news
calendar
employment
donate












 

















































welcome to the valley community association!

located in the city of buffalo’s historic valley neighborhood, the vca encourages involvement through volunteerism. as helen keller said: “alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.” 
the vca recognizes that community participation is key to continuing to make our community thrive. we value your time and input.  
we also collaborate with community partners and developed working relationships with local businesses and block clubs to help further our mission of enhancing the quality of life for the residents of the buffalo river community by meeting individual and family needs and promoting environmental beautification and stewardship.






















26
february
2025
open gym 3/26/25 6-8 pmopen gym for kids in grades k-8.  a signed child and parent/guardian registration form and waiver is needed and can be obtained at the door.
find out more

the valley community center,
93 leddy street

buffalo,
ny
14210
united states

+ google map










about us
learn more about the vca, our history, our leadership, funders and partners, and volunteer opportunities.








services & programs
explore our services and programs, including valley child care, family support services, youth services, and our senior citizens program.








parks
the vca is involved in neighborhood beautification and operates buffalo river fest park, mutual riverfront park, tewksbury lodge, and the waterfront memories & more museum.









latest news from the vca




old neighborhood st. patrick’s day fundraiser & parade

feb 12, 2025this year's parade fundraiser will be held on friday, march 7, 2025 from 6-10 pm at the valley community association, 93 leddy street, buffalo, ny  14210.  admission is $20.  the grand marshall and memorial honorees will be announced. the parade will be held on...




open gym 2/12/25 6-8 pm

feb 12, 2025for grades k-8th grade.  registration form and waiver must be signed by parent or guardian.






donate

if you would like to make a contribution to the vca’s efforts, please consider dontating today!

make a donation



 










contact the vca

93 leddy street, buffalo ny
phone: (716) 823-4707fax: (716) 827-2632e-mail: info@thevalleycenter.com

followfollowfollow











© 2025 the valley community association, inc. / powered by future buffalo



 






































