




































schizophrenia society of saskatchewan










 menu 



about us
contact



donate now

donate by phone or mail

legacy/planned giving




volunteer





about uscontact





donate nowvolunteer










programs and support

family support groupfamily recovery journeyyour recovery journey with wrapsaskatoon recreation groupsupport groupspeer supportmeet the resident psychiatrist 

partnership program

what is the partnership program?who do i contact to book a presentation?become a speaker with the partnership programa note of thanks 

resources

online resources 

faq's

















 programs and supportfamily support groupfamily recovery journeyyour recovery journey with wrapsaskatoon recreation groupsupport groupspeer supportmeet the resident psychiatrist

 partnership programwhat is the partnership program?who do i contact to book a presentation?become a speaker with the partnership programa note of thanks

 resourcesonline resources

 faq’s












donate

donate by phone or mail

monthly donors - iris club

legacy/planned giving






about uscontactdonate nowvolunteer




programs & support

family support groupfamily recovery journeyyour recovery journey with wrapsaskatoon recreation groupsupport groupspeer supportmeet the resident psychiatrist 

partnership program

what is the partnership program?who do i contact to book a presentation?become a speaker with the partnership programa note of thanks 

resources

online resources 

faq’s









purchase today!learn more


stigma bustersbook your partnership program presentation today!learn more


there is hope. together we can find the means to cope.if you, a family member, or a friend has a mental illness we are here to help.learn more


family support grouplearn more


online programmingwe offer live and digital programming, available across the province! learn more





the society
the schizophrenia society of saskatchewan (sss) is a non-profit organization founded in 1982 by families and friends of people with schizophrenia. we are here to improve the quality of life for those affected by schizophrenia and psychosis through education, support programs, public policy and research.



 
 

our services







if you or someone you know is diagnosed with schizophrenia or psychosis, the schizophrenia society of saskatchewan has a variety of different support and program options for you throughout the province.


programs & support









help us breakdown the stigma around schizophrenia and mental illness. our one-hour, evidence based anti-stigma, public awareness presentations help others understand that there is hope and a means to cope.


partnership program









we provide information and guidance from within our organization to direct you to the resources that you need. if we don’t have what you need, we can help you find it.


mental health resources












news
posted on dec 03, 2024welcome to our winter resident psychiatristsee moreposted on nov 27, 2024latest newsletter - winter 2024see moreposted on sep 18, 2024welcome to our fall resident psychiatristsee moreposted on sep 12, 2024donate and vote for your favourite singing with the stars contestants! see moreposted on aug 16, 2024latest newsletter - fall 2024see more view more news




events
mar 15, 2025champions for mental health fundraisersee moremar 11, 2025family support groupsee morefeb 19, 2025 - mar 19, 2025family recovery journey with heidi.see morefeb 11, 2025family support groupsee morefeb 05, 2025uofs partnership program presentationsee more view more events





 


schizophrenia society of saskatchewan inc.








 





these groups have made a difference
these companies have helped us to improve the quality of life for those affected by schizophrenia, psychosis, and related mental illness through education, support programs, public policy and research.































all rights reserved. click here to view our privacy policy
website designed and hosted by melcher studios.
								





connect with us on social media

all rights reserved.


contact ustoll free: 1-877-584-2620regina office: 1-306-584-2620saskatoon office: 1-306-374-2224reception: info@schizophrenia.sk.caaddress: 1311 saskatchewan driveregina, sk s4p 0c9
							mailing address: box 305 station main, regina, saskatchewan - s4p 3a1
						
















