























archive news from the bournemouth echo



































































newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



more









newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



















                    subscribe
                


digital edition puzzles



























close



stay ahead with a digital subscription
subscribe



breaking news alerts
crime news
nostalgia





search











news




districts


education


air festival


crime and court


public notices


features









sport




cherries


speedway


boxing


non-league


cricket


rugby


youth sport


more sport









cherries









business




news


newsletter









photos




galleries


buy photos


send your pictures


first class


dorset views









your say




ask the echo


send a letter


letters to the editor


letters page pictures









what's on




local events


music


reviews


food and drink


film club


theatre


travel


tech


beaches


showbiz









dorset living









announcements




acknowledgements


death notices


in memoriam


public notices


other announcements


bereavement guide













                        subscribe
                    

digital edition puzzles

newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



 





news


sport


cherries


business


photos


your say


what's on


dorset living


announcements






























        archive
        






            filters

            





or search by keyword




            display search results
        




18th february 2025











date
david essex hinted at a farewell during emotional bic performance
the air crackled with a unique mix of excitement and wistful anticipation on november 28th, 2003, at the bournemouth international centre (bic) on november 28, 2003.


  fans, many of whom had followed david essex since his meteoric rise in the 1970s










date
calls to regulate mobile phones in bcp schools
calls have been made for stronger smartphone policies in schools with the aim of protecting children. 


  green councillor joe salmon is urging bcp council to support the protection of children (digital safety and data protection) bill - commonly










date
ww2 bunkers have new defences to protect rare bats
new defences have been added to fort henry and three other world war two bunkers in studland – not to safeguard the shoreline, but to protect the rare bats that roost there. 


  metal grilles have been added to the historic structures to prevent people










date
plans to make part of westover road feel more “cosmopolitan”
plans are in place to extend the outdoor seating area of a restaurant in bournemouth town centre. 


  steakhouse funki griller is looking to install a pergola and extra tables and chairs outside its westover road restaurant. 


  documents submitted










date
man arrested after 'knife incident' over weekend
a man has now been arrested after somebody was “making threats with a knife” in poole. 


  dorset police received a report at 12.23pm on saturday, february 15 of a man making threats in kitchener crescent in poole.   


  police said it was reported










date
temporary lights in place for 11 weeks on high street
temporary traffic lights will be installed for around 11 weeks while “crucial” gas work is carried out in a high street. 


  disruption to traffic is expected in swanage when sgn install the lights in high street between jubilee road and days road










date
teen knocked man unconscious with laughing gas cannister
a teenager knocked a man unconscious with a gas cannister after he and his friends were advised to stop inhaling laughing gas.


  zack hinisli, now aged 20-years-old, reportedly celebrated the attack after leaving the man unconscious on the ground










date
in the dock: man beat emergency workers and damaged vehicles
the following cases were heard at poole magistrates' court:


  perre whewell, 33 and of streatham common in london, admitted to three counts of theft from a shop, namely £44 of items from co-op in bournemouth on march 12, £106 from the same store










date
watch: moment that thieves stole cash raised for charity from takeaway till
watch the moment that thieves entered a bournemouth kebab shop and stole money from the till that was raised for charity.


  cctv footage captured two thieves entering bunny’s kebab in commercial road in bournemouth on tuesday, february 11.


  the










date
hamworthy pick up impressive win at third-placed alresford
hamworthy united picked up an excellent victory on the road at third-placed alresford town as the hammers continue to push to achieve a playoff spot.


  new signing jamie ross was handed his first start, as jake streams also came in from the beginning










date
‘i've never felt pain like this’: dog owner devastated after cremation blunder
a dog owner said she is ‘absolutely appalled’ after her dog was wrongly cremated following a veterinary ‘admin error.’


  caroline dewson’s dog, sandy, passed away on january 25 while being cared for at medivets at north road in poole.


  she had










date
'find mindless vandals who killed fish with paint'
what a sad thing to witness the killing of the fish in the gardens pond at knyveton gardens.


  the friends of the gardens have worked so hard to make the whole area clean & tidy so locals have somewhere pleasant to relax in the coming spring and










date
'the proliferating peril of a boards'
susan stockwell hit on a very major point that has exasperated me for decades.....the proliferating peril of a boards (letters february 17).


  they are allowed on the curtilage of a commercial premises but not 'at a distance' and all councils have










date
black mould-infested family home makes child seriously ill
a single mother says a widespread black mould infestation has made her flat ‘unfit for human habitation’ and has left her seven-year-old son now severely ill.


  demi randall lives in a flat at dorset road, christchurch managed by sovereign housing










date
cup final to be 'east christchurch derby': bournemouth league round up
m.a. hart cup competitions


  the mark hart sunday senior cup final will be an “east christchurch derby” after east christchurch ssc emerged 3-0 winners from their semi final with kraken sports thanks to second half goals from tino maher, levi ridealgh










date
ouattara's goal a 'lovely finish' and battle with bednarek key in saints win
andoni iraola praised dango ouattara for his goal against southampton and said his battle against jan bednarek was vital in the victory at saints.


  ouattara opened the scoring for the cherries at st mary’s stadium, as he drifted between the two










date
'we see what's at stake, but we can't get ahead of ourselves': tavernier
marcus tavernier praised his teammates after the cherries moved to fifth in the premier league with their win over southampton, but stressed they are not getting ahead of themselves with their standing.


  the englishman came off the bench to score










date
'it's very good news for the team': iraola on return of scott and sinisterra
andoni iraola was pleased to welcome alex scott and luis sinisterra back into the cherries fold as both returned from injury on saturday at southampton.


  scott replaced justin kluivert after 77 minutes and looked good, contributing to the move that










date
£3.9m boost to playgrounds previously 'starved' of investment
children and parents across bcp are set to benefit from a £3.9 million investment in playground repairs.


  more than 100 play areas will receive much-needed improvements over the coming months, including a new seesaw in littledown, a replacement















contact us
manage consent
announcements
leap
cookie policy
terms & conditions
contributor terms
newsquest printing
advertise
newsletters
reader rewards
site map
exchange and mart
terms of advertising
privacy policy
diversity statement
photo sales
our publications
archive
add your event for free


follow us


                    @bournemouthecho
                


                    @bmthechosport
                


                    bournemouth daily echo
                




                this website and associated newspapers adhere to the independent press standards organisation's
    editors' code of practice. if you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    if you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact ipso here


© 2001-2025.  newsquest media group ltd, 1st floor, chartist tower, upper dock street, newport, wales, np20 1dw  | 01676637 |
            











modal headline





close


automatically injected html goes here



    submit



    cancel







deactivate
piano meter debugger
data returned from the piano 'meteractive/meterexpired' callback event.















as a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
these adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.

it is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.


close




































