




stop the thyroid madness™ - hypothyroidism and thyroid mistreatment




















skip to main content


 



toggle navigation







lab work 

common questions & answers
recommended labwork
saliva cortisol test
tsh – why it’s useless
interpreting lab results
reverse t3
pooling – what it means


thyroid meds 

t4-only meds – why they don’t work!
natural desiccated thyroid 101 (ndt) and this info can apply to taking t4 with t3.
ndt or t3 doesn’t work for me!
desiccated thyroid – history
options for thyroid treatment
thyroid med ingredients
t3-only to ndt; ndt to t3


adrenals 

this one: how stressed adrenals can wreak havoc
saliva cortisol test
symptoms of stressed adrenals
patient adrenal wisdom
supplements/meds which affect adrenals
high cortisol
aldosterone


conditions 

hashimoto’s
thyroiditis
help! my thyroid is enlarged!
10 gut health questions
thyroid cancer


doctors 

how to find a good doc
doctors need to rethink
doctors hall of shame
doctors wall of fame
dear doctor…


resources 

the gray areas of patient experiences
b12
iron
take your temp!
thyroid, depression, mental health
blood pressure & hypothyroidism
hypopituitary
vegetarian
constipation
a-fib
cfs / me – it may be related!
fibromyalgia—it’s may be related!
stomach acid—the why and the what
janie’s favorite products


site map
use terms 

disclaimer
conditions of use


 


search for:










home 


    your hypothyroidism, hashimoto’s and thyroid treatment resource  








welcome to the informational mothership website of reported patient-to-patient experiences, observations, and wisdom gained worldwide! thyroid patients report changed lives. all the latter reported experiences and observations have been listened to, talked about, and compiled since 2002 to the present day and time as information. i hope you find this informational site to be a great resource for your journey back to optimal health, plus always used with an open-minded medical professional. seize the wisdom!
-- janie a. bowthorpe, m.ed., thyroid patient



 






did you know that the tsh lab test can look “normal”, yet you can be very hypothyroid? the tsh lab test fails us in other ways.
read more...







that once-a day t4 thyroid pill has wreaked havoc, many patients report.
read more...







natural desiccated thyroid or synthetic t3 with t4, or t3 alone, changes lives and has a long history of success.
read more...







adrenal problems are rampant due to being undiagnosed, tsh-dosed, t4-only, say patients. t3 can reveal it.
read more...







lab work: thyroid patients have learned what is really useful vs what is not.
read more...







want to talk to others who understand? need feedback about your issues?
read more...

 





listen to janie talk about:

have you been told you are "normal", but you have continuing symptoms?? listen here
why the tsh lab test may be the worst way to diagnose or treat by... listen here
how t4-only meds like synthroid etc may not help you enough... listen here
what is natural desiccated thyroid (ndt) about? and t3 in your treatment is important, too.  listen here
have you had problems with desiccated thyroid or t3? listen here

 




 


are you suffering from hypothyroidism or hashimoto’s? do you use t4-only meds? are you treated based on the tsh lab test? you’re at the right website to learn what patients are reporting in their journey to being well again. remember: this does not replace your relationship with your doctor.





search for:












laughing grape publishing books

the updated revision of "stop the thyroid madness: a patient revolution against decades of inferior treatment"
"sttm ii"--each chapter contributed by a doctor
"hashimoto's: taming the beast"

order here!
 

story and supportmy story
janie’s favorite products
conditions of use
disclaimer
terms & conditions
privacy policy
contact me
site map
 

 

latest from janie's blog
janie bowthorpe is back, but this will be the only blog post you can respond to, as i am taking a break from constant blogging….

		  	hello my thyroid friends. i am updating this in 2025. i ended regular blog posts in 2022 after the physical passing of someone dear to me. and that loss underscored that i need to have an important break from what…		
 read more about janie bowthorpe is back, but this will be the only blog post you can respond to, as i am taking a break from constant blogging….


 

copyright © 2005 - 2025 stop the thyroid madness™ llc. all rights reserved.









