



springfield technical community college | home | stcc






























javascript must be enabled for the correct page display



customer service chat




skip to content







search




search site:


search






menu




opener

explore
programs & classes



credit
degrees & certificates
register for classes
class schedules
course descriptions
flex terms
honors program
online learning
challenge exams
transfer options


non-credit
springfield adult learning center (salc)
hiset/ged exams
testing & placement
workforce development center


more programs
stem starter academy
early college
college now dual enrollment
gateway to college
summer youth programs




opener

apply
to stcc



admissions policies
information sessions




opener

pay for
college



financial aid
college costs
scholarships & awards
free college




opener

student
resources


student support quick links


academic
tutoring
registrar's office
request a transcript
academic advising
transfer services
library
inter-college access
tech support


support
career services
child care
disability services
domestic violence resources
leadership/mentoring
student affairs
student policies
trio services
veterans/service members


wellness
center for access services
covid-19 information
health compliance
health & wellness center
medical re-entry process
mental health support and resources




opener

campus
life



arts and culture
athletics
bookstore
campus safety
inclusion & belonging
fitness center


food services
housing
parking and transportation
student activities & clubs
wtcc 90.7 fm




opener

about
stcc



accreditation
board of trustees
shared governance
campus map & directions
community engagement
contact information/ directories


employment
hispanic serving institution
history of the college
institutional research
marketing & communications


president's message
publications
public records
purchasing/bids
strategic planning
student consumer information









etools


stcc account/getting startedpassword manager

emailblackboardaries (self-service)stccnet portaltech tutorials



library

visit


visit stccvirtual tourcampus map and directionssmoke-free campus




news


stcc newsmedia coveragecampus blogstcc aroundstudent news




calendar


academic calendarfinal exam scheduleevents calendarcommencement



alumni

give


donate nowstcc foundationram warrior societypast campaigns



translate



























supporting students. transforming lives.






||
▶







career advising


explore, plan, and jump-start your career




transfer your stcc degree


400+ bachelor's degree options




workforce development


classes that prepare for employment




¡bienvenido a stcc!


we're a hispanic serving institution








news & events








news release





press release
february 17

stcc school of stem to host mental wellness coach for stress-reduction events

see all news releases








enrollment event




enrollment event
february 19

occupational therapy assistant program info session

see all enrollment events









campus event




campus event
february 19

scholarship bootcamp - part 2

see all campus events












admissions info sessions are a great way for prospective and incoming students to learn more about specific facets of life at stcc. please join us!

register for an info session






 stcc is committed to accessibility and inclusion, ensuring that all are able to access college programs, activities, and events.
prospective students or current students, who need accommodations, should contact the office of disability services at 755-4785 or via email at disability_services@stcc.edu at least two weeks in advance.
members of the general public or employees who need accommodations should contact kathryn c. senie, director of compliance, affirmative action officer/title ix coordinator, and ada coordinator at (413) 755-5642 or kcsenie@stcc.edu at least two weeks in advance.
visitors: stcc welcomes thousands of visitors to our campus each year. whether you are a prospective student (or a friend or family member) or here to attend a meeting, conference, the amy h. carberry fine arts gallery, or an event at scibelli hall theater, we hope to make your visit as enjoyable as possible. if you anticipate needing a reasonable accommodation for an event, please contact the event sponsor in advance of your visit.
stcc adheres to section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, the americans with disabilities act (ada) of 1990, and the americans with disabilities act amendments act (adaaa) of 2008 which states that "no qualified individual with a disability shall, solely on the basis of their disability, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or otherwise be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity in higher education."










website disclaimer
springfield technical community college provides the information herein as a public service, with the understanding that springfield technical community college strives to achieve the highest standards in content accuracy on its website. springfield technical community college makes no warranties, either expressed or implied, concerning the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or suitability of the information and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this website. errors or omissions should be reported to the web developer: webmaster@stcc.edu. visitors to our web pages might see links to internet resources outside of the springfield technical community college website: all are provided solely for the convenience of our website visitors. by providing such links, springfield technical community college should not be considered as endorsing any or all outside sites linked from our main site. when a visitor links to another site that is not an official springfield technical community college website, the user is no longer on a springfield technical community college website and thus, springfield technical community college disclaims any responsibility or liability for the services or information offered at such non-college sites. at all times, springfield technical community college makes every effort to accurately present programs and policies to the public. those responsible for preparation of the catalog, the class schedule, and all other public announcements make every effort to ensure that the information presented is current and correct. however, springfield technical community college reserves the right to modify or eliminate courses or programs and to add, amend, or repeal any and all rules, regulations, policies, and procedures at any time. springfield technical community college assumes no responsibility for publication errors beyond its control. all users of the college's website shall have no expectation of privacy over such use.











										one armory square, springfield, ma 01105(413) 781-7822
                                           
									


.



contact
employment

 disclaimer
sitemap


campus map & directions
affirmative action & title ix
student consumer information
accessibility







facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram













