



planet sun















skip to content 




search for:



 


planet sun

the future is bright
 




menu 
home
archiv
testit
contact
disatest zwo
 








the hubble space telescope celebrates its 30th birthday 
april 27, 2020 by admin 







for 30 years, the space telescope hubble has provided the most impressive images from the vast wide space. the telescope was developed by the us space agency nasa and its european counterpart esa. hubble started its journey into space on 24 april 1990. with the help of the space shuttle “discovery” it was lifted into … read more


categories outer space, uncategorized 





first image of a black hole – event horizon 
april 26, 2019 by admin 







the event horizon telescope (eht) — a planet-scale array of 8 ground-based radio telescopes and part of an international collaboration — captured the first image of a black hole. on april 10th 2019, eht researchers disclosed the first direct visual evidence of a supermassive black hole in the heart of the galaxy messier 87.


categories uncategorized 





5 budget-friendly telescopes you can choose for viewing planets 
november 22, 2018november 4, 2018 by admin 


socrates couldn’t have been more right when he said: “i know one thing, that i know nothing.” even with all of the advancements we, as a species, have made in this world, it’s still nothing compared to countless of wonders waiting to be discovered in the vast universe.
if you’ve recently developed an interest in astronomy and stargazing but don’t know whether you are serious enough to actually pursue such an endeavor, the best thing for you to do is get an affordable telescope and try to peer into the vast cosmos yourself to find out whether this is actually something you would want to do in the long-run.
read more


categories uncategorized 





annular solar eclipse on sunday, may 20th 2012 
april 22, 2019may 20, 2012 by admin 


on sunday, may 20th 2012, people in a narrow strip from japan to the western united states will be able to see an annular solar eclipse, the first in 18 years. the moon will cover as much as 94% of the sun. an annular solar eclipse is different from a total solar eclipse, when the moon covers the entire sun.  
read more


categories uncategorized 





the story behind planet sun 
may 13, 2011may 13, 2011 by admin 


some words about history of planet sun. for round about six years planet sun has been an aggregation of public weblogs written by employees of sun microsystems. though it never was a product or publication of sun microsystems itself. the website was powered by planet and run by david edmondson. on 01 mar 2010 david … read more


categories uncategorized 




older posts

page1
page2
next → 





recent posts


the hubble space telescope celebrates its 30th birthday


first image of a black hole – event horizon


5 budget-friendly telescopes you can choose for viewing planets


annular solar eclipse on sunday, may 20th 2012


the story behind planet sun


categories

outer space

uncategorized


 








the sun for squillion of years the sun has been supplier of solar and thermal energy.
 

our planet save our planet. building a peaceful and sustainable world.
 

our environment energy resources are fast depleting, we should work towards their conservation.
 






© 2025 planet sun • built with generatepress 









