










home - lake wales area chamber of commerce and edc






















































 
 

















skip to content










join today













facebook icon





instagram icon








































menu 
members member directory economic partners member benefits member 2 member deals member map member loginabout us about us board of directors lake wales area foundation info request contact usexplore dining shopping lodging entertainment real estate lake wales area schools charter private public colleges & universities city of lake waleseconomic development lake wales, florida incentives demographics central fl development council lake wales commerce & technology park lake wales main streetwhat’s new job postings hot deals news releasesevents chamber events community calendar


























 






















who we are
working together to create a new economic development plan to guide development efforts, the city of lake wales and the lake wales area chamber of commerce have pulled together community business executives and other leaders to form a new lake wales area economic development  council.
lake wales is at the center of it all and expects a bright future with significant new development.







about us

























 





















directory








find a member

find great businesses in our area who are working to provide goods and services to make our economy strong!







directory search














join








become a member

grow your business while contributing to the success and prosperity of the regional business community we all share.
click here to download 2025 member investment package







join today














events








find an event

connect at a networking event. grow your business with our dynamic educational opportunities.







events calendar














events








2024 chamber guide & map
 
view full chamer guide and area map of lake wales.







business guide









area map




























news & events




















news releases














view all news




















new members














m2m discounts




















upcoming events















view all events



















thank you to our president circle investors

















                                adventhealth                            














                                bti                            














                                center state development, llc                            














                                cbt                            














                                duke energy                            













                                florida's natural growers                            












                                lake wales chrysler dodge jeep ram                             













                                oakley transport                            














                                polk state                            














                                southstate bank                            






















get ready now for our 2025 gala at the

an elegant farmhouse style wedding venue
the sugar barn sits on a 45-acre ranch along with its spring-fed pond, ceremony grove and bachelors cottage, complimented by beautiful lighted, open spaces. inside the barn you will find our grand hall and oversized bridal ''sweet''. along the south side of the venue, you will see a field of sugar cane, hence the name “the sugar barn.”















 












© 2025 lake wales area chamber of commerce and edc
 | 
site by growthzone













ready to join?
apply online and let us help you grow your business!





apply today























phone




(863) 676-3445 










location




340 w. central ave., lake wales, fl 33853 










email




email us 













facebook





instagram























 © 2025 lake wales area chamber of commerce and edc.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top














