

 







department of geology and geography at west virginia university
























 




skip to main content






west virginia university 

			  eberly college of arts & sciences
			

department of
geology and geography





visit wvu
request info
apply now















open menu


home

about
about the department
welcome from the leadership
facilities
contact and directions
visiting committee
job openings
quick facts



undergraduate
undergraduate overview
ba in sustainability studies
bs in earth & environmental science
minors
advising & faqs
courses by semester
field camp
scholarships
internships & research
student organizations
jobs & career



graduate
graduate overview

geology program
prospective students
ms in geology
phd in geology
admission requirements
prospective student funding



geography program
prospective students
ma in geography
phd in geography
ms in gis and spatial analysis
gis certificate
admission requirements
prospective student funding


forms and resources



research
research mission
research areas
interdisciplinary collaborations
industry partnerships
service and outreach



our people
faculty and staff directory
student spotlights
emeritus & in memoriam


news & events
ways to give




toggle search


 










search











search





                      would you like to search this site specifically, or all wvu websites?
                    


search this site



search wvu



















              
              explore sustainability, the environment and earth sciences
            

around the globe and in our backyard, you will study natural and human systems,
    learn analytical skills, apply experience in the field and meet professionals
    from one of the fastest-growing career sectors worldwide.

meet our students
    


photo: agricultural land meets the city in banten, indonesia.




















                  undergraduate
                


                  pursue a ba in sustainability studies or a bs in earth and environmental science. choose an area of emphasis to match your interests.
                









                  graduate
                


                  our interdisciplinary learning environment and facilities support graduate work in geology, geography and gis/spatial analysis. 
                









                  research
                


                  our research projects span multiple continents and positively impact our state, region, and the world in incalculable ways.
                

















why study sustainability, the  environment and earth sciences at wvu?
our department is a vibrant academic
  unit with modernized programs that focus on teaching sustainability through training in the disciplines of geology and geography.
  we are one of the very few programs in the united states that takes a holistic
  approach to sustainability, meaning that we study and teach the physical science and social science dimensions of global sustainability.
about the department
  

welcome from the chair
  








apply your knowledge
whether you are pursuing a
  ba in sustainability studies, a
  bs in earth and environmental science, or one of our
  geology and geography minors, you will find many opportunities available
  to you as an undergraduate student in our department.
  







                    field camp
                  

                      visit the black hills of south dakota and wyoming to apply concepts from the classroom and learn how to communicate your findings.
                    

                    about field camp: field camp 










                    internships and research
                  

                      check regularly as we frequently post internship and research opportunities. 
                    

                    explore opportunities: internships & research 










                    student organizations
                  

                      we offer several student organizations to help you make the most out of your education and to connect with your fellow students.
                    

                    read more: student organizations 














graduate studies



you’ve completed your undergraduate study. now what? 


  our department has a broad and extensive research mission in terms of subject
  matter and geographic reach with numerous funded projects with millions of dollars in awards each year.

geology graduate studies

geography graduate studies








news & social






department news from eberly college




isobiogem laboratory leading renewable energy research on the east coast 

posted on january 15, 2025



the center for resilient communities welcomes eighteen students to the 2025 resilient communities internship program

posted on november  6, 2024



new research finds paleozoic creatures at the center of a big scientific mystery

posted on august 28, 2024



money trees: wvu researchers looking at local benefits from climate change fighting ability in appalachian forests

posted on august  8, 2024



2 eberly students receive gilman scholarships to study abroad

posted on july 29, 2024



view all eberly college news






department events





  department calendar



academic calendar






  full wvu calendar








academic transformation faqs

the department of geology and geography started two new degrees as part of the
    first round of academic transformation in 2021. the two new degrees are a ba
    in sustainability studies and a bs in earth and environmental science.

current students in the geology, geography, and environmental geoscience
    programs can stay in their current major or they can choose to move into one
    of these new degrees. 
for more information, read our 
    frequently asked questions.




        
        
         
      






in the spotlight

more than students in a class — we are
  mountaineers on a mission. 
  







view spotlight for daniel price





                      
                        daniel price
                      
                    





“my major at wvu was geology, and here i am going out to the middle of the sea! my hope is to bring the wonders of our oceans to places like west virginia and open up a whole new world to kids and adults alike.”








view spotlight for sam ocon





                      
                        sam ocon
                      
                    





“i have always loved being outdoors, and fossil hunting just gives me an excuse to be outside. plus, finding a fossil means that you’re the first being to lay eyes on this organism for millions of years!”








view spotlight for bane clements-smart





                      
                        bane clements-smart
                      
                    





“i decided to pursue sustainability studies because as the demand for sustainable ways of living and interacting with our environment becomes a more pressing issue, understanding and having experience with implementing these changes is a vital skill.”













view student & alumni spotlights  
      















              
              support our field camp
            
we need your help to lessen the financial burden of attending field camp for students.
  field camp provides an incredible opportunity and creates meaningful hands-on
  experiences that will last a lifetime.

“as geologists we know, the best geologists see the most rocks. future wvu geologists
    need our support now.”
  
dan billman (1989 ms geology)


about field camp
donate to field camp











research highlights
a glimpse of research news, projects and activities that span multiple continents and positively impact our state, region, and the world in multiple ways. learn more about our research areas.









red map, blue map with kenneth c. martis
in the 1970s and ’80s, geographer kenneth c. martis, emeritus professor of geography,
  mapped every congressional district and color-coded them by political party, going
  all the way back to the first congress. recently his work was featured in the
  humanities magazine, summer 2023 edition article
   "red map, blue map."


read the article
meet dr. martis










mapping a legacy with gregory elmes
after a 35-year career, professor emeritus gregory elmes aspires to give back to
  the university that has given him so much. he and wife jeanne have established
  a planned gift, the
  dr. gregory and mrs. jeanne elmes geography endowment, to support undergraduate
  geography students in their research endeavors.
  


read more in the eberly magazine










caving culturally with maría pérez

what do caves and human geography have in common? 
that’s what maría alejandra pérez, associate professor of geography at the
    eberly college of arts and sciences, will be considering as she studies “ecologies
    of participation” in karst regions of puerto rico, 
supported by a $300,000 grant from the national science foundation.


read eberly college article
meet maría













            isobiogem laboratory leads renewable energy research on the east coast 
          
learn more about our research
  




















department of geology and geography
eberly college of arts & sciences








          west virginia university  98 beechurst avenue
           p. o. box 6300
          morgantown, wv 26506-6300

          phone: 
          304-293-5603







facebook





twitter





directions







sitemap


about


undergraduate 


graduate 


research


people


news & events







        quicklinks
      


advising & faqs


faculty & staff


how to apply
            



visit department
            








        university resources


attending wvu
            



current students
            



parents and families
            










        your journey at the eberly college of arts & sciences
      

[ departments & units
        ]


[ courses of study
        ]


[ student info desk
        ]


[ scholarships
        ]


[ speakwrite™
        ]


[ news & events
        for eberly college
 ]














accreditations
web standards
privacy notice
questions or comments?


          © 2025 west virginia university. wvu is an eeo/affirmative action employer — minority/female/disability/veteran.
          last updated on january 27, 2025.




a-z site index
campus map
wvu careers
wvu directory


give
handshake
wvu alert
wvu today
wvu portal





wvu on facebook





wvu on x / twitter





wvu on youtube














