











machine knives,industrial cutting blades,shear blades, replacement blades






















































 







 toll free 1-800-235-6433, (local) 812-364-1448
email: sales@federalknife.com
785 county line rd
po box 509
palmyra, in. 47164

 fax: 812-364-1418
federal knife inc. has the best blade and price for your application.please contact one of our product specialists today.

 









translate this






            menu          

          skip to content          
home
products

metal cutting

metal cutting blades & slitter blades
metal cutting shear blades
shear blade sharpening specifications
press brake dies & tooling
clearance charts


other products

replacement knives for the textile industries
plastic granulator blades
veneer knives
knife news


converting

slitter blades
guillotine blades
sheeter blades
packaging and cut-off knives




distributors
press
tech index
blade sharpening
knife news
contact us
 


      industrial cutting blades                   



search for:



 




 








machine knives and replacement blades.



federal knife inc. gives you an edge…
federal knife inc. is a global supplier of high quality machine knives and blades of all types. we can provide the correct replacement blade for your equipment from our large inventory or custom manufacture blades to your specifications. federal knife inc. has over 25 years experience in cutting edge technology.
we supply metal cutting shear blades, straight and circular,  to all industries including, metal fabricating, steel tube production, steel producers, plastics, printing, paper converting, packaging, wood veneer processing, and all converting industries.
federal knife inc. has unbeatable customer service and experience to aid in your selection of the perfect tool steel and blade hardness to “performance match” your unique cutting application.
to contact one of our product specialists please call 1-800-235-6433 or email sales@federalknife.com. we will be happy to help you find the correct blade for your requirement. check us out on facebook for current knife specials.
federal knife inc. also provides precision sharpening services to bring life back to your dull or damaged blades. federal knife can sharpen shear blades, circular slitters, toothed blades, straight and circular and guillotine blades.we can save you thousands of dollars by sharpening your blades to a better than new condition
federal knife inc. has the edge over the competition and promises to save you time and money. we look forward to hearing from you soon.
click here to see our company listing on industrial machinery digest
company profile featured story in imd
based in palmyra, indiana, federal knife inc. supplies and sharpens precision cutting tools and machine knives. started in 1987 as a regional blade sharpening shop serving local printers and metal fabricators, by 1991 federal knife had branched into manufacturing and supplying new replacement blades to end users and oem’s.
“we added modern cnc lathes and specialized grinding machines,” says jim vickers, vice president of sales and marketing for federal knife. “with the onset of the internet, we became a global supplier shipping blades to customers around the globe.”
today federal knife inc. is considered one of the leading sources for new replacement machine blades and has a reputation of delivering unmatched customer service and the highest quality products at the most competitive price.
as a global supplier of high-quality machine knives and blades of all types, their products and services benefit nearly all industries including metal fabricating, steel tube production, steel producers, plastics, printing, paper converting, packaging, wood veneer processing, and all converting industries…
download the pdf to read the full story












 © copyright federal knife inc
home
products
distributors
press
tech index
contact us
site map
 

























