


humankind inc - online reputation management and search engine optimization | online reputation management, seo, web development

















 














humankind inc – online reputation management and search engine optimization
online reputation management, seo, web development


skip to content


rss feed

capabilities
about
contact
 



home
web development
reputation management
seo / web placement
press releases
blog
 online reputation management, seo, web development










walmart: summer starts here!





china experience





design inspires





ibike





mcclain rv





combat lessons





newport rental towers





pacific delight tours





pi capital partners





rvdealing.com





kara ross





jimmy’z





meeblemail





hyper cube





draculino bjj





rv templates






recent posts:

carnival cruise nightmare – handling a reputation crisis
by chris h | published: february 14, 2013

carnival cruise lines fire with feces flowing throughout the decks. burger king meat supplier busted for using horse meat. los angeles police officer goes on a shooting spree. pizza hut employees throwing dough on the ground and using it.
these potential pr nightmares happened in the span of just a week recently, and similar examples will continue happening.
but what is the right way to handle a crisis so that it ends up being a positive or neutral event instead of a negative?
(more…)



restaurants and negative reviews – the fight for an improved online reputation
by  | published: january 24, 2013

with so many restaurants out there, most people turn to the internet to find a good place to dine in. review sites such as yelp provide a lot of information and countless reviews about numerous restaurants, and, due to the number of people who make their decisions based on what reviewers say, the emphasis placed on online reputation has been growing exponentially.
(more…)



online promotion made easier with the help of online reputation management services
by  | published: january 17, 2013

ever since the internet appeared, companies have taken a high interest in their online reputation. today, as the expansion of the internet has transformed it into a fast paced, highly competitive environment for countless sites and millions of businesses, this concept is more important than ever when it comes to properly promoting your brand.
(more…)






 visit some of our related sites:


visitmetrix
one hour indexing
linklicious
impressrelease
trending traffic

   

one hour backlinks
drip feed links
high pr society
spinner bros







more work »











