


3m science. applied to life.  3m united states


















































go to us navigationgo to 3m united states navigationgo to page contentgo to searchgo to contact informationgo to site map


































                account
                










sign in


sign in to bcom












                  account
                  




us - en
                  





products

industries

brands





3m in the united states


english - en
change 3m location
save













products
industries



        abrasives
      


        adhesives, sealants & fillers
      


        advanced materials
      


        automotive parts & hardware
      


        building materials
      


        cleaning supplies
      


        coatings
      


        compounds & polishes
      


        dental & orthodontics
      


        electrical
      


        electronics materials & components
      


        films & sheeting
      


        filtration & separation
      


        home
      


        insulation
      


        lab supplies & testing
      


        labels
      


        lubricants
      


        medical
      


        office supplies
      


        personal protective equipment
      


        signage & marking
      


        tapes
      


        tools & equipment
      
view all 3m products






        automotive
      


        commercial solutions
      


        consumer markets
      


        design & construction
      


        electronics
      


        energy
      


        government
      


        health care
      


        manufacturing
      


        safety
      


        transportation
      


at 3m, we discover and innovate in nearly every industry to help solve problems around the world.




























what the world needs next, we are making now.














what’s new





































































our news feed is currently unavailable. visit the 3m news center for the latest news.














          
	what we do

      










	automotive






	commercial solutions






	consumer






	design & construction






	electronics






	energy






	government






	manufacturing






	safety






	transportation









                
	automotive

              
            





	automotive

                    
                




accelerating solutions to the industry’s toughest challenges
our solutions help manufacture, maintain, or advance nearly every vehicle in the world. so, when we apply our diverse portfolio of technologies and 100-plus years of expertise to customer challenges, we can advance efficiency, performance, longevity, and safety for the entire industry.

auto care
collision repair
manufacturing & assembly
oem & tier
post-factory installation









                
	commercial solutions

              
            





	commercial solutions

                    
                




making your brand, people, and facility shine
no matter where your company shows up, or where its work gets done, 3m solutions are here to make a difference. from cleaning and safety supplies to eye-catching graphic and architectural films, we aim to enhance your brand experience.

automotive post-factory
architectural design
facility management
food service
graphics & signage
food & beverage
visual attention software (vas)
window films









                
	consumer

              
            





	consumer

                    
                




reinventing the everyday to make a world of difference
whether you’re at home, at work, or on the go, our solutions help tackle your to-dos. from bandages and sandpaper to décor and cleaning, we’ve spent more than 100 years making what you need to get the job done.

auto care
car personalization
cleaning & protecting
decorating, organizing & crafts
home improvement
office
personal health care
school supplies
sports & recreation









                
	design & construction

              
            





	design & construction

                    
                




expanding what’s possible through form and function
bold ideas. aesthetics. efficiency. these are the tasks architects, designers, and construction companies take on every day. 3m is here to help. from state-of-the-art window films and roofing materials to ultra-strong adhesives and proven electrical solutions, our careful craftsmanship delivers the consistent and transformative results you strive for. 

architectural design
building & construction
electrical
home improvement
infrastructure
roofing granules









                
	electronics

              
            





	electronics

                    
                




building technology to power the tools of tomorrow
our advanced solutions are helping companies deliver more robust mobile devices, more stable and efficient networks, and brighter, clearer displays. by consistently innovating and combining technologies, we are enabling a faster, more connected future.

communications infrastructure
consumer electronics
data center
industrial & manufacturing
privacy & screen protectors
semiconductor









                
	energy

              
            





	energy

                    
                




sparking the transformation of global energy systems
we’re reimagining the future of energy and optimizing electrical infrastructure for a brighter tomorrow. through continuous innovation, we can improve existing solutions and develop new approaches that enhance and sustain daily life

electrical construction & maintenance
energy conservation
electrical oem
hydrogen technology
oil & gas
power distribution
power generation
power transmission









                
	government

              
            





	government

                    
                




a world of capability in service of your communities
as a global enterprise, we have a long-established understanding of federal, state, and local government needs. by drawing on our vast resources, technology platforms, and differentiated expertise, we create effective solutions for the most pressing challenges and provide unparalleled support for priority initiatives.

defense
clean energy future
emergency management
construction
transportation
facilities
public safety
3m government procurement









                
	manufacturing

              
            





	manufacturing

                    
                




making the complex world of manufacturing run smoothly
when it comes to fabricating, assembling or processing anything around the world, 3m knows efficiency is key. for you, for your team, and for your bottom line. from ultra-strong abrasives that keep processes running seamlessly, to futuristic materials that literally lighten your workload, and so much more, innovative 3m solutions help you create what’s next.

appliance
bonding & assembly
converter solutions
defense
food & beverage
industrial machinery
metalworking
packaging, shipping & fulfillment
paper & print
woodworking









                
	safety

              
            





	safety

                    
                




advancing safe and sound through science
we create safety solutions that help protect people and control their environments across industries. from personal protective equipment to infrastructure improvements, our technologies help ensure safety in a changing world and allow you to focus on your work with confidence.

facility safety
road safety
water quality
worker health & safety









                
	transportation

              
            





	transportation

                    
                




helping the world move safely and efficiently
our science is propelling the transportation industry forward with safer, faster, and lighter technologies across the seas, sky, and land. with solutions that can scale from cargo ships to scooters, we can help all manufacturers, transporters, and travelers achieve their goals.

aerospace
commercial & specialty vehicles
marine
rail
road safety
vehicle registration






















 who we are 



people. ideas. science. reimagining what's possible.








leadership





investment





careers





technologies





sustainability





people and community






our history

















 




our company


about 3m

3m careers

investor relations

customers and suppliers

sustainability

people and community

ethics & compliance




news


news center

press releases




regulatory


sds, rds, more regulatory & compliance information

transport information search

cpsia certification search

lithium battery un 38.3 test summary search

transparency in supply chains and modern slavery disclosures

us ingredient communication

product recalls




help


help center

site map

where to buy












legal|privacy|hipaa privacy|dmca|accessibility statement|your privacy choices|cookie preferences

© 3m 2025. all rights reserved.



follow us










the brands listed above are trademarks of 3m.








 