





home - desolation sound yacht charters







































 























adventures

plan your adventure
destinations
itineraries & cruising notes
provisioning & rental services
environment & culture
booking your charter


the fleet
do more

training and certification
yacht ownership
marine services


marine supply store
about dysc

the dsyc story
our comox base
meet the team


contact us
 
250-339-7222












 




experience natural wonders and ultimate cruising


boasting the natural phenomenon of warm waters and stunning oceanscapes, desolation sound, princess louisa inlet and the broughton archipelago offer the most pristine environment in the world. a safe haven of intimate coves and inlets, majestic fjords and  towering mountains welcomes all yachtsmen. 


immerse yourself in the ancient culture and native history of this natural world. explore safe anchorage locations enclosed by low shorelines, high cliffs and towering mountain sides. 
the warm clear waters of desolation sound marine park are perfect for swimming and scuba diving, saltwater and freshwater fishing.  these boundless territories give our charter guests the opportunity to discover their passion and free their explorer’s heart.
let desolation sound yacht charters open the door to a lifetime of memories.


                        plan your journey                    



 



destinations
planning your journey is almost as satisfying as taking it.  our incredible cruising grounds of desolation sound, the broughton archipelago and jervis inlet require flexibility and planning.  our sample itineraries and personally crafted cruising notes make the most of your time on board and take in the highlights of our destinations.  take advantage of the in-depth local knowledge of our trained in-house skippers.
learn more

 

the fleet
the dsyc fleet of exclusive sail and motor yachts are impeccably maintained and serviced. our maintenance schedule is the best on the coast and we guarantee our product.  dsyc's reliable staff is just a call away to support you and keep you sailing.   
learn more

 

in good hands
in pursuit of their dream, merion (aka maz) martin and jennifer knox-martin became the proud owners and operators of dsyc in 2012.  together they have over 30 years of experience in the charter yacht industry with 100,000 sea miles, mca/rya ocean master sailor and certified marine technician service manager qualifications.  they are past and present board directors and/or members of comox business in action, international sail and power association, association of bareboat charter and sailing schools, northwest marine trades association and bc boating.
learn more

 















“there are two terrible things for a man: not to have fulfilled his dream, and to have fulfilled it.”
- bernard moitessier, the long way








































port mark p54
buoy p54, the bell buoy, marks the georgia strait end of the passage across the shallow comox bar. on the way home, it's the first safe marker of the path to calm water and safe harbour. on the way out, it is the send-off to another adventure.






“there are two terrible things for a man: not to have fulfilled his dream, and to have fulfilled it.”
bernard moitessier, the long way






bernard moitessier (1925 – 1994) was a french sailor, most notable for his participation in the 1968 sunday times golden globe race, the first non-stop, single-handed, round-the-world yacht race. with the fastest circumnavigation time towards the end of the race, moitessier was the likely winner for the fastest voyage, but he elected to continue on to tahiti and not return to the start line in england, rejecting the idea of the commercialization of long-distance sailing. he was a french national born and raised in vietnam, then part of french indochina.
full bio on wikipedia





 




training
we are a  registered international yacht training and canadian recreational yachting association training center and provide a variety of courses to begin or increase your qualifications.
learn more




ownership
dsyc is on hand every step of the way. we know our owners and guests because we are you. jen and maz take extraordinary steps to ensure your ‘baby’ is ship shape and well maintained.
learn more




services
dsyc has a staff of fully trained and qualified mechanics, technicians, polishers and cleaners able to address all your boat repairs and maintenance.
learn more




 




about desolation sound yacht charters
desolation sound yacht charters is based in comox on beautiful vancouver island, canada. we offer bareboat and skippered chartering opportunities to the cruising grounds of desolation sound, the broughton archipelago & princess louisa inlet.  dsyc specializes in yacht management, maintenance and repair.  dsyc is also a certified sail and power training center.  dsyc is the ideal choice for all your boating needs!
read more

cancellation policy
 


contact info

desolation sound yacht charters & services
1797 comox ave #103, comox, bc v9m 3l9

250-339-7222
toll free (us & canada) 1-877-647-3815
charter@desolationsoundyachtcharters.com













 

 



© 2021 desolation sound yacht charters & services



privacy policy
cookie policy
 



 







