





susan parker - intro






















susan parker, ba miet

		excellence by design







[ home ]

[ what i do ]

[ 
				example projects ]

[ tech info ]

[ links ]

[ about ]

[ t&c ]











please note: i am in the middle of updating this site (as usual it's taking a wee bit 
longer than one might hope).
links from the link bar above or some of the other pages herein may not work for the moment.




quick links

audiophonics
the art of sound reproduction
my website for hiend audio design.




keyboards




executive keyboard
professional memberships





					iet

		institution of engineering and technology
looking for the best swiss replica watches in the world? buy now accuracy replica watches for the best price on swissmade.sr. include rolex, breitling, omega, tag heuer and so on. high-quality replica watch, fast shipping!









aes

audio engineering 
				society








wes


women's 
				engineering society




scientific instrumentation, consumer products & audio.
hardware, firmware, fpga, pcb layout, 3d cad.

scientific instrumentation

underwater instrument flashlamp psu and trigger pack.
a specially developed low 
		power circuit using a switched mode power supply for charging a 
		capacitor to 1200 volts. a custom "trigger pack" (shown un-potted) 
		reduces the quiescent charged load on the supply by half from that of 
		the hamamatsu module previously 
		used. 
the supply has a low 
		standby current and can charge to 1200 volts on demand in under 10 ms 
		giving a top operational rate of 100 flashes per second from a special 
		high quality
		
		xenon short arc flash lamp which is a point light sources 
		providing high luminance and colour temperature. 
the flash lamp emits a continuous spectrum of light, 
		ranging from ultraviolet through visible to infrared. 
		filters select the light wavelengths of interest for excitation and a 
		photodiode detector measures the amount of light returned to the 
		instrument.

consumer products


prototype design concept ergonomic flat split-hand keyboard.
developed as an alternative to 
		maltron's full 3d ergonomic 
		keyboards this design is to provide as much relief as possible for 
		people who are suffering from "work related upper limb disorders" wurlds 
		and "repetitive strain injury" rsi problems but who want a more 
		conventional keyboard.
read the
		
		british computer society review 2004 article 

"let's talk sense about keyboard induced pain" 
		for some background as to why these ergonomic keyboards are so 
		important.
i also designed alternative symbols to the micro$oft 
		windoze and menu keys so that one keyboard layout could be used 
		interchangeably for pc, linux and mac systems.




 





operating system

				 

application



audiophonicsï¦¯nt>
the art of sound reproduction.
audiophonics is my brand name for my audio design work. 
		originally developed between 1992 and 1996 (sphere speakers, bass 
		speaker and the zeus audio amplifier) i have continued to work on 
		refinements and improvements.
please see my
		audiophonics 
		website for further information.


zeus amplifier schematic - 1994





















email: susan@susan-parker.com
		


		all information, drawings and images on this website
		copyright á¹·5-2010
		
		susan parker (unless otherwise credited).







