


hallfolk.com - home





































hallfolk.com





				home
			



				gallery
			



				contact
			















chuck hall
​singer - song writer / collector 
















song writer / collector





chuck hall has been a part of the new england folk and songwriting community since the mid 1980s. his newest album is called  “one tree.” it’s an album that features some of his oldest songs and some of his newest, with fresh instrumentation and orchestrations, composed and produced by chuck in a single basement studio during the era of isolation brought on by the pandemic. chuck has been a resident of the cape ann community since 1984. he grew up on cade cod, and his english teacher mother and broadcaster father gave him a love for poetry, especially the poetry of the sea. and as he found his voice as a songwriter, the themes of home, love of god and community emerged in a profound way,  and emerge once again on “one tree.” some of chuck’s songs have become a part of the musical atmosphere in new england and beyond over the years, from “angels”, “love comes to the simple heart”, “raining in boston” and others, and his became a very recognizable voice in the community both as a broadcaster and performer.  chuck began writing and performing his own songs while living in a cabin on temple mountain in new hampshire in the 1980s after studying classical guitar at keene state in the late 1970s. his songs have been recorded and performed by many artists, including susie burke ("angels"), dean stevens ("love comes to the simple heart") and jack hardy ("the dollmaker's secret.") in the 1990's, chuck was a popular folk dj on wumb-fm in boston, and in 2008 he won the rose garden performing songwriter competition. in his touring days, chuck traveled extensively along the east coast, from his home in gloucester, massachusetts, to miami, and played extensively in places like st. augustine and norfolk, virginia. in more recent years, his travels have taken him to atlantic canada, where he has collected and written many songs based on the history and stories found there.
 

 




chuck hall's songs have been sung by many voices for many years, jack hardy, susie burke and dean stevens among them... ”










albums





one tree / 2021an album done in the isolation brought on by the pandemic in 2020-2021, this one contains new classics like the title song, "one tree", "tom brady's gone to tampa", about the power of distraction in a time of uncertainty, and "please don't say goodbye to me", a reflection on one aspect of growing old. "the greatest show on earth", one of the earliest of chuck's songs, makes an appearance here, as well.​down at the old canal / 2017chuck's first homemade record, recorded from 2012-2017, a little at a time! a new favorite, "my blue umbrella" is heard here, along with his homage to the late jack hardy, "the green velvet coat." "ballads of the sea" features overlaid banjo, guitar and cuatro parts, while "the four capes" and "down at the old canal" are songs of love for home.the northern sagas / 2003songs and tales about and from atlantic canada are featured on this release: "halifax", a song about the great 1917 explosion, "the devil and the maid who loved to dance", an ancient nova scotia tale (perfect for halloween!), "the shores of ingonish", along with his classic, "angels."
confession of faith / 2001chuck's homage to the inner life come ringing through on this album, which features renditions of "wont you come and sing for me" and "prodigal son", as well some of his own finest: "a single drop of rain", "a walk in the woods" and "old friends."
one night in a cheap hotel/ 1987​chuck's first record, featuring "the dollmaker's secret" and "love comes to the simple heart", and supported by some of boston's finest musicians.
 

 













get in touch
please stay in touch! follow the link below to contact chuck about concerts, songwriting workshops and such!


contact chuck









 

 












site powered by weebly. managed by hostgator







    				home
    			



    				gallery
    			



    				contact
    			














