


sexy young school girl























    
	sexy young school girl
	
  
hello, im candy im 18 still in highschool i love talking very naughty on the phone and having a little fun.so cum be my sugar daddy youll never get hotter phonesex then with me...







thursday, september 13, 2007




my blog has movedhttp://candyphonefun.com



posted by candy @ 4:41 pm  
    	
 
    




tuesday, may 08, 2007




hello my hotties,today is monday! yay my boyfriends back in townand its so slow where the hell are all my guys at :(arnt you horney for my tight little pussy ::hehe::well school was hard and long today just likesubstitute that taught our class taday. i never had somuch fun in english class before watching him walkback and forth around the room all hour. trust me andi never paid attention in english before. i can tell myboyfriend was getting jealous by the way he wasstaring at me. after class my boyfriends jealousiegot the best of him as he pulled me into an emptyclass room and fucked every one of my holes.but it doesn't end ther my hotties! after my boyfriendleft i was in the empty classroom i was putting mypanties back on and the hot and well hung substitutewalked in. the moment after eyes connected he walkedover to me and ripped my panties off and began to fuckme in my cum filled asshole. for the rest of the day myass hurt so much i couldn't sit lol can one of my hottiesplease cum lick my aching asshole.free cam and phone sex at niteflirt. click here



posted by candy @ 3:32 am  
    	
 
    




tuesday, april 03, 2007




hello my hotties,its monday and thers nothing to do! im so freakin bored im taking my phone sex calls but it seems thers no one calling! lolwhere the hell is everyone tonight huh? take me with you hehewell someone that i really care about called me tonight and they were so fucked up on coke and it really made me sad! i now its fun to pary and have a good time and all but when itcomes down to someone i care about i guess its not that cool!and right now im really mad at him! and very hurt because hekept telling me no im sober as if im a idiot! guys i may be blonde but im not a idiot! now i will admit i've done my shareof partying myself but nothing like what he as done tonight :(and your prolly wondering why is she talking about this on herblog. well i like to write about everything that goes on in mylife. i guess wrighting kinda helps me a little bit oh i madeanother pod cast. i really dont like making that alot becausemabe you'll get sick of hearing them lol. where the fuck areall those boys at tonight huh? are you sleeping? whats going on.did i ever tell you guys im a huge fan of csi miami? well i amits because eric delko is so fucking hot! omg i would fuck thehell out of him! and make him cum so fucking hard inside me yummy i guess now im ranting hahah oh well you love it!i have to give a shout out to my new little toy namedanny! hehe i think he's scared of me :) i got him offthe other nite and made him cum really hardand i also made him really weak to the point he went on mywishlist and send me a email gift certificate :) because he couldnt controll himself over me by the way thank you danny.i love making little boys like him very weak! and controllingther little minds hehe just to get what i want ;) i guess youcan say somtimes i like being in controll but most of the timei love with a man controlls me and makes me do whatever he wantsme to do. im weak myself when it comes to really dominate menwell im off to phone sex ttyl hotties mmmwwahhh!



posted by candy @ 3:24 am  
    	
 
    




saturday, march 31, 2007




hello my hottieswell today is friday wooohooo and im sooooo fucked up lolyour lucky im typing ok how messed up is that? well i tookthe bitch test and it ends up im really not a bitch at alllol, infact im a goody goody :) ok i have to jazz that upa lil im a freaky goody goody! well since im really not ina typing position im just going to go to bed :( and i promiseto write somthing hotter tomorow... love ya candyyour more of a goody good38 %your a bitch25 %are u a bitch? created at quiz.ws



posted by candy @ 3:46 am  
    	
 
    








hello my hotties,well its now thursday and not to much going on tonight exepttomorrow is friday woohoo!. i get to go partying and get alldoll'd up for some hot ass guys or girls depends on my moodtomorow. did i tell you i went to suki's to get my pussyall nice and waxed.guys for some reason i really really get so horny i dont no whybut my clit just goes crazy in my panties :) omg guysdid you see the new ninja turtles movie coming out? don't it lookso adorable hehe. hint guys candy really wants to go see it *wink wink*yes im a very big fan of kid movies. but i have been known to give a fewblow jobs in the back of the theater *giggles* yes for all youboys i did swallow (gulps) anywayslets see do i have any callers to talk about? hmmm oh oh ohwell i found oscar! he called me lastnite and hotties he mustnot be my blog fan :( because he hasnt been reading it to knowi've been looking for him. but other then that i dont thinki have anyone els to write about at this time. you now howmuch i love talking about my caller of the day in my blog.i guess no one has made that much of a impression on me hehe.well i got my gifts in the mail from daddy larry and ther sopretty i love them and my pillows are so soft. guys how coolis it that daddy larry bought me pillows and blanket thatcandy is going to be wrapping her sexy bodyin everynight before i go to sleep? i might even be nude(yummy)well im off to do naughty phone sex and make my hotties cum allover themself.



posted by candy @ 1:44 am  
    	
 
    




tuesday, march 27, 2007




hello my hotties,god i fucken hate boys who message you you and say how they want to bewallet raped and when i tell him to go buy me something and they checken out and sign off! boys dont message a girl if your not serious because your just a waste of time. i got better things to do then have you bullshit around for 15 minutes hello! as i would normally say go lick a fucking dick bitch! hahaha!!i think im feeling a little dominate tonight.and im very submissive! but not tonight hehe :) let me tell you this i may be very submissive but im a tottall bratty dom because i always get what i want or i dont stop till i do. well its so late and im getting so tierd and im so horney too since my boyfriends at home i guess ill just have to finger myself how sad is that?haha but hes at home sleeping for work yes hotties he older then me * wink wink * i loveolder men :) ther amazing in bed and they can hold out way longer! you no i've only dated someone my age one time and said forget that i want me a older man. i got one yay! and our sex is so fucking hot he leaves me shaking because it was so good. fuck im so hory now well im going to go finger and im off to sleepy's all alone :( you should cum join me ;) it will be fun hehe im naked under the covers woohoo! nite hotties!



posted by candy @ 4:07 am  
    	
 
    




monday, march 19, 2007




well what did i do today? i went to the mall with some friends to buy some hot new clothes for school. well i bought this new hot jeen skirt by baby phat and its the hottest with a pink belly shirt to match one of my hotties bought it for me hehe :) me and my girlfriends looked so hot at the mall ther were so many guys drooling because they wanted some of this. and dont get me started on the old dirty perverts i like to sit at the food courts and spread my legs while i ware a minni skirt to all this dirty old perverts hahahah. i no im such a tease arn't i but you no you love it. lets see what els did i do? oh yea i had to stop my sukies and get all fresh! you no boys i had to get all waxed *legs*pussy*eye brows* and my nails filled. its very expensive being me thats why i need sugar daddys. well im off to phone sex because we all no what a big phone slut i am :) check out my website at http://candyphonefun.com



posted by candy @ 1:11 am  
    	
 
    




wednesday, february 21, 2007




hey hotties,i know i havent wrote in sooo long but this is my new blogand i keep up on this on daily and i will also wrighting backon this one too. i have just been so busy and i have missed youall and thank you all for the emails asking when am i going towrite in my blog again! well im back and head over to my new siteand take a look its soo pretty, well see you therxoxoxocandywww.candyphonefun.com



posted by candy @ 12:19 pm  
    	
 
    













about me

name:  candy 
location:  santa monica, california, united states 
my names candy im 5'6 120lbs i have green eyes and a belly button ring and a tongue ring. i love sex too the dirter & kinkyer the better. i also love to roleplay and i have no tabboos im the kinda girl up for anything *wink wink* & being a girly girl :)
view my complete profile

links

xxxmisscandyxxx
my adult space
click herecall me 3 free minutes!!

previous posts










































my blog has movedhttp://candyphonefun.com
hello my hotties,today is monday! yay my boyfriend...
hello my hotties,its monday and thers nothing to d...
hello my hottieswell today is friday wooohooo and ...
hello my hotties,well its now thursday and not to ...
hello my hotties,god i fucken hate boys who messag...
well what did i do today? i went to the mall with ...
hey hotties,i know i havent wrote in sooo long but...
hello my hottiesanyone want to join me in the hot ...
hello my hotties,happy new years!!! wooohoooooh my...


archives

february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
june 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
september 2007






 



 






walmart online coupons










