









maui wedding planners | weddings on maui







































skip to content




					go to the home page of weddings on maui				

							w						



weddings on maui
unique and creative hawaiian wedding packages


menu
home
ala carte
wedding packages
ministers
beach ceremonies
private weddings
reception sites
contact us
 






weddings on maui 

a full service planning and coordination company for elegant island weddings on maui.
congratulations on your upcoming destination wedding. our planners are here to assist you in coordinating all aspects of  weddings on maui, including the marriage license, venue selection, site design, wedding day time line, minister choice, music selection, flowers, professional photographer and videographer, catering menus plus much, much more. we provide our clients with every service and item needed to transform their maui wedding and reception into an event they will remember for a lifetime.
over the last decade, we have coordinated all types of weddings… from small intimate beach ceremonies to large private estate events with receptions. our extensive list of former clients include celebrities, corporate executives and other well-known individuals. but we guarantee that each and every wedding we plan receives the same incredible level of professional service and personal attention. the vendors and venues we use exclusively are considered to be the best in the industry. we specialize in creative and innovative ideas for your hawaiian wedding no matter what your budget happens to be. our entire staff will ensure that your wedding day is a consolidated effort to create an atmosphere of excitement, elegance and fun.

past couples:
“i just could not let another day go by without writing to you, sheree. mahalo, mahalo, mahalo! you are fabulous. my heart is full and i am tearful just thinking about you and what you did for us. you are one of those miracles we received while on maui. we can only thank you over and over for your outstanding wedding service.” eric and rose strotman
“thank you for all of your help with putting our wedding together. it was the best day of my life. when the groom is speechless, you are doing your job extremely well. and the olowalu plantation house was my dream come true! i have never been to a more peaceful and beautiful estate. you made this the perfect day on maui for brian and myself. thank you again for your amazing work and incredible patience.” nicole and brian lockwood
“we would like to pass on our grateful thanks for the planning service that you provided for us. our wedding planner, sheree, was absolutely wonderful to work with. it is never easy to plan a major destination event but sheree had excellent suggestions, great ideas, was extremely well organized and displayed a level of experience that went far beyond our expectations. thanks so much to your company!” wendy and stephane doyle
“thank you so much for making our dream wedding come true! it was an amazingly beautiful day and week. david and i were so impressed at how organized you were, down to every last detail. you really kept me stress free (which is saying a lot!) and were so professional. the wedding day was absolutely perfect and i couldn’t have done it without you. my friends and family are all still talking about how fun and perfect it was. i really couldn’t have asked for a more perfect wedding. we had the best day of our lives!” arleen and david

our friends:
weddings on maui also has offices on kauai and in california. all of the images displayed on our website were events planned by our company and shot by our two professional photographers, jennifer joswick from marbelle and sean michael hower from maui wedding medias.







contact information weddings on maui
po box 1587
lahaina, hi. 96767
office: (808) 276-0572
sheree giegling | wedding planner




	© copyright 2016 weddings on maui. maui, hawaii usa. all rights reserved
		
proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: popper 








