





squaretwo


















about
                            us
strategy

investments

portfolio

contact


  



































































































in a fast-changing world.











as a bespoke family office, we support the families
                        of jacco and edgar reijtenbagh with the organization, management and maintenance of assets. we
                        are tailored to meet the particular needs and wishes for present and future generations.




we have a stake in the
                        future
we constantly look to deploy capital into a
                            number of different opportunities.
our current portfolio reflects our dedication to impact
                            investing, to making responsible investments with the intention of generating a positive
                            social and environmental impact alongside a financially attractive return.











our investment
                                strategy
we leverage our cultural heritage and
                                financial strength to adopt complex and rewarding investment strategies, with the
                                objective of achieving long-term capital appreciation and high impact whilst minimizing
                                risks. our strategy is fuelled by our key enablers:



insight,
                                oversight, foresight

we provide both strategic and tactical oversight, in addition to support services
                                identified to meet the families’ day‐to day needs.
our fast decision‐making process and highly flexible investment strategies enable us to
                                benefit from dynamic circumstances and capture a diversity of business
                                opportunities.


our investments
                                are carefully selected on the basis of in-depth qualitative and quantitative review,
                                then optimized through hands-on management.


freedom

as an independent family office, we enjoy total freedom to challenge assumptions and
                                innovate. we are not restricted by fixed investment horizons.














investments
our entrepreneurial culture and values color our approach to investment ideas, inspiring
                                us to favor alignment of interests and hands-on management. because we are working for
                                the next generations, we view investment opportunities through a long-term lens.
investments are either direct, where we make the decision to invest capital into a
                                specific asset or security, or third‐party managed, where we use asset management funds
                                to invest capital on our behalf. we have established sustainable relationships with
                                like‐minded partners to pursue investments that matter.




private markets

                                    we align capital alongside like-minded
                                    managers to harness relationship
                                    intelligence and pursue deals whereby we
                                    invest directly in a single company.
                                    we focus on transformative businesses and
                                    move with speed and conviction to
                                    support companies create real value and
                                    achieve long term capital growth.
                                




public markets

                                    we manage a liquid securities portfolio
                                    which invests in publicly traded equity
                                    and equity-related instruments around
                                    the globe. we seek to generate maximum
                                    capital appreciation with long and short
                                    market exposure. investments are based
                                    on fundamental, quantitative and
                                    qualitative analysis.
                                




alternative assets

                                    we have allocated capital to an assortment
                                    of hedge funds and growth equity funds,
                                    each hand-picked based on managers’
                                    skills and performance. long-standing
                                    business relationships have placed us in a
                                    prime position to obtain exceptional
                                    opportunities, including access to top-tier
                                    firms that are selectively open to capital.
                                














portfolio
                                    examples of investments in our portfolio are:











                                            quadri ventures is a venture capital firm dedicated to fueling innovation and driving success for b2b saas companies that leverage the cloud and ai as strategic growth components.
                                        


                                        learn more
                                        












                                            veup is an aws expert cloud consultancy providing a suite of tailored specialist services to saas companies that fuel innovation, streamline operations, and unlock growth opportunities.
                                        


                                        learn more
                                        













                                               discord is a company that operates a popular instant messaging and voip platform, enabling users to communicate via voice calls, video calls, text messaging, and media sharing.
                                            



                                        learn more
                                        













                                                epic games is a leading interactive entertainment company and provider of 3d engine technology that operates one of the world's largest video games, fortnite.
                                            



                                        learn more
                                        












                                            goodleap is a financial technology company specializing in providing consumer-friendly financing options for sustainable home solutions, particularly in the residential solar energy sector.
                                        


                                        learn more
                                        












                                            ambri is a technology company specializing in long-duration energy storage solutions, particularly through its proprietary liquid metal™ battery technology.
                                        


                                        learn more
                                        


















our
                                    locations




new york
55 fifth avenue, suite 1305new york, 10003 ny - u.s.a.

tel: +1 646 869 0100
info@squaretwo.com









monaco
3-5 avenue des citronniers98000 monte carlo -
                                                monaco
tel: +377 9797 8680
info@squaretwo.com




















press contact
if you are a member of the media please contact our representatives with any
                                    questions or requests.
huijskens
                                    sassen communications
clemens sassenclemens@hscomms.nl

m: +31 6 46 11 11 89 - t: +31 20 68 55 955







@ copyrights
                            squaretwo
terms of use














