









american databank - electronically streamline the compliance process


























































1-800-200-0853



facebook




x


 





facebook




x



stargate login
complio login
 












about us

core values
career
pbsa accredited
our legal team


solutions

service descriptions
employment screening
corporate
healthcare
education
volunteer
small business
international search
immunization tracking
drug screening
fingerprinting
document tracking


why adb

better service
better technology
better compliance
integration


consumer information

your rights under the fcra
fcra notice to users
file a dispute
request your file
id theft remedies
trafficking
legal policy
privacy policy
biometric data policy


resources

fcra notice to users
forms & documents
faqs
useful links – employment
useful links – healthcare


contact us

sales
support


 





select page


  
 



 



 














background screening is just the tip of the iceberg 
 
 
american databank provides compliance solutions for all your needs:
pre-employment screening, healthcare solutions, and compliance management for your institution.
 
get started










innovative technology with a human touch 
 
 
american databank leverages the latest in advanced technology, all backed by our friendly, knowledgeable customer support staff.
 
 











immunization tracking 
 
eliminate human error and ensure accuracy.
track and manage immunizations with a powerful and customizable rules-based engine. the advanced algorithms electronically perform data calculations, data processing, and automated reasoning on compliance requirements from immunizations as simple as the flu vaccine to the most complex cdc guidelines.
 

read more










employee vaccination managementcomplio tracks and manages immunizations with a powerful rules-based engine that calculates and notifies you of compliance in real time. this powerful engine eliminates human error while increasing speed and accuracy.
learn more









disaster recovery & business continuity plan
 
experience 99.9999% system availability
our cloud infrastructure prevents service interruptions, and we have an actionable plan in place in the event of any disaster.










international criminal & verification searchamerican databank is well-versed in many countries’ laws and regulations revolving around employment screening. criminal background checks are conducted according to country-specific requirements.

learn more










experience the adb wayour core values: transparency, accountability, integrity, customer driven, altruism, kaizen/improvement

learn more










clinical rotation management & matching system  
we understand finding an effective clinical rotation management system is a huge pain point for schools.
we provide the tools to centralize and standardize the way your clinical onboarding requirements are communicated, tracked, completed, and shared with you.

contact us











vaccination trackingcomplio tracks and manages immunizations with a powerful rules-based engine that calculates and notifies you of compliance in real time. this powerful engine eliminates human error while increasing speed and accuracy.










immunization tracking that is accessible & compliantmost institutions have strict accessibility requirements for the online platforms that their students and faculty must use. but those requirements are not limited to student learning portals…have you considered the accessibility of your current immunization tracking system?
 
our complio system offers you web content accessibility guidelines (wcag) version 2.0 level aa compliance!













enterprise solutions
customizable solutions for organizations with complex programs, multiple locations, and many applicants.








solutions for smbe
tailored screening options designed to grow with small to medium sized businesses.








healthcare solutions
providing healthcare solutions to meet compliance requirements enforced by the state or jcaho & hfap.








education solutions
comprehensive screening & compliance tracking services for all educational institutions.









about american databank






about complio












employment screening 
american databank clients rely upon our detailed background screening reports as a key factor in the determination of an applicant’s potential for success.
 
learn more










what we accomplished in 2023:






background check orders conducted




drug screenings conducted




immunization compliance









immunization & compliance tracking
american databank's complio system streamlines the compliance process by equipping you with a single, reportable, hipaa-compliant system that accommodates your screening requirements, which can include anything from court searches, drug screening, fbi fingerprinting, and employment or education verifications. 
 
learn more










what american databank customers have to say






what impressed me the most is that i can talk to a live person. the service has been wonderful! i’ve never dealt with a company that is so focused on our needs.






american databank does an outstanding job of handling the background checks for students in our eighteen allied health programs. every check has been done in a timely manner and to our specifications. service goes far beyond a simple background check. american databank provides us with the opportunity to educate qualified individuals for future healthcare positions.






students are empowered to take an active role as a professional from the beginning of the program, and faculty can focus on getting the students ready for clinical rotations instead of getting paperwork ready.











drug screening services
american databank provides nationwide access to drug screening through an extensive collection site network and multiple testing laboratories, including labcorp and quest diagnostics.
 
learn more










contact us todayfind out how american databank can provide your organization with peace of mind!
contact us









fbi fingerprinting services
fingerprint-based background checks include a search of the federal bureau of investigation (fbi)’s criminal justice information services division’s national crime information center (ncic) files for criminal record and arrest information.
 
learn more













 








 




























what our clients have to say:“american databank staffs kind and helpful people that share their knowledge in a comprehensive yet efficient manner.”
clinical facultysan diego state university








what our clients have to say:“awesome training and follow up! you guys are my new favorite company to work with!!”
administrative clinical coordinatorjefferson (philadelphia university/thomas jefferson university)








what our clients have to say:“what impressed me the most is that i can talk to a live person.”








what our clients have to say:“american databank does an outstanding job of handling the background checks for students in our 18 allied health programs.”








what our clients have to say:“i’ve never dealt with a company that is so focused on our needs.”








what our clients have to say:“service goes far beyond a simple background check.”








what our clients have to say:“faculty can focus on getting students ready for clinical rotations instead of getting paperwork ready.”








what our clients have to say:“every check has been done in a timely manner and to our specifications.”








what our clients have to say:“american databank provides us the opportunity to educate qualified individuals for future healthcare positions.”








what our clients have to say:“you guys rock!”








what our clients have to say:“thank you for your response expedicency that you exhibit with our issues.”








what our clients have to say:“you are always prompt, professional, extremely helpful, and are always a pleasure to work with.”






 








home
about us
solutions
why adb
consumer information
integration
contact us
 
 





facebook




x



 © 2025 american databank, llc. all rights reserved.
 

 
 
 




manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent


















