







eni oken



































































































cart
















0
















        news
      

        videos
      

            blog
          

            ebooks
          

        art raffle
      

            about
          
















































































cart
















0











newsvideosblogebooksart raffleabout







learn to explore art, zentangle® and fantasy











scroll






 

take your drawing & zentangle® a step further

 




     









newssign up for my email newsletter and always stay up-to-date. subscribe now



video shopchoose from over 150 video classes at my teachable school. visit now



blogcheck out my latest posts on art, zentangle, fantasy and more. view now



ebooksprefer reading than videos? check out my ebooks at my etsy.com shop. 






     







 

about me













“hi there, my name is eni oken, i'm an artist and art instructor. for over 30 years, i've explored art and taught thousands of students. i’m obsessed with understanding art processes and principles, and then passing them along to others. it’s such a joy to to discover and learn what makes art visually appealing.”




    more about me
  





subscribe to my news
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you for subscrbing! i send out emails 4 or 5 times a month. 



 




     









find out what's happening herelatest blog posts

 




blog





















jan 29, 2025





canvaswork in blue



jan 29, 2025







jan 29, 2025




















jan 22, 2025





canvaswork yellow red blue



jan 22, 2025







jan 22, 2025




















jan 17, 2025





canvaswork blue and pink



jan 17, 2025







jan 17, 2025




















jan 6, 2025





zenuari 2025 tripoli



jan 6, 2025







jan 6, 2025




















jan 4, 2025





zenuari 2025 bubbles



jan 4, 2025







jan 4, 2025




















jan 3, 2025





unfinished tiles



jan 3, 2025







jan 3, 2025









 


    see all blog posts
  






     









learn how to create great art and zentangle®start learning now

 




all lessons

























eni oken's teachable video shop

















 


    visit shop now
  

 




you can also find ebooks and videos here:

























teachable video shop
































etsy ebook shop
































gumroad shop

















 




      









a little sample ofmy artwork

 











 


    view more at my blog
  






     







 

the process of creating art is not restricted to those who are born with natural talent; you can learn how to create remarkable art in a relaxing and meditative way. it's all about the process and art enhancers, and following the steps that allow you to explore your own potential in a happy and nurturing manner so that you can reach ‘flow’.-eni oken

 


    visit my video lesson shop
  






     







 









 

what people say about my lessons



“i want to express my gratitude to eni and everyone in this fun art club. now only do i learn a lot from the lessons, but i also learn so much from my fellow club members. i love being in this art club. it reminds me of being back in art school where everyone would encourage everyone and how much fun we had learning together. eni - you did a great thing with this club and i wanted to say thank you!” -cathy boytos

 

“eni is a great teacher. her lessons are always inspiring with very clear instructions. -anoeska w.

 

“i always wanted to create beautiful artwork and eni made that possible. she inspires confidence and creativity that i never knew i had. each lesson is an eye opener for me. thanks so much eni oken”-tara provost



“every lesson you put out there is amazing, high quality work that shows great improvement in my art and output. i get excited for every new lesson from art club. doesn't matter what is is!!! thank you eni (my art hero)!!!”-kristi berg

 

“all of your tutorials mesh together so seamlessly. you allow room to create an individual style of your own whilst still being guided with informative instruction. this is what makes art club and the other tutorials you have designed, worth of continual support. seamless and expert instruction. thank you”-lina f.

 

“eni is wonderfully talented, and her videos allow great access to developing my own talents as well! she is great at her craft, and i recommend art club highly.”-kerri chalmers



“your ebooks are helping me with creativity. i am not an artist, and it is hard for me to create something. i do not have a lot of inspiration. i looked at a lot of resources for zentangle on the web, and when i found you, i was really surprised to see how your tiles were beautifull. than, i wanted to do the same thing as you. :-). when i saw your ebooks, i have decided to try them. i did not know anything about shading, and i wanted to learn. i think you are almost the best with shading!!there are thousands of zentangles on the web, it is fun to look at them, but when i look at them, i do not create. i begin to create when i open your books. they are well done, easy to follow, and make me realize that i can do something beautiful me either. your books help me to create without stress, slowly, at my rhythm. when i open your books, and take paper and pen, i instantly be in harmony with my mind, and it makes me happy. it is like a gift. “-aline p.

 

“walked in to the wonderful world of ‘eni’! a fantasy world that enhances the land of zentangle! has enriched my work. thanks eni for sharing these fantastic details!”-jasmine jehangir




    read a whole lot more here
  






     







 

eni's art club closed on april 19 2024after 7 wonderful years, the art club closed on april 19, 2024 so that i can take an extended sabbatical from live online teaching and focus on my health and art. my video and ebook stores on teachable, etsy and gumroad continue to operate normally. if you acquired video classes through the club or purchased individually, you can still watch your lessons indefinitely without expiration date, for as long as my school is hosted on teachable. i am extremely grateful for the privilege of having taught so many talented artists!-eni oken

  

read the comments of happy clubbers here

 




     









take to new level



fifth banner



sections



third banner



hi my name is eni



seventhbanner



blog posts



second banner



video shop link



sixth banner



gallery



fourthbanner



quote



first banner



what people said2



fourthbanner



art club



sixthbanner










want to learn how to make pictures like these?

 




learn more about this lesson

























eni oken's teachable video shop

















   

start learning today!






social icons

























teachable video shop
































etsy ebook shop
































gumroad shop

















 



90245
eni@enioken.com



subscribe to my newsletter

subscribe to get updates on my latests posts and lessons. i send news about once a week. no spamming.
subscribe here
 





























video lesson shopetsy ebook shopgumroad ebook shopmy tangle patternsart supply recommendationsart & tangle card gameprinted books



eni oken's art raffle appsubmit your patternaboutsubscribe to newsterms & privacycopyright do's & don'tshelp



 

contact eni here or use email: contact at enioken dot comcopyright 2024 eni oken. all rights reserved. other copyrights belong to their respective owners.i only sell printed books through lulu.comthe zentangle® method is an easy-to-learn, relaxing, and fun way to create beautiful images by drawing structured patterns. almost anyone can use it to create beautiful images. the method was developed by rick roberts and maria thomas. learn more at zentangle.com

 







