





schweiss doors: hangar doors | bifold & hydraulic doors


















































































 














✖



power will be off 9-9:30 today






contact us
800-746-8273









let's talkdoors
note abouthydraulic doors
bifold doors
designer doors: projects

specialty glass doors
security doors


about us
customer reviews

home






new strap latches




designer doors i




designer doors ii




literature









 



schweiss designer doors


contact us



bifold doorswhy lift straps
hydraulic vs. bifold
strap conversionstories
must see photos
architectural bifolddetails
architectural hydraulicdetails






newall strap bifold door
why one-piece hydraulic doors
retrofitstrap conversion kits
farm stories & photos

pivot bifold door
pre-mounted - bifold


pivot hydraulic door
concrete flooring
cladding

projects
literature






hydraulic hingeon steroids


stand-alone doors


locations


new strap latches






bifold doorswith patented lift straps
learn more . . . click here!






hydraulic doorswith robust hinges
learn more . . . click here!





designer doorsglass bifold doors
view more photos vol. 1 . . . click here!



new, amazing designer door video!
click here







architectural doorsglass hydraulic
view more photos vol. 2 . . . click here!





security doors
steel storefront doors
learn more . . . click here!





lift strap
bifold doors

•  quieter•   easy to install
•  safer•   last longer
•  faster•   easy to maintain





lift straps are better than outdated cables
some manufacturers still continue to try and sell outdated cable lift bifold
				doors - cables not only require frequent maintenance due to fraying, overwrapping or strands breaking , but also only rated for 7,200 lbs. each, open much slower, are hard to adjust, are not as reliable as straps, and are  noisier than liftstrap doors. straps are a better design!
ninety-nine percent of schweiss bifold door customers are now demanding the stronger, patented polyester lift straps. for years, bifold doors were lifted and lowered by the slow, conventional means of outdated steel cables, that have a tendency to fray, overwrap, and break.
lift straps are a thousand times better than cables and easier to install!
other manufacturers try to put their spin on cables, but the truth remains that cables are not easy to work with 
				and the life expectancy is shorter compared to lift-straps. cables operate on a fixed speed, whereas straps lift 
				your door faster and are exceptionally much safer!





automatic strap latches...
straps do the latching



new clean / simple design!



strap latches secure the door in the open position

automatic latch straps are a thousand times better and easier to install!

straps do the latching!
•   firmly hold the door against your building in the closed position
•   adds protection from wind gusts in any position during operation
•   firmly locks the door to the building when closed
•   secures the door when opening


90% less moving parts

•   no more cables•   no more pulleys
•   no more chains•   no more sprockets
•   no widgets•   no linkage rods to mess with
•   quieter operation•   no additional motors needed

patent pending



strap latch adds protection from wind gusts while operating



strap latches secure the door when closed






advantages of the automatic strap latches
this is what every door owner wants and needs. unlike other latch mechanisms, the new design will firmly hold the door against your building in all positions; securing the door when open/partially open and will firmly lock the door when closed. it will offer added protection from wind gusts while the door is in any position during operation.
straps secures the door to the building
new clean / simple design!





all-strap door
the new evolution of bifold doors
     patented     

bifold doors have been around for years, but thanks to schweiss doors foresight, they are 1000 times better now! calls are coming in from owners of all styles of cable doors wanting to convert to straps.
patented lift straps & strap latches

maintenance has dropped off to nothing with the liftstraps and latch straps
•   liftstraps make the door easier to look over for potential problems
•   straps certainly require alot less maintenance
•   virtually no adjustment necessary with straps
•   no more worries about cables fraying or cable clamps slipping

it doesn't get any better than an all-strap door
"cable where just a maintenance nightmare. we were having a lot of problems keeping the cables adjusted and replacing broken cables. it was really hard to tell when a cable was slipping, and it would go from looking perfectly fine to fraying almost immediately."


customers ask . . .
"can you convert our outdated cable-lift doors to the schweiss liftstraps and autolatches?"
that's a good question! the answer is yes!
no matter the make, model or manufacturer of the door you own, you can see the obvious: schweiss liftstrap bifold doors are a safer, faster, and better solution than outdated cable lift doors.



strap testimonials



							"schweiss can convert any 
							cable bifold door to a 
							'lift strap' bifold door"
						


							"we were having some trouble 
							with frayed cables. 
							i'd recommend liftstraps to anyone."
						


							"i do like the liftstraps.
							they're a lot less maintenance,
							faster and quieter."
						


 


							"we also like the convenience 
							of the liftstraps being faster than 
							the old cables on our door."
						


							"the straps run the door up 
							faster and safer and i like the 
							10-year guarantee."
						


							"the decision to get liftstraps 
							on my bifold door was more of 
							a safety issue for me."
						





							"we're having zero problems 
							now with the liftstraps."
						


							"a lot of guys are coming to look at 
							our door. i'm sure you'll be selling 
							more lift straps, we like 'em!"
						


							"i can't say enough about 
							your liftstraps, i wish i'd 
							done it originally."
						










introducing schweiss one-piece
hydraulic doors
quality like no other




big...clean...beautiful



all-steelhydraulic doorframes


•   door's subframe adds extra building support  

•   schweiss custom designs every door  


•   double push tubes  


•   more hinges... strong design... better door  




hydraulic door advantages


•   faster opening speeds•   less headroom required


•   quiet, smooth operation•   easy to install


•   bigger, better cylinders•   low maintenance components


•   less moving parts  





schweiss has a unique, compact hydraulic pump design


•   remote control available  


•   complete electrical package  


•   emergency backup fittings  


•   oil filter & gauges  


•   clean design  




most versatile hydraulic pump on the market


•   they're powerful  


•   they're reliable  


•   they're quiet  




mounting options for the hydraulic power unit

1   under workbench
2   stand alone unit
3   wall mount
4   tractor fittings ( included )
5   battery backup ( optional )







new
hinge design
better, stronger hinges sell the door




while other doors may appear to be the same on     the surface, there is really . . . 
no comparison !



the schweiss hydraulic door advantages


•   greasable hinges on each and every hydraulic door. 

•   ability to grease the top hinges without removing the top rubber seal. 


•   all steel doorframe members . . . no wood ! 


•   quiet gear-driven hydraulic pumps and spherical bearings on each cylinder. 



"our new wrap-around hingedesign sets the new standardfor hydraulic doors"

nothing like it on the market

must be strong
the door weight and hydraulic forces pull down on hinge when door is opening


schweiss hydraulic hinges provide extra support

"there have been hydraulic doors with hinge welds that failed, literally tearing off the doorframe and destroying the door," schweiss says. "our design team provided a durable wrap-around hinge with grease zerks that are accessible without removing the top rubber seal."
strongest hinges on the market!
strong doorframe!
schweiss doorframes are designed with triple push tubes that are tied directly into the wrap-around hinges that connect each vertical push tube directly to the header tube. the advantage of triple push tubes is that forces of hydraulic cylinders are evenly distributed to the doorframe and the wrap-around hinges.


strongest doorframe on the market!

what customers are saying...


•   "the hinges sold me." 

•   "the schweiss team hit a home run by putting grease zerks in their hinges." 


•   "now that's a serious hinge, you guys have it figured out!" 


•   "oh my, nothing comes close to your hinges. professionally done!" 


•   "nothing on the market that even comes close to the schweiss hinge design." 






schweiss is the only manufacturer to offer hinges that can be greased from underneath the door without removing the top weather seal.




grease zerks on all hinges
hinges can be greased from underneath the door others try to get by using bushings and welding the hinge pins in place . . . not the schweiss way!



"no one else in the industry offers these unique features"
this schweiss hydraulic door was designed for 175 mph windload and equipped with a hydraulic 2-speed valve for smooth operation that includes a 12 volt backup system in case of a power outage. the door has the newly designed and patented wrap around hinges that can be lubricated from inside the building, making maintenance quick and easy!
only available on schweiss doors . . .






spherical bearings
doors are always moving and flexing



spherical bearings are an important feature to have
hydraulic doors are large in size and just like an airplane wing, the doorframe flexes during operation. the hydraulic cylinders on each side of the doorway are connected to the doorframe and the building using spherical bearings. the spherical bearings accommodate the flexibility of the doorframe while at the same time allowing the cylinders to raise and lower the door without binding on the hydraulic cylinder pins and brackets. spherical bearings on both ends of the cylinder allow the cylinders to stay straight through the full range of motion.
"no one else in the industry offers this unique feature" only available on schweiss doors...

schweiss useslarger cylinders
spherical bearings are a smart feature to have!

allows for flexingstays straightallows for flexing




new
splice connection
makes shipping and assembly easy


the doorframe sections are shipped on a standard size trailer saving shipping costs for any size door.



•   sturdy connection 

•   easy assembly 


•   easy to install 


•   clean design 



see videoschweiss doorssplice connection

quickly and easily assembled before hanging the door in the opening.




specializes in
large hydraulic doors
for large buildings


self-supporting subframe included on every doorframemore clearance . . . lose no headroomrobust hinges with grease zerks


the schweiss hydraulic door comes with its own self- supporting subframe for added strength and support. all models, come standard with double push tubes at each side  of the door. schweiss hydraulic doors are renowned for their heavy-duty hydraulic cylinders with spherical bearings to extend the life of the door. schweiss doorframes also come standard with the new robust hinge design with easy to grease hinges.


a common question customers ask:




schweiss responds:
"the choice is yours. each door offers something different. each has specific advantages. tell us your situation, so we can better advise you. the bottom line - it's the customers choice. only schweiss doors gives you that advantage. schweiss doors already has a long history in the door world. we are the 1st choice of thousands of customers and our hydraulic doors are leading the way. with either door you get schweiss quality. talk with us first and we can make your decision easier... hydrauic or bifold!
"we give you options so you can decide what is important to you."




which door is better? hydraulic or bifold?see video

look for quality, look for price, you'll buy schweiss!

 
 

hydraulic doors
hydraulic lift doors
hydraulic vs. bifold
stand-alone doors
superstructure hydraulic
tilt-up design comparison
hydraulic door frame
mounting styles
hydraulic pumps
note about hydraulic
greasable hydra hinges
hydraulic secrets
product features
build your own door
hydraulic parts
hydraulic door failures
other
literature
faqs
prices
new smartphone app
misc. pages
locations


bifold doors
why bifold
straps vs. cables
superstructure bifold
bifold door frame
greasable hinges
mounting styles/wedges
bottom drive
top drive
bifold parts
auto latches & remotes
new strap latch & remotes
arm latches & remotes
lift straps kits
strap conversion kits
strap conversion stories
upgrade features
upgrade equipment
top & bottom rubber
cold weather package
sheeting / insulation
walk doors
windows


building details
wood building details
steel building details
understanding headroom
how to measure your building
forces on your building
round roof building
hoop buildings
retrofit existing buildings
steel & wood designs
building details
agricultural buildings
pole barn structure
machine shed doors
storage building doors
free standing headers
on steel buildings
on wood buildings
door installation
schweiss certified installers
bifold & hydraulic installation guide


specialty doors
specialty doors
designer doors i
designer doors ii
container doors
container door concepts
container doors stories
marina doors
marina doors
design info
architects, specifiers,contractors & engineers
design criteria - bifold
design criteria - hydraulic
schweiss sample specs
testimonials
testimonials
customer reviews


must see photos
must see photos
gallery
farm stories & photos
farm stories & photos
tons of photos & stories
videos
slideshow video
designer doors hot video
slider photo's slider gallery
animation video
about schweiss
what's in a brand name?
history
about us
factory map
careers
aircraft sizes
airplane chart
fly-in communities
floatplane chart
hangar homes and airparks map



drone factory tours
tour 1
tour 2




opportunity for garage door dealers!



dealer opportunities! click here to learn more...
			





home


contact




photos


blog






direct shipping routes


dakota hydraulic doors


texas hydraulic doors


colorado hydraulic doors


utah hydraulic doors


arizona hydraulic doors


washington hydraulic doors


new york hydraulic doors


arkansas hydraulic doors


montana hydraulic doors


south carolina hydraulic doors


california hydraulic doors


missouri hydraulic doors


florida door sales


canada door sales


ohio hydraulic doors








schweiss | worldwide door sales
72121 470th st, hector, mn 55342
schweiss@schweissdoors.com
507-426-8273 - phone
800-746-8273 -  toll free (us only)















sign up!









schweiss reserves the right to change design and specifications of our products at anytime without notification © 2025 

 
 
 




















