






newswatch magazine – the analysis of world news in the light of bible prophecy!














































 



 

 
welcome to newswatch magazine





menu
bookshelf
our staff
sabbath broadcast
sabbath broadcast
about
our staff
previous broadcasts
replay broadcasts
log in/register
newswatch magazine
contacts
















newswatch  magazine
your goto place 
explaining
current events 
in the light of 
bible prophesy
welcome to newswatch magazine


newswatch magazine
watch the weekly
sabbath broadcasts
every saturday at 2:00
in the afternoon.
links are down below.
please join
us each
sabbath


newswatch magazine
free 1 year online
subscription to
newswatch magazine.
just click the login link
above to register/login.
get your free 1 year online subscription


newswatch magazine
your donations help
us to continue to
get god's word out
and to publish
newswatch magazine.
thank you
for your support


the analysis of world news in the light of bible prophecy!
bookshelf

login
click the gate to switch between places















philippians 2:12  wherefore, my beloved, as you have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling.

philippians 2:13  for it is god which works in you, both to will and to do of his good pleasure.

let’s look at what we are told in these verses.
paul encourages us to “work out” our salvation.
not because salvation depends on works, but because it’s a gift that transforms our daily lives. to “work out” our salvation means to live it fully, allowing its impact to shape our actions, decisions, and relationships. 
this process requires effort, humility, and a genuine reverence for god, acknowledging that the journey of faith is serious and calls for diligence.

we are designed with a purpose for living life. 
god’s word teaches us that we should think about each other in the same way that christ thought about others. 
he was willing to make himself nothing, taking the form of a servant, and humbling himself by becoming obedient even to death on the cross. 
this was done for our benefit, so that we could be set free from sin and reconciled with god.  

you’ll notice here that paul quickly reminds us that we are not alone in this work. 
god is at work within us, empowering us to desire and to do what pleases him. 
he shapes our hearts, our motivations, and our actions for his purpose. 
our role is to be responsive, leaning on his strength to live out the faith we profess.

and yes, it is easier said than done, because in our own lives, it can seem like there is a battle between good and evil at every turn. 
our mind can become consumed by thoughts of how we are being treated wrongly by others and how to get back at them for their perceived injustice against us. 
we tend to forget that vengeance is the lords.

so, as followers of christ, we must learn to be obedient even in difficult situations, always seeking the best outcome for those around us.  
we know that there will be times when we will not receive fair treatment from others, but we must remember that god is our ultimate judge and that we are to seek justice from him rather than through our own actions or the legal system of this world. 
our main goal should be to live out our faith in christ as an example for those around us, so they too can come to know god and find salvation by his grace alone. 
we must ask god to give us the strength and determination to persevere in life according to his will, living humbly and serving others selflessly, even when it’s challenging.
we must learn to trust in his power and love.
work out what god is working in
philippians 2:12-13


weekly devotional














free one year online subscription
over 40 years in publication
newswatch magazine provides current world news in the light of bible prophecy
one of the central ways we grow as disciples of jesus is by having intentional relationships with people who share the same goal.

if you are interested in learning how current events are explained in the prophetic word of god, then you will want to subscribe to newswatch magazine.
subscribe now!
login















or join us by phone
on our conference call.
dial-in number: 667-770-1476
pin code: 217355
sabbath message
watch this weeks
previous broadcasts
















weekly sabbath broadcasts
broadcast replay
01/18/2025
you can also watch other broadcasts on our brighteon channel
brighteon.com/channels/newswatch
01/25/2025
02/01/2025
02/08/2025


















fall feast broadcasts 2024
feast day replay
feast of trumpets
day of atonement
1st day of feast of tabernacles
the last great day
2nd day of feast of tabernacles
3rd day of feast of tabernacles
4th day of feast of tabernacles
5th day of feast of tabernacles
6th day of feast of tabernacles
7th day of feast of tabernacles
























© copyright 2024 - church of god ingathering saints







 
 























