





new england antiquities research association









home
topics
contacts
membership
conferences
library
research
publications
gallery
calendar
forum
books




















what does neara do?

    observant visitors to america's northeastern forests have long encountered various stone 
    structures. these include rock piles, stone chambers, unusual stone walls and circles,
    propped boulders, standing stones, petroglyphs, and stone or earthen 
    mounds. neara was founded in 1964 to promote research into the origins 
    and functions of these structures and sites, to document them and 
    encourage their protection and preservation. volunteers participate in 
    the search for new sites and enjoy the challenge of better understanding 
    them through the lenses of history, archaeology, anthropology and 
    geology, as well as fields such as archaeoastronomy, deed research, and 
    epigraphy.
  

    our semiannual meetings provide an opportunity for sharing research on a wide array of 
    subjects, from the early peopling of the americas, diffusion of cultural 
    features across oceans in antiquity, native american traditions, to the 
    colonial period. mythology, astronomy, comparative religion, 
    agricultural practices, landscape studies and remote sensing are all 
    areas we have explored. our meetings and publications offer a forum for 
    studying these diverse subjects, in an effort to better understand our 
    region and its global context.
  

    what do neara members do?  find out here:
    neara membership


neara spring 2025

    mark your calendar!  the next neara conference will be may 2nd to may 4th in fishkill new york.
  

    not many details have been decided, but they will be announced at the
    2025 conference page.
  

norman muller interview

    margaret osha interviewed norman muller for a two-part article in the herald about vermont's stone features.
  


wonder of vermont's stone cairns


an open mystery: origins of vermont's ancient stonework




(credit: herald / margaret osha)


sitedb updated

    the database at sitedb.org
    has been refreshed with many photos from the archives of the early sites research society (esrs)
    and by ed lenik, with his gracious cooperation.
  

    alas we have fallen behind recording many of the sites that have been reported.
    if you want to help and have a background in organizing digital records,
    contact us at sites@neara.org.
  

    last summer we added a feature to filter the list of search results that you get, so that you can easily
    see a list of documents or photos in a particular state or county or town or containing a particular word
    in their title or file name.
  

    if you have logged in before but don't have the password remembered in your browser,
    search for your last email from "donotreply@neara.org".
    be sure to check your spam folder for any emails from neara.org (if you find any -- mark them as "not spam").
    only if all else fails, request access anew on the sitedb.org site.
  

    you might also want to keep a bookmark to the "home" page, so that you don't have to log in each time.
    however for security reasons you will need to login again after a week.
  

current neara transit

    this issue of neara's newsletter includes these articles:
  

looking back to look forward -- sydney blackwell
the editor's desk -- carla cilvik and dave gutkowski
president's message -- walter van roggen
the neara 2024 fall conference -- sydney blackwell
neara tours america's stonehenge -- mike luoma
neara fall 2024 conference sunday field trip -- mike luoma
remembering mary ellen lepionka -- teresa bierce
state chapter coordinators -- martin rapp
newgrange: neolithic sacred site of ancient ireland -- carla cilvik
chasing rocks: a connecticut megalith -- chris loughlin
neara newbie goes exploring: the east brookfield site -- paul roy
monument ridge: a discovery in the making -- todd pfleger
treating people right -- harvey buford
cradle rock in barre massachusetts -- derek gunn
membership report -- teresa bierce
a treasure and a dream from our past: neara transit spring 1994





    neara members can receive the latest
    neara transit newsletters electronically or in printed form.
    they can also read all issues ever published on sitedb.org.
  

fall 2024 conference
neara through time: 60 years of research

    the fall 2024 neara conference was held at the falls event center,
    in manchester, new hampshire, on the first weekend of november, the 1st to the 3rd.
    details are on the fall 2024 conference page.
  


a field trip in rhode island

    jim hammond led a trip through lincoln woods state park on a wonderful day.
  






first shown to neara in journal vol 14.2 fall 1979


a field trip in new hampshire

    devon toland led us on a pleasant walk in northwoods meadows state park.
  

















    to learn about field trips near you, follow our neara calendar or
    become a member to get our email announcements.
  

a field trip in vermont

    suzen blackstone led us to carved footprints in washington county,
    to rocking rock in greensboro, and to other features in vermont.
  


at the footprints and handprints



close-up of the footprints



the blanchard stone, with many grooves


    to learn about field trips near you, follow our neara calendar or
    become a member to get our email announcements.
  

announcing the neara book table

    are you curious what books many neara members read?
    we now have a virtual book table where you can see lists
    of interesting books that you can purchase.
    if you know of some good books that other neara members might like to read,
    share them with us with an email to the neara librarian.
  

    as a member of neara you can also borrow books through our
    online catalog.
  

a field trip in new york

    robyn field led a stone chambers hike in putnam county new york.
  













    to learn about field trips near you, follow our neara calendar or
    become a member to get our email announcements.
  

announcing the neara forum

    long ago neara members were able to communicate with each other in a private yahoo group.
    we would like to revive such a forum, this time as a private google group.
    if you are interested, membership is open to all members of neara in good standing.
  

    read about the details at the neara forum.
  

    this is another in a sequence of initiatives to provide more services and information to neara members,
    following introduction of the neara calendar.
  

chuck drayton's stone sites in foxboro state forest

    chuck drayton has graciously allowed neara to host and update his stone sites website.
    you can see it now at:
    foxboro state forest stone sites.
  

    this rehosting is part of our continuing effort to preserve interesting websites and collections of documents.
    if you have a specialized website pertaining to stone structures that you would like to modernize and
    preserve for the future, contact us at webmaster@neara.org.
  

    stephen carney has a number of videos on youtube about these same sites:
    stones and stories.
  

field trips in vermont and in massachusetts
bolton vermont, with mike luoma








foxboro massachusetts, with chuck drayton













    to learn about field trips near you, follow our neara calendar or
    become a member to get our email announcements.
  

neara organization changes

    we are in the process of making some changes to how neara is structured.
  

    the neara member communications committee includes not only the old membership committee,
    but also many other roles/groups that have substantial interactions with members.
    unlike the publications committee, member communications subcommittees and roles will
    primarly communicate via the internet.
  

    the first vice president's many roles are now more explicitly spelled out,
    in the hopes of encouraging more people to help stage our conferences.
  

    you can see how neara is organized from the point of view of a typical neara member at:
    neara organization


mysterious stone chambers of putnam county new york
part 1 with robyn field

part 2 with rob buchanan


current neara journal

    this issue of neara's journal includes these articles:
  

the influence of indigenous spirituality and healing on rock art in the northeast woodlands -- edward j. lenik
samples of 3d modeling, part ii -- markham starr
our hidden landscapes: indigenous stone ceremonial sites in eastern north america -- lucianne lavin and elaine thomas
stone mounds atop 'ployden mountain', hunterdon county, new jersey -- greg herman and benjamin brandner





    neara members can receive the latest
    neara journals  electronically or in printed form.
    they can also read all older issues on sitedb.org.
  

the stones we carry: kitty o'riordan dissertation presentation

    this is a recording of kitty o'riordan's phd dissertation presentation at the university of connecticut on november 10th 2023.
    the title is the stones we carry: avocational science, epistemics, and identity in new england's cultural stone features debate.
  


    an invitation/summary of the presentation is at flyer.
  

triad of digital technologies investigates the newport tower

    there was a zoom webinar on thursday august 24th.  view the video:
  


neara at lehigh valley events

    by jim wilson
  

    neara helped sponsor four community events in pennsylvania's lehigh valley in mid-march: at the
    lehigh valley watershed conference in bethlehem pa, and the 
    nature nurture center in easton pa.
    in addition to neara's $1500 sponsorship, neara volunteers from pa, nj, ct and ri helped plan and deliver these public programs
    and engaged with the many folks who stopped by neara's sponsorship table at each of the two venues where the four events were held on march 11-14.
    in total, about 300 people attended these four events and had access to neara's sponsorship table at all of them.
    dozens of email addresses were collected and lots of neara literature were freely taken, including our spring conference registration materials.
  

    neara's sponsorship helped pay expenses for speakers to attend the events and address constructed cultural landscapes,
    the use of archaeology for land conservation with indigenous tribes, and present a film screening and roundtable discussion about the award winning documentary,
    "the water gap: return to the homeland".
    the film screening and roundtable was led by the choctaw filmmaker and three young delaware women, who were teenagers when the film was made in 2016.
  



      delaware faces. delaware tributaries.
      lauryn french, kyle kauwika harris, sariah pemberton & debbie eckiwaudah
      pose in front of a local watershed maps exhibit at nurture nature center in easton.
    


    the land conservation talk and the cultural landscapes program were presented by dr. julia king, anthropology chair, st. mary's college of maryland.
  



      jim wilson introduced dr. julia king as the keynote speaker at the
      9th lehigh valley watershed conference at lehigh university on march 14.
    


    jim wilson presented two illustrated programs on constructed stone landscapes during these events,
    which were sponsored as in-kind contributions by jim's employer, northampton county parks and recreation.
  



      jim wilson's title slide of the talk that he presented at both events.
    


documenting constructed stone landscapes in eastern pennsylvania

    jim wilson contributed an article to the pennsylvania shpo's annual report on archaeological site reporting activities.
    the article starts on page 14.  other interesting articles are in the document, too.
  

pennsylvania archaeological site survey 2022


larry harrop's ceremonial stone landscapes

    we are in the midst of hosting the contents of larry harrop's old web site showing examples of different
    kinds of stone structures.
    you can see what we have so far at: larry harrop's web site.
  


serpent, by larry harrop


norman muller articles

    norman muller has graciously agreed to let neara host all of his articles.
    read them all here at norman muller's articles.
  


oley hills, pennsylvania, by norman muller


looking for nice photos

    want to contribute photos for our photo gallery?
    send us a few really good photos that you have taken.
    email them to sites@neara.org.
    please include a short caption, including the county and state in which you took the photo,
    the date you took the photo, and the name you would like to include in the caption.
  

donations

    neara has joined paypal's giving fund so that any money that you donate to neara will get to us
    without any fees subtracted.
    neara is a 501(c)(3) non-profit charitable organization incorporated in new hampshire, founded in 1964.
  

    please help us fund our research projects and preservation efforts and library and archives at:
    make a donation.
  


    this web site is hosted on github at neara-web.
    if you know html and css, you can help us -- contact us at webmaster@neara.org.
  

    copyright © 2025 new england antiquities research association.  all rights reserved.
    some materials are copyright their respective authors.
    note that the views expressed here are the opinions of the respective authors
    and are not the official opinion of neara.
  



