










german shepherd breeders colorado - denali kennels

















 











 


















home | site map | contact us



 











 






















 


















 










denali kennels - german shepherd breeders







                      	denali kennels is a small kennel / german shepherd breeder 
						located southeast of colorado springs, co concentrating 
						on temperament, health, trainability, and beauty with 
						working ability. our german shepherd dogs are of mostly 
						european stock, either directly imported or from 
						imported parents.  our breeding goals are to 
						produce the "golden middle" with dogs that are able to 
						do any job required of them without being so driven that 
						one cannot live with them in the home environment.  
						we want to produce dogs that are not only a joy to look 
						at, but also a joy to live and work with daily.  we 
						strive to produce moderately angulated dogs with the 
						ability to do what the breed was designed to do in the 
						beginning - work.

						 

 letter from the president - 
						4/14/2011
                        		it is with a heavy heart that i must announce 
								that as of april 15th 2011, denali kennels will 
								be taking an extended break from breeding after 
								12 years of producing some of the best dogs, 
								pets, buddies, service animals and sport dogs 
								anywhere.

                        		denali kennels will remain available to honor 
								our commitment to our clients and owners to 
								provide telephone support and advice for the life of the 
								dog. 

                        		we are currently placing our remaining dogs, if 
								you are interested in purchasing one of our 
								babies, please visit our available dogs page and 
								contact us at
								
								rbutler@denalikennels.com for purchase 
								information and price.

                        		we appreciate all of those who have been a part 
								of our lives for so long, we love hearing from 
								you after all these years and your emails mean 
								the world to us. thank you. please keep in touch 
								and let us know how your little monsters are 
								doing we still love pictures! 

                        		thank you again,

                        		robert butler
                        		president and chief operating officer
                        		denali kennels, inc.

						 








								what's new to denali kennels - german shepherd breeders

we have 2 
									dogs available for adoption - 11 year old 
									fassa and 4 year old iggy, 
									see them here



our health record so far:  
							out of over 200 pups we have 3 with any confirmed form of hip dysplasia; 2 with non-genetic cancer, 1 with 
                            elbow dysplasia, 2 that experienced bloat (and the bloodline has been removed), 4 with pano (wandering lameness 
							that is outgrown), 
                            and 1 with perianal fistulas (and the bloodline has been removed) and now 1 pannus.  we have had
									no known cases of bleeding disorders, dm, or epilepsy.



















"they 
                            [dogs] never talk about themselves but listen to you 
                            while you talk about yourself, and keep up an 
                            appearance of being interested in the conversation."
                            --jerome k. jerome
















							 
german shepherd breeder, german shepherd breeders, german shepherd kennels
						updated:july 03, 2011




german shepherd breeders
 









						applications and contracts


deposit contract
pet purchase contract
show / breed contract
application for purchase

						german shepherd kennels







 


















©2000-2011 - denali kennels,inc.
hosting services provided by 
		kenaz technology group





