







georgie jessup -














































 skip to main contentgeorgie jessupgeorgie jessup

winkte records
my work here ain’t yet done
georgie and marty’s big adventure
georgie’s videos
shadowboxes
georgie jessup electronic press kit


cosmic cowgirls
edith may’s paradise
contact
main contentwelcome & explore
original music in the americana genre in the baltimore, md area.
this site is full of information about my musical and other projects.
performance dates for :

georgie jessup
the cosmic cowgirls
edith may’s paradise

 
you can also find a few of the music videos from the past and from recent releases.
the photo gallery will include some of my shadow box artwork and talk a bout other projects i am involved in.
meet the cosmic cowgirls, check out our schedules and bios. we hope to include videos, future recordings, reviews, pictures, and much more.
edith may’s paradise is a listening room/house concert space that i run. we have one show a month with a featured artist and an opening act. from time to time we have songwriter’s round robins where the songwriters discuss their songs and some insights into how the song was written. we encourage the audience to ask questions and join in the discussion.
mom & pop’s toys  (coming soon)- when you come to emp you will notice many old toys and americana all over the walls and in showcases. the toys came from my father’s family’s toy store. you will see some of these toys and the history of mauler brothers.
 


 


 edith may’s paradise
“yes, you’re entering a private residence, but the moment you descend into the emp performance area, you’re going to realize that actually this private residence houses one of the best venues in the dc metropolitan area.”
– rob hinkal
30 year release celebration of american holocaust
november’s featured artists
saturday, november 9th

 
 
christina van norman – fools crow & hoka hey

 

 
 
rich morey – it takes nothing & talkin’ to myself

 
 
gold ponies – greed & where the buffalo roam
 

 
 
john seay – let us be & american holocaust
 

 
 
kurt deemer – until we dance & good day to die

 
doors open 7:00
 


 

  
 
 


 

 

copyright © 2025 · altitude pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in



