




hope house ministries – …because all life is sacred






























































 




contact your local representativehelp hope house receive a share of the $25 million secured from the opioid epidemic settlement in suffolk county - click here skip to content







 














 


search for:








homeour missionabout us board of directorsadvisory boardalumni associationoverviewhistoryprograms matt’s househope academy at little portion friarymontfort therapeutic residence & our lady of peace academypax christi hospitality centersiena housest. louis de montfort academythe sr. jean beagan o.p. family & children’s centerthe human services centerst. maximillian kolbe outpatient addictions treatment centerwisdom housefr. francis pizzarelli, smm, lcsw, acsw, dcswrequest a speakeryour dollars at workfinancialsget helpcare & treatment the psychology of hopeevents cruise of irish starspolar plunge 202550/50 “luck of the irish” rafflebowling for hope4x4x48 challengeannual golf outingrome & assisi pilgrimagethe breakfast clubpig roasthoops for hope fundraisergarden of hopeholiday partybrooklyn’s fall half marathonalumni bbqmatt’s house blessing & dedicationandy cooney christmas concertgarage salerun walk to end addictionholy weekiron man fundraiser44th anniversary celebrationnew york tenors concertevents overviewannual turkey shootouthelp wanted careershelp wantedvolunteerin the news wonderful peoplesummer/fall newsletterchristmas cardsvideosgiving options why give?donate onlinehope inspired associateshope for the future societytrust in providence endowment fundgift annuities at hope house ministriesqualified charitable distribution (qcd)tributes & memorial gifts to honor your loved onesmatching giftsdonate stockbitcoin donationsfundraise for hope house ministriessponsorsin-kind & vehicle donationscar donationwe remembercontact ushopecast






search for:











 









homeadmin_hopehouse2025-01-17t22:47:53+00:00 
mission statementhope house ministries provides compassionate, comprehensive, and competent care for the poor, the marginal, and the wounded among us. this commitment recognizes that all life is sacred and every human being is unique and has the right to be respected and protected. specifically, we are committed to young people and families in crisis, pregnant women and mothers and babies in crisis and all other wounded people witin our society, who are seen as abandoned and neglected. thus we seek to be men and women of hope in a world of shattered dreams.
donate now
the ministryupcoming events40th anniversary initiativewish listhope springs eternal second chance boutiquegrateful bread at brother’s bread bakerygarden of hopelittle portion friary meals programdisciples of inkvolunteerbuilding block woodshopfundraisealumnisupportersour storiesmemorials & dedicationsrequest a tournewsletterworkplace givingwonderful people



 
 





home 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2020. hope house ministries | all rights reserved | powered by company interface 


facebooktwitterinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 





 






















go to top






