








minnesota-wisconsin baptist convention inspiring a passion among the mwbc family to glorify christ by reaching the next generation, mobilizing volunteers, and developing leaders to start and strengthen churches.















































minnesota-wisconsin baptist convention







church leadershipchurch leadershipclinical pastoral educationthe equip networklifewaychurch plantingmwbc church plantingsend networkbecome a sending churchchurch planter pathwayevangelismdisaster reliefempower conferencecalled out conferenceequip nextgen conferencemissionshands of hopeinternational mission tripsmissouri partnershipwoman’s missionary unionaboutchurch directoryassociationscalendarstaffgive














news & announcements



ministrysafe
february 5, 2025
ministrysafe and the minnesota-wisconsin baptist convention are working together to protect children from sexual abuse. sign-up to receive $100 off your first year’s annual ministrysafe membership! for more information, visit https://ministrysafe.com/mwbc/.read more




state paper – january 2025
january 21, 2025
your minnesota-wisconsin baptist digital newspaper has arrived! download the printable file below. help us spread the word by forwarding this link to members of your church and others who may be interested in what god is doing in minnesota and wisconsin. if you are not yet subscribed to the paper, you can sign up here. we…read more




empower 2025
january 9, 2025
empower 2025 features inspiration and ideas for creating a culture of evangelism in your church. the theme for this year is “we will tell the next generation.” to register, please sign up on eventbrite. https://www.eventbrite.com/e/empower-2025-tickets-1142887259559 join tim dowdy, sandy wisdom-martin, mark croston, and john francis at empower 2025. empower is free to attendees because of…read more




heaters for north carolina
december 23, 2024
750 heaters were delivered to north carolina this morning. more will be delivered next week along with electric heaters and extension cords for those who can get in their homes that have no furnaces. thank you to everyone who participated in this!read more




lottie moon christmas offering
december 2, 2024
join the great pursuit and make jesus known among the nations. your gift supports missionary presence and gospel transformation around the world. 100% of the lottie moon christmas offering enables gospel transformation among the unreached. prayer guides and envelopes have been sent to all churches in the convention. if you did not receive them or…read more





giving made easy* to write your will, visit freewill.com/mwbc


cooperative program in action


temi & modesta akinsanya
god called temi to start a church that reaches people from african backgrounds and emphasizes pastoral care, local exposition, and the uniqueness of the african culture.  laurel, maryland, is an urban/suburban area with a population of about 100,000. while the akinsanya’s ministry at restoration church primarily focuses on reaching african nationals who have walked away […]read more



for more cp stories, visit https://www.sbc.net/resource-library/52-sundays/.


resources



the pastor’s toolbox


community connector




block party trailer


baptist foundation










minnesota-wisconsin baptist convention
inspiring a passion among the mwbc family to glorify christ by reaching the next generation, mobilizing volunteers, and developing leaders to start and strengthen churches.





about
about usfoundationstaff


privacy
privacy policycontact us


events
2025 calendar2024 calendar






© 2025 minnesota-wisconsin baptist convention | 519 16th st se | rochester, mn 55904 | (507) 282-3636 | contact@mwbc.org | facebook
















