





global ministries :: lutheran hour ministries













































 call us : +1 800 876-9880 (m-f 8am-5pm cst)
				



















𝕏













































home


about

history
leadership
board of directors
request a speaker



resources

for individuals
for community
for church leaders
all resources



media


the lutheran hour
daily devotions
broadcast guide
holiday programs
gospel adventures show
all podcasts



hispanic ministry

para el camino
sentido latino
vivenciar
cptln mobile app



global

where we work
partnerships




@ourlhm


contact us

 800 876-9880
 send us email
 subscribe
 mobile apps
 like us
 share your story
 local contacts
 volunteer
 visit us



donate

donate


give now
how you can help
planned giving
lhm foundation
constituent services staff





donate












global ministries


home


global ministries













global ministries


home


global ministries







 






globally, there are billions of people who have never heard the good news of jesus christ. god has called lutheran hour ministries (lhm) to proclaim the risen savior around the world to reach these people. operating as a global ministry network, lhm spreads the gospel in places where other christian organizations often cannot go, reaching all people who need to hear the good news.
for decades, lhm has shared christ's love with the world through a proven approach of identifying and equipping local laypeople to build their presence and impact using specific strategies and tactics contextual to the culture and language in which they serve.
further building on that model, lhm is investing in a new approach to global ministry expansion with the development of coordinated ministry activities through centralized regional locations that share media, creative, and strategic services to allow for globally dispersed ministry impact. the catalyst is a new program called the international internship program, which provides new ministries in the form of internship teams identified and developed through existing ministry center hubs. the first four teams are starting ministry in peru, nepal, the democratic republic of the congo, and kyrgyzstan, and additional teams will be identified and trained in the coming years to expand ministry into new areas around the world. 
over the next several years, lhm envisions a multidivisional global mission rooted in localized regional leadership. this will be paired with a new evangelistic ministry model based on lhm's core outreach philosophies to be applied in all regions around the world - resulting in strengthened local ownership, revenue generation, and constituent engagement. ultimately, these plans will allow lhm to reach more people around the world with the hope and comfort of the gospel.








where we work
nearly 300 staff members on the ground in more than 35 locations* create culturally relevant programs and resources that allow lhm to share the gospel with people in more than 60 countries around the world. 







africa & mid-east


cameroon ethiopia
ghana
kenya

liberia
madagascar

uganda




asia


cambodia
china
india
indonesia
korea

myanmar
sri lanka
thailand




europe


latvia
russia




latin america


argentina
chile
guatemala
jamaica
mexico
nicaragua
panama
paraguay
uruguay





ministry partners


australia
brazil
canada
england
france




* not all ministry locations are listed above due to security reasons.




 


our impact
while god's work on the human heart can never be measured, lhm has experienced considerable progress in its gospel proclamation efforts.


 




reach
a reasoned estimate of the number of times people experience the gospel each week through one of lhm's outreach programs, activities, or materials.
fiscal year 2021: 150 million
fiscal year 2022: nearly 163 million
fiscal year 2023: nearly 195 million




response
when someone intentionally provides contact information to allow lhm to follow up because of engagement with an lhm outreach program or product.
fiscal year 2021: 1,235,670
fiscal year 2022: 1,286,127
fiscal year 2023: 1,661,840








lives impacted




printed literature enhances lives in southeast asia
lhm staff and volunteers in southeast asia share the hope of the gospel through a variety of methods to demonstrate christian values to youth.
read more 



sharing the gospel visually in uganda
a hurting woman in uganda credits the christian message shared during an lhm film event with bringing hope back to her life.
read more 



project joel volunteer encourages fellow students
since being introduced to lhm's project joel program for youth, a fifth-grade girl's behavior has improved, and she has become a leader for other students.
read more 



view other stories





share it on




 






   change their world. change yours. this changes everything.    get involved  or  donate     
your browser is out-of-date!
you may need to update your browser to view lhm.org correctly.your current browser is no longer considered secure, and it is recommended that you upgrade. if you are running windows xp or vista, you may consider downloading firefox or opera for continued support. for questions, email us at lh_min@lhm.orgupdate my browser now 
×






about lhm



our faith


organization info


leadership







ambassadors



resources


sign up


lhm sunday







policies



privacy


disclaimer


accountability


disclosure statement







news & subscriptions



e-mail subscriptions


the lutheran layman


@ourlhm







connect



contact us


careers


volunteer


local contacts


promote lhm












							â©  lutheran hour ministries, all rights reserved. | 660 mason ridge center, st. louis, mo 63141
						















𝕏































 













