

the jatibonicu taino tribal nation of boriken










tribal government of thejatibonicu taino people of puerto rico


the great seal of the jatibonicu taino tribal nation of borikén


 this is an official american indian tribal government web site
 
para la version en hispano del web site
 toque aqui

one people, one nation, with one destiny
the flag of the 
jatibonicu taino tribal nation of borikén
this web site honors the memory of our taino ancestor cacique (chief) 
orocobix (rememberance of the first mountain) of the central mountain tribal nation of jatibonicu. traditionally
in our oral tribal history our people have always honored our tribal elders 
and all of our taino tribal chieftains as this is our way of remembering our 
taino community leaders and their handed down legacy.

a nitaino hereditary taino blood chief
principal chief pedro guanikeyu torres
as the sovereign principal chief of the grand council of elders of the jatibonicu 
taino tribal nation, i am honored to welcome you, in your visit to our jatibonicu taino 
tribal nation of borikén's web site.

please click on the image of the taino caney (longhouse) to enter the main 
web page of our jatibonicu taino tribal nation of borikén's home page.
hispano hablantes toquen aqui para la version del web site en español

for any further questions, comments or feedback about our tribal nation web site, please write 
to our webmaster via e-mail by clicking on the gray ciba stone.
see copyrights:
(c) 1970-2015 all rights are reserved
oor taino tribal nation's webmaster: mr. 
juan antonio perez
tribal web site spanish translator: dr. quisqueya seijo custodio
last website update was on january 18, 2015
view the taino picture history 
video and hear a somg by juan luis guerra


please view or sign our jatibonicu taino tribal nation guestbook





powered by  bravenet.com




please find what your looking for by searching our tribal nation web site 
or the internet world wide web













 





web



www.taino-tribe.org











join the live voice jatibonicu taino tribal nation 
chat room


this taino site is best viewed with sound from the microsoft explorer web browser. download it now!




vote for us in puerto rico's top sites
visit the puerto rico information web site! 


our internet web site awards











 studyweb



















copyright | 2020 | taino-tribe.org