











home - the progressive populist

























      tuesday, february 18, 2025    





                search              



                e-edition              



                subscribe              









 




			-15 °
		

			clear		

				forecast
			











your independent journal from the heartland 







advanced search









toggle navigation




main menu






home



                  news                



                  editorial 




                        letters                      




                  columnists                


                  rural routes                


                  dispatches                


                  e-edition                


                  health care                


                  hypocrisy watch                


                  satire                






























trump’s epa threatens efforts to clean up dangerous air pollution
by lisa song, propublica; in just two weeks, donald trump has made drastic changes to the environmental protection agency. here’s how they could impact 
efforts to reform toxic hot spots across the u.s. and who will be left to safeguard these communities.








 
						the billionaire coup is almost complete and no one stopped it — can we return to democracy?					
 
					how america’s ultra-rich dismantled democracy, one supreme court ruling at a time. by thom hartman				



 
						trump the merciless rules					
 
					donald trump jumped back into action jan. 20 with a flurry of lies, executive orders and presidential pardons designed to show he was back, and badder than ever. he also violated his “solemn”  …				







 
						welcome to the grifters ball					
 
					legalized bribery is still bribery — and there is no other way to describe the celebration that marks the second presidential inauguration of donald trump.

 with the menacing manner of a mob  …				




 










 storm battered louisiana town voted for trump. he has vowed to overturn the law that could fix its homes
 

						this story was originally published by propublica.					
read more.



e-editions




 




march 1, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											








 




february 15, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											



 







						your independent journal from the heartland					








editorial

don’t get distracted by chaos




						"republicans in congress began to devise a way to pay for renewal of tax cuts for billionaires under special rules that allow them to get the budget through the senate with a simple majority. but the reconciled budget cannot increase the national debt. " - jmc					

 











						a coup attempt against american taxpayers					


					by karen dolan - trump’s attempt to freeze federal funds for government services was an effort to steal our tax dollars to enrich billionaires. and he’ll try again.				










						climate crisis lowers u.s. home values					


					by frank lingo -- in case we thought the climate crisis wasn’t going to affect our personal lives, here’s a news flash. 

 no one wants to learn their home’s value is dropping but first street  …				




















						trump 2.0: the vulnerable are in the crosshairs					


					immigration groups have been warning us for months. things were going to be different during a second trump administration.

 they painted a picture of a nation at war, one in which the military  …				








						beyond 1.5°c threshold: deepeningthe climate crisis					


					the global temperature datasets from the copernicus climate change service (c3s), nasa and the met office have revealed a shocking fact that the global average temperature exceeded 1.5° celsius  …				






why i remain hopeful about america




							so many people i know — including, i suspect, many of you — are despairing over donald trump’s second regime, which started jan. 20.

 i share your fears about what’s to come.

 yet i  …						

 










bizarre: today’s politicians celebrate jerks and ignore grassroots genius







rural affairs

local producers provide quality food at affordable prices








all is quiet in omaha







dispatches

							‘republicans are gearing up for class war,’ democrat warns, as r’s push for huge medicaid cuts. policy analysts and democratic lawmakers raised alarm over the weekend at a leaked document  …						

 







						more from the heartland					











						based on merit again?					


					president donald trump issued an executive order gutting dei (diversity, equity and inclusion) programs in the federal government. employees in dei offices were placed on paid administrative leave  …				





						billionaires’ ball					


					were he around today, the great 20th century journalist h.l. mencken (1880-1956) would have a field day puncturing the pomposities of the incoming trump administration. the sage of baltimore had no  …				





manifest destiny revisited: greenlanders should scream ‘no’

							in his zeal to wrest greenland from denmark, president trump has resurrected manifest destiny. ages ago we grew our footprint, seizing texas from texas, much of the southwest from mexico, as well as  …						

 




letters



where did trump put his integrity?




the problem with technological advances




war of the words




we should house the homeless




checking the record on israel and palestine




locking up mental health centers is a step backwards





			more letters			





sen. mullin’s greatest hits

							last month, during the senate confirmation hearing for pete hegseth, the junior republican senator from oklahoma, markwayne mullin, chastised members of congress who might have abused women, while  …						

 








columnists





whiplash 2.0: split personality, now the most powerful man in the world

							somewhere in dixieland – six inches of snow covers audubon park in new orleans, something no one alive has ever seen. the santa ana winds are still whipping up the uncontrollable wildfires around  …						






it’s getting a little dark at the washington post

							there have been many political cartoonists – the political cartoonist was as much a staple of newspapers as the crossword puzzle. thomas nast is considered the “father of the american cartoon,”  …						






tragic irony in the rotunda

							donald trump won the whole monopoly game. he never went directly to jail and always passed go. timid merrick garland, the attorney general, was no match, and didn’t even buy a railroad.

 the big  …						









thinnest of skins

							science tells us that our skin becomes thinner as we age.

 the ever irascible 78 year-old skinflint trump has been demonstrating just how much thinner his skin has become.

 “i want him  …						






thinnest of skins

							science tells us that our skin becomes thinner as we age.

 the ever irascible 78 year-old skinflint trump has been demonstrating just how much thinner his skin has become.

 “i want him  …						





			more columnists			


 




find us on facebook

facebook














                  p.o. box 487 storm lake, iowa 50588
                          phone: 1-712-732-4991



sections



                  news                


                  editorial                


                  columnists                


                  rural routes                


                  dispatches                


                  e-edition                


                  health care                


                  hypocrisy watch                


                  satire                





helpful links


              about us            


              contact us            


              terms of service            




get social


 



 










        © copyright 2025 the progressive populist      

powered by creative circle media solutions








