



eco-friendly homes | green living homes | environmental home center











































environmental home center
eco-friendly solutions for your home












 




what is green living?

green living refers to making decisions which will impact the environment positively and most people now prefer to live in eco-friendly homes. there are various ideas that you can use if you want to live green. the best thing about these green living ideas is that they are simple and the changes can improve your life significantly.  
most of the people who are concerned about the environment live in energy efficient homes. these homes allow you to use less energy and this benefit the environment. the energy efficient homes use energy-efficient lighting and appliances. most of the resources which are used to produce energy are non-renewable and they are depleting at a very fast rate therefore it is important to use the energy available carefully. green homes are well insulated and this means that less energy is required to heat and cool them. eco-friendly houses are important to our future
another idea that you can use if you want to live green is using solar power. this is the source of power in most green homes because the energy produced by the sun is renewable and it is easily available. installing solar panels in your home will also help you to cut down on your electric bills. solar power is a clean form of energy and it can be used to operate various appliances. the solar panels are used to harness the energy that is produced by the sun and the installation process is not complicated.
green living also requires you to conserve water. appliances, fixtures and toilets in eco-friendly homes are designed to use less water. water is one of the natural resources which are depleting at a rapid rate therefore you need to conserve it. one of the best ways to conserve water in green homes is to recycle it. recycling allows you to use the same water for different purposes. you can use your washing and bathing water for the toilets to conserve this natural resource. 
green homes avoid the use of toxic products because they are harmful to the outdoor environment. eco-friendly homes use non-toxic pest control and cleaning products. the products you use in your home should be made from plants because they are less harmful. it is also better to use products that have been grown locally because they are more likely to be organic. 
green living also involves using products which can be reused. when you go shopping, make sure you carry a canvas bag instead of using the plastic bags offered in the stores. green homes encourage recycling and this is one of the best ways to promote green living. it is also important to recycle your electronic devices instead of dumping them. 
green living is all about making responsible choices. energy efficient homes are easy to achieve by making some simple changes that are inexpensive without having to take guaranteed loans. turn off the lights in rooms you are not using and install some energy saving bulbs if the area you live in does not have enough sunlight to allow the use of solar power. 
how is global warming affecting us
global warming has had adverse effects across the world since it began and this is one of the reasons why people are choosing to live in green homes. the effects of global warming are extensive and interrelated. this phenomenon is attributed to the depletion of natural resources and this is why it is important for people to embrace energy efficient homes. it affects human health and the environment in general.  effects of global warming
one of the effects is the change in global weather. most countries across the world are experiencing extreme weather. there is an increase in the number of earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and droughts. the extreme weather has affected some of the developing countries where resources are limited therefore it is difficult to deal with the situation. the use of eco-friendly homes is considered to be an effective way of dealing with the crisis because it will reduce the use of natural resources and this is why solar power has become an alternative for most homes. 
most of the ecosystems have also been affected by global warming and according to researchers; a significant percentage of the world’s bird species and mammals will be extinct in about 30 years. this has been attributed to human activities which have disrupted the ecosystems and one of the ways to deal with this problem is the use of green homes. these homes require less energy and the products used are friendly to the environment. solar panels are common in energy efficient homes. the solar panels make it possible to produce energy from the sun. 
global warming has also had a negative impact on human health. most people are suffering from the effects of this phenomenon because of the extreme weather that is experienced in various parts of the world. as a result of this phenomenon, winters and summers have become very harsh. during summer, many people die as a result of heat waves while others die from cold weather in winter. the extreme weather has also increased vector-borne diseases like malaria. to stop the spread of global warming, solar power should be used in green homes because it does not require coal or oil to produce it. 
the way we use technology today should also be limited. studies have shown that microwave radiation transmitted from cell phones can both by unhealthy for people and the environment. today mobile phones are used by millions of people worldwide to communicate, play games , listening to music, or store various data, so it will be extremely difficult to make people realize the risks involved with using their mobiles and furthermore prevent them from using them less.
global warming has also reduced natural resources in the world and this means that people have to compete for limited ones. the competition for natural resources has already resulted in war between some countries. oil is one of the most sought after natural resources in the world but its supply is rapidly decreasing therefore it is time to embrace solar power in homes. energy efficient homes are safer for the environment and your health. the energy produced by the sun is renewable therefore there is no competition for solar power.  
economies across the world have also been affected by global warming especially the ones which rely on oil. oil is one of the most important resources in the modern world and its dwindling reserves have affected the economy in most countries. this is one of the reasons why governments are encouraging the use of solar power and eco-friendly homes.   
how can eco-friendly homes help
eco-friendly homes offer a lot of benefits for the environment and help you save money. they help to save energy as well and provide a healthy environment for your family to live in. conventional homes use a considerable amount of energy therefore it is better to live in energy efficient homes. you use a lot of resources each day to cook, do laundry and clean your home. most of these resources are natural therefore it is important to look for ways to reduce consumption to help the environment.  
eco-friendly homes are designed to reduce the amount of water you use each day.  water is one of the resources that is used in a home and most of it goes to waste. green homes allow you to use this essential resource more than once. this is referred to as the gray water concept. the concept allows you to use water from your bathroom for the toilet or garden. this means that you will spend less on water bills and save one of the most important resources. help save the environment and cut electrical bills
energy-efficient homes are also a great advantage if you are trying to save the environment and reduce your electric bills. green homes use energy-saving light bulbs which require less electricity to function. to reduce the amount of energy that you use in your home, you can also get solar power. this requires solar panels which are usually installed on the roof to harness energy from the sun. it is wise to invest in solar panels for your home because they reduce the use of electricity. electricity is usually produced by burning coal or oil and this has a negative effect on the environment therefore it is better to use solar power. 
eco-friendly homes are built using friendly materials which are renewable and safe. some of the materials used for green homes include straw bale, fsc timber and lime plaster. these materials do not affect the health of your family and save the non-renewable resources. some of the building materials which are used in conventional homes have harmful substances which can affect the health of your family.  
it requires less energy to heat or cool green homes and this means that you end up saving a lot of money each money. some of the appliances that are used to ensure a home is properly cooled or heated produce harmful gases and they also use natural resources which need to be saved therefore it is better to live in energy-efficient homes that have also have features that could be managed remotely via a computer or an electronic device like a mobile phone. the materials used in these homes do not let in a lot of heat or cold therefore you can maintain reasonable temperatures in the house without using electronic appliances. 
green homes are usually more expensive to construct compared to the conventional houses and this is one of the reasons why some people are reluctant about building them but energy-efficient homes will actually save you more money in the long run. they are also an advantage to the environment because they limit the use of non-renewable resources. 
click here to view 10 green-built home awarded the 2010 eco home design award.

























pageshome
eco-friendly home improvements
green home building
creating an eco-friendly garden
diy green energy
green tips
how to compost
contact

   






pagescontact
creating an eco-friendly garden
diy green energy
eco-friendly home improvements
green home building
green tips
how to compost
privacy policy
what is green living?
 archives


categoriesno categories 





































			copyright © 2011-2015 environmentalhomecenter.com | 
            privacy policy 














