 

















daisy mae – deep sea fishing charters / florida charter fishing





































 



 





                skip to content            



 (727) 442-1502 

 

 

 













book now

 toggle navigation    

home
boats

daisy mae 7
daisy mae 8


prices
things you need
book now
 






daisy mae vii is a 30ft island hopper, which is well known around the world as one of top notch fishing machine. it has a 12 ft beam in the back to allow room for 6 anglers to enjoy a great day on the water.when booking a fishing trip with daisy mae fishing charters in dunedin, florida expect to reel a big catch! check out some photos from recent fishing trips we’ve taken on our fishing charters.a matching 30ft island hopper, which is well known around the world as one of top notch fishing machine. it has a 12 ft beam in the back to allow room for 6 anglers to enjoy a great day on the water.







welcome to daisy mae fishing charters!


serving dunedin, clearwater, clearwater beach, tarpon springs, tampa, st petersburg and orlando.  the daisy mae deep sea fishing fleet is conveniently located in west central florida at the dunedin marina minutes away from clearwater beach and honeymoon island. our climate is rated one of the best offshore saltwater fishing charter experience in north america.
we have more days of calm seas than just about any location in florida and the us. not to mention some of the best sport fishing in the country.
west central florida and the tampa bay area is the grouper fishing capital of the world and our offshore blue water fishing for marlin, sailfish, wahoo and big tuna is second to none!






book your charter now










daisy mae fishing charters llc offers florida charter saltwater fishing trips from 4 hours to 12 hours and more to suit even the most extreme angler.
in the spring, summer and fall we catch king mackerel, spanish mackerel, barracuda, bonito, tuna, dolphin, wahoo, sailfish, grouper, snapper and more. in the winter we catch grouper, snapper, amberjack and many other reef fish.





 west central and clearwater beach florida offers not only great saltwater sport fishing charters but is home to many other interesting and fun activities for you to enjoy in the tampa bay area. whether you like a simple four hour family fishing trip or an exotic offshore extreme sport fishing adventure, the charter fishing boat fleet of daisy mae would like to be your host for a great florida fishing adventure.
so let’s go fishing on one of the charter boats of daisy mae fishing charters. out of beautiful dunedin marina, florida! deep sea saltwater fishing for grouper and snapper charters to sport fishing for kingfish, mackerel, barracuda and more! we are your one stop fishing resource for florida fishing charters! we have been fishing offshore in florida’s gulf for over 70 years. photos of recent catches are on our web site. sparkling dunedin and clearwater beach florida is our home, serving orlando, tampa and the greater tampa bay area. grouper fishing report on the web every month for your fishing enjoyment. we hope to see you soon!





the grouper fishing capital of the world


deep sea fishing on the gulf of mexico for grouper and snapper is good most any time of the year. other offshore saltwater fish such as kingfish, cobia, tuna, amberjack, spanish mackerel, dolphin, shark, barracuda, permit, and mahi are all caught as they seasonally migrate through the deep sea waters of the gulf of mexico offshore of tampa, florida.


book now



connect with daisy mae fishing charters




daisy mae fishing charters
















 






daisy mae
prices
what to expect
location – dunedin marina
book now
 © 2025 daisy mae fishing co | a westshore web.
 
































