














































































university of missouri health care



























      skip to main content
    





 






patient login


make an appointment


refer a patient


careers












find a doctor


conditions & treatments


locations


your visit


pay your bill


about us






giving


patient stories


contact us


for referring providers






patient login


make an appointment


refer a patient


careers









 


573-882-4141










 






view all 
conditions & treatments

  

no results


view all 
doctors

 

















no results




view all 
locations

 



no results


view all 
pages

  

no results














close

winter weather closures

the sam b. cook healthplex fitness center in jefferson city will delay opening until 7 a.m. on wednesday, february 19 due to inclement weather.
learn more








 





find a doctor


conditions & treatments


locations


your visit


pay your bill


about us



more 



main more

close



giving


patient stories


contact us


for referring providers










 












 



learn more








get started


make an appointment
find a doctor
find a location
patient login
billing & insurance







changing the world of medicine
as an academic health center, mu health care brings innovation and discovery to the field of medicine, helping to improve lives through game-changing research, treatments and unmatched expertise.
find a doctor














care that makes lives better





 

primary care








 

specialty care








 

our facilities







your mu health care
 





we make keeping track of your health easy. whether you use our app or visit our website, your health care information is at your fingertips. you can schedule an appointment, request prescription refills and get answers to your health questions.



sign up
get your activation code today


log in 
view your health records






























our stories


view all stories











taking his second chance seriously: shawn’s widow-maker heart attack story









a shot at success: andrea’s weight loss story














starting a new workout? 6 things to know about muscle soreness









one team, one heartbeat: dan’s heart attack story














human doing vs. human “being”: meditation for beginners












how to play with your child at any age (and aid their development while you’re at it)











closing the gap: eli’s esophageal atresia story












9 resolutions our doctors are making and why: 2025 edition














got big fitness goals? 7 tips to prevent overtraining












more than snoring: 6 things everyone should know about obstructive sleep apnea











a mother’s bond and a surgeon’s promise: lori’s appendectomy story









teaming up for one goal: lia’s acl tear recovery














tipping points and trickle-down effects — 6 things to know about parental stress












problems peeing? 6 things all men should know about enlarged prostate














best age-appropriate gifts — according to child development experts









making treatment possum-ble: sophie’s osteosarcoma story














‘tis the season: 5 things to know about rsv and young children












6 things to know about loneliness and your health














looking beyond a lump — 5 other signs of breast cancer









energy and resilience: bennett sets the tone for team approach to leukemia











changing cystic fibrosis care, one less cough at a time: hannah’s story












preventing sports injuries in young athletes — 7 tips every parent should know














not just for joint pain — 4 reasons to use platelet-rich plasma (prp) for your face and hair












are you taking too many medications? 7 questions to ask yourself











where to get your flu shot









pain-free knee: new joint keeps mike kelly’s broadcast streak alive














an unexpected turn — raising a child with spina bifida












4 ways chronic stress affects the heart — and how to protect yourself














thinking about getting your hormone levels tested? 7 things to know









pumped full of surprises: makayla’s leukemia story














from childhood to post-menopause — how to protect your bone health at every age












exhausted and stressed? 4 tips for dealing with burnout














summer sun, winter dryness and everything in between — your guide to seasonal skin care









scanning for solutions: 7t mri brings new hope in epilepsy treatment











4 tips for holiday fireworks safety 












beyond sunscreen — 6 surprising facts to help you prevent skin cancer














difficult conversation starters: talking to your doctor about erectile dysfunction












can’t ditch the desk? 5 ways to stay active at work











4 questions to ask yourself when considering weight loss surgery












pound the pavement or pump iron? how to prioritize workouts as you age














pms symptoms — 5 ways to know what’s normal and what’s not












sunny, breezy and… sneezy — can you develop seasonal allergies as an adult? 











helping him be the 1%: scott’s pancreatic cancer story









scoliosis surgery: managing expectations for vbt and psf











hands-on approach: tucker’s palmar hyperhidrosis story












difficult conversation starters: talking to your doctor about urinary incontinence














5 differences between botox and fillers — and what to know before getting either












experiencing a difficult pregnancy or birth? 7 truths about prenatal and postpartum mom guilt











free of pain, full of hope: deann’s g-poem story












controllable vs. uncontrollable risk factors: 6 ways to take control of your heart health











twin sisters, one sweet success: allison’s journey to beating mono mono odds












difficult conversation starters: talking to your doctor about sexual health














protein power play or nay — 5 reasons eating too much protein could be a bad idea 









cheese and expertise: fixing kora jean’s duodenal atresia














do you have “adult adhd”? 5 clues it’s more than stress or mental load












beyond pelvic pain: 6 ways endometriosis may affect your pregnancy plans














think your kid could have adhd? 5 things to know









screening surprise: catching larry’s heart condition with a simple score 














worried your child has autism? 5 things to know












diagnosis limbo? what happens when doctors don’t know what’s wrong














“my child has cancer” — how one dad coped with his son’s diagnosis 









building strength one lego brick at a time: ezra’s pediatric cancer story














7 resolutions our doctors are making and why: 2024 edition












period pain? 6 surprising facts to know about endometriosis














primary care questions to ask at every age









double vision, single focus: scott’s second chance after complex stroke surgery














i got diagnosed with degenerative arthritis — now what?












can your own blood relieve joint pain? 6 things to know about platelet-rich plasma (prp) injections














not just for athletes and accidents — 7 surprising facts about concussions












an out-of-body experience: leigh ann’s high-risk breast cancer story














breaking down myths about midwives












8 tips for talking to your child about death














family member diagnosed with cancer? what that means for your health












how to boost your kid’s immunity














6 things i’d never do — advice for parents from a pediatrician












5 tips to avoid brightsiding at the doctor’s office














have gestational diabetes? 6 things to know about this pregnancy and beyond












antidepressants not working? 7 possible reasons (and what to do)














raising an athlete? the benefits of exposing your kid to multiple sports












ignoring your mental health? 6 ways your body feels the impact














ice isn’t always the answer — 7 tips for treating a minor injury at home 












are greens powders worth it? 7 things to consider














6 things i’d never do — vaginal health advice from a gynecologist












problems in the bathroom and bedroom? it could be pelvic organ prolapse














tms therapy for depression: boot camp for the brain












5 things i’d never do — pregnancy advice from an ob/gyn














what it’s like to pioneer a procedure: vertebral body tethering (vbt)












what’s it like to be a living kidney donor?














it’s legal but is it safe? 7 things to consider before self-medicating with marijuana












8 surprising facts about menopause and perimenopause














joint pain in your 30s and 40s: why it happens and how to handle it












the gut-brain connection — does it go beyond butterflies? linking gut and mental health














5 things i’d never do — advice from a colorectal surgeon












shades of skin care — how to care for 5 common conditions in skin of color














becoming forgetful? 6 underlying issues that may be causing your memory loss












5 things to know before trying weight loss medications














5 new year’s resolutions our doctors are making and why












feeling sad? 4 sleep hygiene tips to help with seasonal depression














healthy eating doesn’t have to be boring — 6 ways to make it fun












7 things i’d never do — advice from a urologist














think age is causing your heartburn, bloat or other digestive issues? think again.












hair care in health care — why it matters for all hair types














110 blood units and 3 flatlines later, i’m alive: abby’s story












6 things you can do now to prepare for a medical emergency later














is ketamine the latest psychedelic breakthrough in treating depression?












7 ways to help parents of children with special needs














are plants and dairy the newest powerful superfood pairing?












called back after your mammogram? answers to 5 common questions














6 must-ask questions when you (or your child) are sick












building breastfeeding support for black women














did you know: growing pains aren’t real — 5 facts about pain in growing kids












eating healthy across cultural cuisines: asian food














planning to breastfeed? 7 facts to guide your expectations












eating healthy across cultural cuisines: american food














feeling anxious at work? 5 ways to alleviate anxiety in your workspace












antibiotic overuse and misuse — 4 risks you should know














“so this is what it feels like to be a parent” — overcoming postpartum depression












is it stress or anxiety? 5 ways to tell the difference














eating healthy across cultural cuisines: soul food












dealing with changing skin? how to troubleshoot your skin care routine














eating healthy across cultural cuisines: mexican food












considering the snip? 7 vasectomy facts you should know














3 common workout-related injuries for women (and how to avoid them)












you don’t need to have sex to get hpv — 6 surprising facts about hpv














11 things i learned about having a child with special needs












how to talk to your kids about war — 5 tips to get you started














kegels don’t fix everything — 6 surprising facts about pelvic floor therapy












i think my kid is allergic to our pet — now what?














a parent’s guide to managing teens and social media — 6 tips to know












listen to your heart: learn the subtle signs of heart attack in women














the magic of music: how music therapy helps premature babies thrive












personalized medicine — what is it and how is it used?














5 truths about life as a medical researcher — two researchers open up












5 daily habits that can (surprisingly) impact your heart














should you talk to your kids about weight?












are millennials as healthy as they think they are?














making it through the diagnosis waiting game












5 lifesaving first aid skills you need to learn right now














behind the scenes: building a brand-new children’s hospital












over the age of 20? time to talk cholesterol levels — here’s why 














back-to-school anxiety in children: what to watch out for












a behind-the-scenes look at egg-freezing technology














covid-19: baby bust or baby boom?












the science behind the “mom bod”: permanent and temporary changes caused by pregnancy














6 things your ob/gyn wants you to know about your lady bits












fertility is a journey, and after two and a half years, here’s mine














15 parenting hacks from the kid experts themselves, aka pediatricians












brain hacks: 4 ways to avoid emotional hijacking (and keep yourself in check)














healthy eating hacks: 3 ways to make over any meal












3 ways to honor black history with your family














black history month: the anniversary month of a year-long effort












breaking down the science behind mrna vaccines














if you snooze, do you really lose?












weird skin conditions to expect when you’re expecting














100 marathons and counting












new year’s resolutions your doctor wishes you’d make














why is it so hard to keep resolutions? (and how to change your ways)












can men suffer from postpartum depression?














should you ship your stool?












is gratitude the key to a healthy life?














10 days left with the girls: one woman’s countdown to a double mastectomy












personalized vitamin services — are they legit?














pandemic weight gain — it’s a thing












change in a changing autism world














sorry to tell you, but your weirdest symptoms may just be stress












why are birth outcomes different for women of color?














covid-19 handwashing leaving you chapped? nurse your hands back to health with these dermatologist tips












maternity leave under quarantine














my wife is pregnant with our first baby during a pandemic — here’s our experience












premature aging: the four biggest culprits to watch for














breaking down antibody testing












just how safe are pool floaties?















 


573-882-4141


 
 
 
 










patients & families


contact us
billing, insurance, and financial assistance
giving
cheer cards
patient stories
your visit








additional information


for referring providers 
employee intranet
media/newsroom
social media
feedback
price transparency
surprise billing protections
privacy policy








affiliates


university of missouri
clinical affiliates
mu school of medicine
mu college of health sciences
mu school of nursing
capital region medical center








quick links


mizzou pharmacy
mizzou quick care
telehealth
urgent care
emergency room
lab and blood draw locations
patient portal information













copyright © 2024 — curators of the university of missouri. all rights reserved. dmca and other copyright information.
equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro disabled & veteran employer.
for website information, contact the mu health care communications. disclaimer






























