

new england travel and vacation ideas - visitingnewengland

























home
connecticut
maine
massachusetts
new hampshire
rhode island
vermont
attractionsdining outabout us
contact



















new
england travel ideas for 2025



nubble lighthouse at
sunrise in york, maine.


welcome to my new england
travel, vacation and dining out site. i am eric hurwitz, publisher and
editor of visitingnewengland and author of massachusetts town greens.
consider me your local go-to guy for the best of connecticut, maine,
massachusetts, new hampshire, rhode island and vermont road trip
itineraries. i also write detailed feature stories on locally-owned
small businesses
in new england that i highly recommend! we are one of the longest
running largest new
england travel web sites in the world (since 2001) with more than 1,500
articles to
read on the main site and its blogs. stories on visitingnewengland
include those on lighthouses, country stores, coastal maine, fresh
local seafood, and of
course, where to find the most delicious new england clam
chowder. but that's just the beginning -- read this web ste like a
good, long book!

ultimately, you'll be
reading articles on what makes the six-state region so special and
unique. i also take almost all of the photographs on this web site so
you can get a good visual of the given destinations.
so, stay awhile to start planning your new england vacation and travel
and enjoy the online journey!


featured new england stories, january
2025







34 small new england towns and
cities that make you feel like you're in a hallmark movie





diners to love in new england





discovering an authentic country store near boston and providence





hidden coastal gem: stonington, conn.






get the recipe: legendary durgin park new england clam
chowder





what it feels like to visit york beach, maine





classic boston neighborhood restaurant: the pleasant cafe







the ultimate highway rest stop: common man roadside, hooksett, n.h.








dining out new england travel roadtrip: delicious lobster rolls





the most historic town greens in massachusetts
rockport harbor, mass.






memorable new england travel: sunapee harbor, n.h.


salem cross inn, west brookfield, mass.






walpole
in
pictures new england photo galleries 




_______________________________________________________________







stories about locally-owned small businesses in new england

here's somethig
you will never see on a new england travel blog: a dedicated section
with stories on small businesses in new england! i love these small
businesses and greatly believe in what they do. that is why i wrote
about them. now is more important than ever to tell the story on small
businesses in america, and, specifically here, on local small
businesses. 

if you feel that your small business would be of
interest to travelers in our region, please write to us.
while we have
a very selective process (only businesses i feel a connection to so i
can write authentically and truthfully for our readers), i would love
to hear your story and why your business is special. it's a win-win: i
get to write about great small businesses and share it amongst our
significant social media audience, while you help support my small
business. 

here's what we have so far -- be sure to support these local business
during your vacation or travels to our area...

1829 country store, mansfield, mass.
-
new england country store charm and authenticity can be found virtually
every step of the way at this historic landmark location.

mariano's ristorante, pepperell, mass.
-  located near the new hampshire border, this cozy, welcoming
restaurant rivals the best of the north end of boston with its
delicious italian cuisine.

the common man roadside millyard,
manchester, n.h.
-  a relatively new restaurant located in manchester's historic
millyard
district, the common man roadside millyard impresses us greatly with
its rustic new hampshire ambiance for breakfast lunch and dinner.

sunnyside gardens floral shop,
hopkinton, mass.
-- this is the ultimate small town floral shop that has been in
business for generations. nice to see pride of ownership and that local
customer service touch.

pickity place, mason, n.h. -
enjoy a delicious five-course gourmet meal in little red riding hood's
grandmother's house in the middle of the new hampshire woods. of
course,
there's a lot more to this place so you'll just have to read the full
story!

bull run restaurant, shirley, mass.
- a historic restaurant dating back to colonial times, the current
version keeps getting better and better with its diverse menu for all
budgets and a commitment to sourcing food locally. the old-fashioned
traditional local ambiance is off-the-charts appealing here.

port city pretzels, portsmouth, n.h.
-- life can take some unusual twists. this pretzel company's owner,
fortunately, overcame many traumatic challenges en route to creating a
truly special small business.

alamo bbq and tequila bar, brookline,
n.h. -- if looking for delicious texas-style bbq and
atmosphere
without going to texas, this is your place.

the juice bar, norwood, mass.
-- owner marci pastorio, a hard-working immigrant from brazil, has
taken healthy drinks and food to the next level at her highly likable
woman-owned business.

len libby candies, scarborough, maine
-- this famous candy house dates back to 1926 with its classic homemade
chocolate and candy recipes wonderfully held intact. len libby is also
home to lenny the moose, a lifelike-sized chocolate moose!

sandy's chill spot, bellingham, mass.
-- i love ice cream stands but especially hidden, off-the-beaten-path
ice cream stands like sandy's that serve a huge variety of soft and
hard ice cream.

jo's american bistro, newport, r.i.
-- located in one of the united states' great coastal vacation cities,
jo's
american bistro is my go-to restaurant in newport. the quaint
atmosphere, scratch cuisine and fabulous camaraderie amongst owner,
staff and customers all add up to a highly likable dining experience.
try the lobster bisque and lobster carbonara first!

jonathan's ogunquit, maine --
owner jonathan west bought his parents' home in the late 70s and
transformed it into
one of maine's best, most famous restaurants. jonathan is down-to-earth
and
loves bringing in food from his local farm. jonathan's is our favorite
restaurant in new england, click on the link to find out why.

crisp, walpole, mass. -- south
shore-style bar pizza has a strong local following and with good
reason: it's deliciously addictive. crisp does a fantastic job at
creating these pies and, as an added bonus, features a case of yummy
baked goods from the legendary montillio's bakery in quincy.

dimillo's on the water, portland, maine
-- housed in a huge car ferry, this waterside restaurant in business
since the 1960s sources most of its seafood from within one-mile of the
restaurant. amazing seafood, incredible water views!

red apple farm, phillipston, mass.
-- more than just an apple farm, the fourth-generation-owned red apple
farm also features a country store with baked goods (you've got to try
the apple cider doughnuts) and a brew barn. classic family destination
spot!


dining room at the newburyport
lighthouse, newburyport, mass.
- this is the only lighthouse in the united states where you can dine
at the top. the coastal views are incredible. it is the ultimate date
night out, special occasion destination, new england style.

crack'd kitchen and coffee, andover,
mass.
--  my favorite place in massachusetts for breakfast sandwiches. i
love the sunny, welcoming nature of the eatery, as well.

the common man roadside, hooksett, n.h.
-- these north and southbound highway service centers are unlike any
you've ever seen in the six-state region. it's almost like the common
man roadside is like a
destination en route to your destination.

watson's candies, walpole, mass.
-- watson's has been a walpole staple since 1932. the handmade
chocolates are to die for.

beyond full, hopedale, mass. --
this is the only restaurant in massachusetts that we know of located in
a town hall building. mouthwatering burgers, over-the-top shakes and
huge breakfasts highlight the menu.

father's kitchen & taphouse, east
sandwich, mass.
-- we love cape cod restaurants that aren't overpriced, overhyped
tourist traps. this local, welcoming and cozy restaurant and bar meets
our criteria. highly recommended: the humongous, tender fish sandwich.
you'll never want the mcdonald's version again!

coast guard house, narragansett, r.i.
-- locally-caught seafood expertly prepared and presented and stunning
coastal views from the indoor and outdoor dining areas make the coast
guard house one of our go-to local restaurants. 

cj's great west grill, manchester, n.h.
-- this lively, spacious family-friendly restaurant incorporates 
america's diverse, regional cuisine under one roof. it's all about the
food here with a chef that really knows what she is doing.

thwaites market, methuen, mass.
-- one hundred-plus-years old, thwaites is best known for its
incredible english pork pies. some say the pies are tastier here than
in england!

cheesy street grill, natick,
westborough service plazas (massachusetts turnpike)
-- love the grilled cheese sandwiches here, especially the ones with
short rib. our favorite place to eat on the turnpike, by far.

oliva's market, deli, catering and
gourmet gifts, milford, mass.
-- this wonderful family-run dates back to the 1960s but never seems
dated. they make all their homemade italian meals, sandwiches and
desserts with love as the main ingredient. it's like a taste of
boston's north end in the suburbs with the nicest, most genuine people
happily serving regular and new customers.

four seas ice cream, centerville,
mass. (cape cod)
-- this iconic cape cod ice cream parlor has long served most yummy and
sometimes unusual ice cream cones without cutting corners and going
trendy with items like mix-ins. four seas make its ice cream in house,
as well as its whipped cream. they also make a delicious lobster
sandwich. taylor swift once enjoyed a cone here. so can you! my
favorite flavors: the cantaloupe and strawberry -- the latter made in
june with fresh strawberries brought from a farm just down the street.

lobstah on a roll, boston, mass.
-- this no-frills storefront serves fresh, oversized lobster rolls --
one coming in at five ft. long with more than 16 lbs. of lobster meat!

winfrey's fudge and chocolates,
rowley, mass.
-- if you love homemade fudge and chocolates, this should be your
starting point. i took a private tour of the kitchen and it's amazing
the detail they put into their premier-sourced ingredients and the
final products. there's also a wonderful small business success story
behind this close-knit family-owned and operated business.

jasper white's summer shack,
cambridge, mass.
-- imagine an updated seafood shack, open year-round, with every type
of
seafood that matters when it comes to new england dining. that would be
the summer shack. for starters, try the pan roasted lobster, it is
out-of-this-world great.

country
kitchen donuts, millis and
walpole,
mass. -- there's something so endearing and lovable
about a local doughnut shop. this is one of the best around.

mike's restaurant, fairhaven, mass.
-- mike's comes across as the restaurant version of a dear old friend
-- loyal, comforting, warm in nature and always there for you. the
chowder, local seafood and prime rib highlight the old school menu.

thornes marketplace, northampton, mass.
-- a great mix of shops and places to eat proves that main street usa
is still alive and well at this wonderfully re-purposed, historic
building block.

tessie's bar & kitchen, walpole,
mass.
-- we love the hometown vibe overlooking the quaint walpole town green,
the brick and baseball themes and the amazing grass-fed burgers.

the whoo(pie) wagon, topsfield, mass.
-  our favorite place for homemade whoopie pies. incredible to
think the beginnings of this business started at a home kitchen table
and now they sell more than 18,000 whoopie pies a year!

when pigs fly bakery and pizzeria,
kittery, maine -- this famous bread shop also features a
full-service restaurant, serving some of the tastiest wood-fired pizza
imaginable.

parker's pub, wrentham, mass.
-- another "don't judge a book by its cover" restaurant, this hidden
gem serves comfort foods at its best -- and with an impressive drinks
list, too. chef t.j. is a master at creating familiar foods with a
twist!

p.j.'s smoke "n" grill, medway, mass.
-- no need to head down south for authentic smoked foods. owner paul
rogers creates that culinary magic in this small boston suburb. he is a
student of the craft and clearly makes the dean's list!

flaky crust pies, norton, mass.
-- this friendly mom and pop-style pie shop does sweet and savory pies
better than those overhyped, media darling-type of bakeries that think
they are really good.

rosetta's italian restaurant, canton,
mass.
-- if every town and city had an italian-american restaurant like
rosetta's... thank you, owner, carlo gaita, for having served in the
marines and now, in retirement, serving us at your fantastic, homey
little
restaurant!

reasons to be cheerful ice cream
parlor, west concord, mass.
-- great homemade ice cream and wonderful community atmosphere and
outreach within a charming section of concord. what's not to love?

central house tavern, westborough,
mass.
--  for those of you who love an unpretentious neighborhood
restaurant with comfort foods done right, this is your place. if
residing in westborough, i'd be here at least a few times a week. owner
dan flood is a great guy and has really taken central house to the next
level.

copper door restaurant, bedford, n.h.
-- fine dining without being stuffy best describes the copper door.
what a beautiful-looking restaurant with top-notch food and a
salt-of-the-earth staff.

the charred oak tavern, middleboro,
mass.
-- fresh, local seafood, an impressive whiskey selection and a
wonderfully comfortable atmosphere highlight the dining experience at
this bustling downtown middleboro restaurant. my favorite restaurant
south of boston, to date.

summer scoops at osborne nursery,
plainville, mass. -- here's a place where you can enjoy some
yummy ice cream and also buy materials to improve your home. i'm not
kidding.

coastal roasters, tiverton, r.i.
-- what a nice combination: freshly roasted coffee and coastal views.
this quirky micro roaster constantly brings crowds in a space not much
larger than your living and dining room.

ken's n.y. style deli and brick oven
pizzeria, bedford, mass.
-- imagine an eatery that is part diner, part pizzeria and part
full-service restaurant. that is ken's, one of my all-time favorite
places to eat, locally.

schoolhouse ice cream, burlington,
mass.
-- burlington area residents can often be seen in the summer lining up
for up to a half hour wait at this hometown ice cream parlor. owner rob
stanley and crew make all schoolhouse's ice cream on the premises and
the results are often spectacular. this is one of the great hidden ice
cream places in new england -- many outside of burlington don't even
know about this gem. they should.

red heat tavern, bedford, mass.
-- a most unique cooking process adds incredible flavor to popular
grilled foods at this lively, local chain restaurant that, by the way,
doesn't act like a chain.

arturo's ristorante, westborough, mass.
-- for those who want a taste of the north end of boston, this suburban
boston and worcester italian restaurant goes far beyond expectations.

simple man saloon, clinton, mass.
-- owner jon paige named his restaurant-bar-music venue after a lynyrd
skynyrd song. it's more than just a name, though -- the simple man
satisfies on so many levels. jon is the epitome of a hard-working small
business owner who finally found his career niche. we are blessed that
he did.

granfanallys, salem, n.h. -- if
you want to get into a new york pizza state of mind, this is your
place. this roadside restaurant definitely ranks in my top five for
best pizza in new england. they also happen to make an top-notch burger.

cabbyshack,
plymouth, mass. --
this waterfront restaurant at plymouth harbor is best known for its
thick, chock-full-of-clams new england clam chowder but the appeal goes
far beyond that one menu item.

providence gpub, providence, r.i.
-- you have to go underground to find this restaurant -- the descent is
well worth the ascent to excellent comfort food cuisine and ambiance.

hayward's ice cream stand, nashua, n.h.
-- high butterfat content, proper storage (no freezer burn here) and
creativity with flavors do indeed result in premium homemade ice cream.
hayward's is definitely on our best in new england ice cream list.

pleasant cafe, roslindale (boston
neighborhood), mass. -- my favorite old school boston
neighborhood restaurant. this unpretentious spot has undergone only one
ownership change since 1937! best known for its mouthwatering pizzas.

winsmith mill market, norwood, mass.
-- this impressive hidden gem in a sprawling former tannery building
specializes in
vendors selling shabby chic items and antiques. be prepared to spend a
full morning or afternoon at this maze of amazing merchandise. 

fred's franks, wakefield, mass.
-- fred's franks has no official address but this hot dog stand
certainly addresses our quest for delicious hot dogs. the scenic lake
views make the experience that much more pleasant. owner carl overcame
a lot of adversity to find his career calling in life. please check out
the full story.

cupcake charlie's, massachusetts and rhode
island locations -- cupcakes are no longer a trend but
cupcake charlie's keeps thriving more now than ever. why is that?
because they know that a great-tasting cupcake is timeless.

woodman's essex, mass. -- the
"birthplace of the fried clam" will make you happy as a clam. located
on appropriately-named clam highway, this multi-generation family-owned
business continues to be the ultimate new england seafood shack.

knead doughnuts, providence, r.i.
-- knead acts as the prototype on how to make a delicious homemade
doughnut: use a few simple natural ingredients, get creative but not
weird
in flavor choices and serve a large size instead of the shrunken,
watery, artificial-tasting chain versions. 

b.t.'s smokehouse, sturbridge, mass.
-- many say b.t.'s makes the best bbq foods in new england. i would
concur. this no frills roadhouse restaurant is now the third most
popular attraction in sturbridge -- noteworthy, since they haven't been
around that long.

centerville pie company, centerville, mass.
(cape cod) -- this humble little storefront turns out some
of the best sweet and savory pies we tasted in new england. oprah
winfrey reportedly loves the chicken pies here.

normandy
farms campground, foxborough, mass. -- located between boston and
providence, this campground takes camping to the next level. take a
look at some of the photos in the story for proof!

cushman market & cafe, north amherst,
mass. -- clearly, special things happen when a former
dentist
and architect husband and wife team open up a quirky,
off-the-beaten-path market and cafe.

kelly's roast beef, revere beach, mass.
-- this legendary oceanside food stand dates back to 1951 and
specializes in comfort food classics like heaping roast beef
sandwiches, huge lobster rolls and amply-served whole fried clam plates.

hager's farm market, shelburne, mass.
-- located in western massachusetts on route 2's mohawk trail, it's all
about shopping and buying local at this warm, welcoming family-owned
and operated farm.

mystic sweets, mystic, conn. --
a master chocolatier brings sweet culinary offerings to this colorful,
old-fashioned downtown mystic candy and ice cream shop. my favorite mom
and pop shop to visit in mystic!

anthi frangiadis associates, new bedford,
mass. -- art and architectural services highlight this
downtown new bedford small business. it's so nice to see such a
talented person like anthi bring together her career passions and
community-oriented spirit for the public to experience.

depot street tavern, milford, mass.
-- adams hicks didn't like the food scene in his area so he decided to
do something about it by opening his own restaurant. lucky us, this
tiny restaurant and bar comes up big-time with phenomenal comfort food
offerings.

kindles wood-fired pizza, marlborough, mass.
-- if calories were no issue, i'd feast on these northern italian-style
wood-fired pizzas every day. owner dave champeau has an uncanny knack
for creating pizzas with true pizazz.

the beach plum, various new hampshire
locations -- the beach plum wonderfully brings together the
essential new england food groups: lobster rolls, fried seafood, new
england clam chowder and ice cream.

beantown pastrami, boston, mass.
-- this boston food stand rivals the best of new york city pastrami,
according to those in the know and me, as well!

nashoba pizza restaurant, ayer, mass.
-- for those who love old school pizza bar restaurants, it doesn't get
any better than nashoba pizza. the pies are as good as ever and the
neighborhood restaurant vibe remains authentically intact since its
beginnings
in the 1960s.

main streets market & cafe, concord,
mass. -- locals refer to the main streets market & cafe
as the "cheers of concord." it's got a terrific community feel with
some really nice indoor and outdoor dining for breakfast, lunch and
dinner.

the raven's nest, walpole, mass.
-- owner mark mcauliffe brings a taste and feel to the raven's nest,
inspired by his favorite native ireland pubs. cozy, warm, inviting and
with outstanding american contemporary and irish menu offerings, the
raven's nest has become a classic main street usa destination in quaint
downtown walpole.

the uxlocale, uxbridge, mass. -- this family-run
business captures the local food flavors of new england within
beautiful, rustic indoor and outdoor rural dining settings.

warren's lobster house, kittery, maine
-- fresh maine lobster, a 60-plus item salad bar and water views has
kept us more than happy upon each return through the years at warren's.
this is one of our all-time favorite seafood restaurants.

the crafty yankee, lexington, mass. -- owner kathy
fields has created the ultimate gift shop by showcasing local artisans'
work for sale and giving so much back to the community.

the abbey, providence, r.i. --
in all my new england travels, i have not yet come across burgers as
tasty as the ones served at the abbey. just writing about an abbey
burger makes my mouth water!

barrett's alehouse, west bridgewater, mass.
-- a cornell university grad owns this local chain of restaurants and
certainly makes the dean's list for food, atmosphere and service.

snowdon chalet, londonderry, vt.
-- this pleasant, clean, attractive and affordable motel is located in
a beautiful region of vermont's green mountains with access to many
attractions. nice to stay at a place that doesn't break the bank.

salem cross inn, west brookfield, mass.
-- our go-to restaurant for traditional new england fare and ambiance.
i love how they roast prime rib at the open hearth fireplaces and bake
bread out of a historic beehive oven.

wicked whoopies, freeport, maine
-- more than 20 varieties of yummy whoopie pies highlight this sunny,
happy storefront across the street from the ll bean flagship store.
truth be told, i like visiting wicked whoopies more than ll bean!

clyde's,
walpole, mass. -- this fun family-friendly restaurant features a
southwestern-style atmosphere and heaping portions of bbq, smoked and
fried foods, as well as excellent steaks, chicken and seafood dishes.
they also make a surprisingly good pizza.

steaming tender, palmer, mass.
-- located in a former train depot designed by famed architect h.h.
richardson, steaming tender resonates with trip-back-in-time train
station charm and a huge menu that has something for everyone. it's a
memorable dining experience. make sure to include it was part of your
new england travel!

nesting gift shop, concord, mass.
-- this relaxed, laid back warm and peaceful gift shop jam packs
wonderful gift items into charming small rooms.

roundabout diner, portsmouth, n.h.
-- compared to many other regional diners, the roundabout came into
the picture much later but often outdoes its competition by taking its
comfort foods to almost an art level. clearly, there's a chef in the
kitchen that is highly skilled.

vanilla bean cafe, pomfret, conn.
-- scratch food, a casual coffeehouse-meets-tavern-vibe and top-notch
entertainment highlight the breakfast, lunch and dining experience at
this converted 1840s farmhouse located in one of the prettiest areas of
southern new england.

crescent ridge dairy bar, sharon, mass.
-- national geographic traveler twice named crescent ridge dairy as one
of the top ice cream stands in the world. they got that right.

star drive in, taunton, mass. --
drive in-style restaurants are pretty much a thing of the past unless
you count sonic. we don't. the star drive in happily remains, to this
very day, with its nostalgic, classic drive in look intact and an eye
for timeless and 21st century comfort food preferences intact.

jimmy's
pizzeria, east walpole, mass. -- a caring owner, hardworking staff,
excellent pizza, calzones, subs and dinners, and a spotless kitchen and
dining room elevate jimmy's pizzeria way beyond a standard house of
pizza spot. plus, they make the best greek salad since the days of the
former christo's in brockton, in my humble opinion.

rico's pizzeria, walpole, mass.
-- rico's does pretty much everything well as a pizza and sub shop but
what really puts them on the map is the bj wrap: a huge amount of
chicken fingers, bacon, mozzarella, fries and a special sauce within a
wrap. that menu item has become a local legend in walpole.

commonwealth
bbq, wrentham, mass. -- the folks at this drive-in style building
turn out some of the best authentic bbq cuisine we tried in new
england. 

bliss 
restaurant, attleboro, mass. -- for those who love the ice cream
restaurant concept from back in the day (the original friendly's before
they sold out, brigham's, bergson's, etc.), we think you'll love bliss.
the thing is, i think bliss might be better than any of the
aforementioned ice cream restaurants.

putnam, conn.
-- this cool little community located in the "quiet corner of
connecticut" offers plenty of imperfectly perfect small town charm
including a lively restaurant and antique shopping scene.

kravings,
millis, mass. -- the spelling is incorrect but the concept spot on.
it's hard to imagine a more crave worthy comfort foods (burgers, pizza,
fried seafood, club sandwiches, onion rings, etc.) restaurant than
kravings. they also serve some terrific greek-style dishes.

good
food store & deli, walpole, mass. -- remember those local delis
that made good old-fashioned sandwiches, as opposed to, say, those
overpriced, pretentious gourmet deli places? you know, with the right
kind of sandwich bread or roll and substantially-served meats and
cheeses in between? and with responsive, friendly, quick service? the
good food store & deli is that type of place.

park street books & toys, medfield,
mass. -- being the largest children's' bookstore could stand
on its own as a successful small business but park street books and
toys is so much more than that. owner jim james loves his job and
happily reaches out to community in myriad ways. he and his staff
prioritize superb, personable customer service. combined with an
impressive variety of children's' book and toys, park street books
&
toys is a must-visit store.

the
juice mill, bridgewater, mass. --  healthy juices highlight
this upbeat, positive and customer service-oriented small business
located in a quaint massachusetts town center.

ever so humble pie
company, walpole, mass. -- residing in a former factory building by
the neponset river in east walpole, this hidden pie shop serves some
truly amazing sweets and savory pies, plus some of the best scones on
the planet.

planet
chrysler, franklin, mass. -- i normally don't write about new
england car dealerships as most experiences have been lousy in one way
or another. planet chrysler, however, is an exception. we found their
sales and service to be exceptional.

norwood farmers market, norwood, mass.
-- located at the idyllic norwood town common, this farmers market
pleases with its nice variety of vendors and the backdrop of a
beautiful downtown with all its mom and pop shops and restaurants. what
a nice place to be in the summer!

eagle brook saloon, norfolk, mass.
-- this restaurant looks out of place with its
dusty western saloon look.  the eagle brook saloon, however, turns
out to be a family-friendly dining spot with a nice menu focusing on
chicken, steak and seafood dishes. they also make a great bar pizza and
chili -- the latter loaded with seasoned ground beef, a tasty tomato
base and chips on the side.  

al mac's diner, fall river, mass.
-- one of the best diners in southern new england, al mac's holds onto
its storied century-plus old foundation for success while meeting the
needs of 21st century tastes. i love the old-fashioned classic diner
look and feel of al mac's. 

muffin house cafe, medway and other
massachusetts locations -- if you remember the legendary
jordan marsh department store blueberry muffins, then you will love the
muffin house cafe's rendition. if not familiar with the jordan marsh
blueberry muffins, you will still, most likely, regard these and others
muffins at the muffin house cafe as some of the best in new england.
why can't all muffin places be this good? by far, the best muffins we
have ever tasted -- including jordan marsh!

the kayak centre,
wickford village, r.i. -- simply put, this locally-owned and
operated store in picturesque, coastal wickford village is the place to
go for purchasing kayaks in southern new england, as well as for paddle
boards, rentals, tours, instruction and outdoor gear and accessories.
wickford village, by the way, is a great place to go kayaking.

walpole farmers market, walpole, mass.
-- located by a brook and walking bridge in quaint downtown walpole,
the walpole farmers market beams with small town pride and spirit and
an ever-growing presence of vendors. visiting this farmers market
reminds one why walpole is known as "the friendly town."

napper
tandy's, millis, mass. -- this large, family-friendly irish
pub-style restaurant in downtown millis pleases with its steak,
chicken, seafood, pizza, irish and healthy food options menu and a
lively bar scene.

abbott's frozen custard, needham, mass.
-- this legendary rochester, n.y-based frozen custard chain has
expanded through the years into the boston area with the needham
location being our favorite. speaking from personal experience, the
yummy frozen custard tastes are just as good here as in rochester.

c&l frosty, sherborn, mass.
--  such a happy place for ice cream and comfort foods. it's like
going back in time to the neighborhood ice cream shop.


interested in
your local business
becoming part of our new england community?
visitingnewengland business partnerships differ than feature
articles
previously posted on visitingnewengland.
businesses pay a small, one-time fee to have pages like this appear,
and first must be accepted by visitingnewengland.com editor and
publisher, eric hurwitz, as a business he approves as part of "real new
england travel" to keep the integrity of the site. businesses that sign
up for business partnerships receive priority by receiving more social
media exposure and link placement on visitingnewengland.com. contact eric
if interested in forming a business partnership. 
 

stay
connected with visitingnewengland at   facebook 
 twitter  pinterest 




free
subscription
sign up for our
free visitingnewengland.com e-new england travel newsletter
featuring our
latest new england travel insider's news updates and stories, discounts
and coupons!
 

 
 
visitingnewengland's small business
commitment to excellence:
visitingnewengland.com
is a proud, small business based in new england. we love it when one of
our articles helps you with your new england vacation and travel trip
planning! that's what we are here for: to serve you in
the most genuine, helpful way possible.

old-fashioned new england work ethic:
all
articles, photos by eric hurwitz unless otherwise noted. eric also
manages the site's layout and design, social media, and public affairs.

all this, and blogs too!
also,
please check out our authentic, informative and entertaining new
england travel blogs with original content: the
thrifty new england
traveler (new england travel ideas on a budget), the
new england
travel
and vacation gazette (more original new england travel articles),
and old
school
boston (warm memories of boston and new england from back in the
day).

home | connecticut
| maine
| massachusetts
| new
hampshire | rhode
island | vermont
| about us
| privacy
| contact us













