






process impact -- software process improvement consulting and education









home
training
publications
biography



       
    




       
    











new book:
software requirements essentials

core practices for business analysis success


software requirements essentials by karl wiegers 
            and candase hokanson is a concise, highly readable book that describes 20 requirements practices that every software team 
            should perform. these practices apply regardless of what type of product you're building or the team's development life cycle.
            these core practices help project and product teams understand the business problem, engage the right participants, 
            articulate effective solutions, communicate information among stakeholders, implement the right functionality in the right sequence, 
            and adapt to change. if you don't have time to read the big books on requirements or business analysis, read this short one.

details, videos, sample chapters, downloads, and reviews

new!  the online, on-demand "software requirements essentials" training course






       
   

      
   



who is process impact?
      since 1997, process impact has collaborated with clients worldwide to have an impact on the processes their
      software teams use, and to help those processes have an impact on the business.  areas of expertise include requirements engineering, project management, and software quality.
      karl wiegers,  principal consultant, has many years of experience with software development, management, and
      leading process and quality improvement activities.
      




contact information
karl wiegers, phd
      principal consultant
      process impact
email


       
    

       
    



recent articles
     more than 170 articles on software requirements, business analysis, product design, project management, culture,
     quality, freelancing, writing for publication, giving presentations, and other topics are available at karl's medium.com account.
     
          see a partial list of articles





copyright © 2023 karl wiegers. all rights reserved.





