




























tank and trailer services | stuart tank sales corp























































































 
 

 








 

























888-204-7872						
					

login
my account

profile
my orders
my wishlist



0







products search



search







request a quote
 








home
about us

about us
credit application
employment


service
fabrication
equipment

asphalt
chemical trailers
dry bulk trailers
dump trailers
flatbed trailers
food grade trailers
non-code trailers
petroleum trailers
truck mount
grain trailers


parts
loading & off loading
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 













it’s service after
the sale that counts!

equipment
service
 parts











trust and integrity will always matter here

 yes, the needs of our customers and their equipment have evolved over the years. and stuart tank sales makes sure to have all the latest tools and technology to help keep you on the road with great performing equipment.
on the other hand, our 60-plus years of success has a lot to do with things that don’t change—like the importance of treating customers fairly and respectfully.
you’re never just a number to us. we’re still old school when it comes to the importance of relationships. and building strong ones is a lot easier when you consistently work with the same knowledgeable staff.
our employees don’t just have a job: they build careers here. so when you see the same faces year after year, you can be confident that you’re working with pros who want the best for you and who understand your business and the equipment you need to function effectively.
 

it’s service after the sale that counts!
that’s more than our company motto. it sums up the way we treat our customers. when you drive out of here with your tank or trailer, that’s not where our relationship ends—it’s where it begins.
for any equipment you purchase from us, you’ll always know where to go when you need follow-up support. service, parts, customization—head right back to stuart tank sales and we can take care of it. if needed, we’ll even come to you.
and if it comes to anything warranty related, we’ll be the ones on the phone figuring things out—not you.








 
chemical


 
non-code tank




 
dry bulk


 
petroleum




 
dump


 
truck mount
 




 
flatbed


 
grain




 
food grade


 
asphalt







featured products










2025 heil 1614cuft. edible


read more
          











2025 heil 1040cuft. cementer


read more
          











2025 j&l 1636cuft. vacuum


read more
          











2025 heil 9500g petroleum


read more
          











2025 polar 5600g dd fertilizer


read more
          










here’s why stuart tank sales is the right choice…
we’re not going to beat around the bush: if you think factory-direct is the best route, think again. when you choose stuart tank sales, you’re getting the advantage of comprehensive tank and trailer services. that’s just a fancy way of saying we’re a one-stop shop. but what does that really mean for you?
for one thing, it means a lot less downtime. we know the sooner you get on the road, the better.but that’s really just the beginning of how you benefit from stuart tank sales:

drive out of the gate with a full package—the tank, the loading & off-loading components, and everything else you need to haul safely, efficiently, and comfortably.
trade in your used equipment with us and avoid the hassle of finding a buyer yourself.
get any needed repairs or maintenance done here with our 19-bay service center and huge parts department.
have your customization needs handled here with our fabrication shop—piping, lighting, cabinetry, you name it.
work with true tank experts who have decades of industry insight and experience to help you make the smartest purchase decisions you can.

read more





 what are you hauling?
that’s always our first question—not “what tank do you want?” that’s because we act as consultants to our customers. in other words, we don’t just take orders for tanks. so whether you own one or one thousand, you’re going to benefit from a sales team who really know the nuts and bolts of tanks and trailers. and that goes for pretty much any kind—from pneumatic to petroleum tanks, from dump trailers to truck-mounted and food-grade or chemical tank trailers.
why learn things the hard way when you can work with pros who have 20, 30, even 40 years of experience? in fact, our “rookie” has a dozen years of experience! on top of that, we understand the ins and outs of the local market you’re working in way better than any factory ever could.
talk to a real person right away
when you call us during business hours, you’re not going to get lost in a maze of pressing 1 for this, 2 for that, and 3 for who knows what. whether you’re looking for parts, service, or sales, our receptionist will get you to the right person. and if you have to leave a voice message, you can bet we’re going to get back to you right away. for those who want to use their windshield time to get questions answered, we do our best to accommodate you. you can also count on us to get back to you asap through email or text if that works better.
get answers quickly
stuart tank sales is a family-owned business that runs efficiently and doesn’t need to overcomplicate things. got a question you need answered, like now? good news: you won’t need to wait for us to have three meetings about it before you get an answer. and when we have to talk to a vendor or anyone else on your behalf, we usually know exactly who to contact. look, we get it: you’re busy and you need to know what you need to know as soon as possible. we do our best to make that happen.
 tanks for just about every need
we sell and service a full range of tanks and trailers: acid, chemical, fuel, food-grade liquid, non-code for bio-diesel, dry bulk for flour and sugar, sand and cement, plastic pellets . . . . we could go on, but you get the picture. we really are a one-stop shop when it comes to tanks. and that means we not only can offer it all—we also have the expertise to back it up. learn more
rely on an exceptional service department
stuart tank sales has set the standard for tank repair and maintenance. in fact, we were the first certified heil service center for tank equipment. we actually established the template for other service centers to follow. with our 19 bays and a team of mechanics and technicians that have seen just about everything, you can breathe easier knowing we’re here when you need us. learn more
 our vast parts inventory makes your life easier
we have a massive parts warehouse that holds over a million dollars in inventory. valves, fittings, fenders, upper couplers, suspensions, lights—pretty much anything you could imagine. what all of that means for you is that your repair and maintenance needs can be solved efficiently and conveniently right here in our shop. we also ship parts all over the country. learn more
fabrication to fit your needs
how can we help your tank or tractor function better for you? what do you need to make your ride smoother, your job more efficient, or your trucking life more comfortable? beyond our exceptional service and parts departments, stuart tank sales also provides fabrication services. our specialists and full suite of equipment mean we can handle customized design and construction for a wide variety of requests. in fact, we’re capable of taking on projects for markets that go well beyond the trucking industry. learn more
specialists in loading & off-loading equipment
more and more customers are turning to us for our upfitting capabilities. more specifically, you can’t do much with a tank without the components that allow you to load and offload. stuart tank sales has developed an uncommon level of advanced expertise in this area thanks to trained specialists with years of experience under their belts. rebuilds, installation, repairs, even bench-testing—we can handle it all for pumps, blowers, hydraulics, and beyond. learn more
let us take care of warranty questions
do you want to spend your time on the phone or computer figuring out the details of a warranty? we didn’t think so. when you purchase equipment from stuart tank sales, you have an advocate working on your behalf. whether through our service center or our parts department, we’ll take care of even the most complicated warranty scenarios. meanwhile, you can stay focused on your job.
 family-owned with a future that’s secure
longevity means something in this business—or at least it should. when it comes to meeting your tank and trailer needs, stuart tank sales can provide so much more than just a piece of equipment. our 60-plus years as a business has created a tremendous knowledge base and a vast network of resources and industry connections. current owner and president mike o’donell joined stuart tank sales in 1975. and before that, he worked in his father’s trucking business. when mike gets around to retiring, the family tradition will carry on with his two sons. like their dad, they grew up in the business, and they take their roles in the tank and trailer business seriously. you won’t need to wonder what’s going to happen to us in five years. we’re here for the long haul. learn more
read less












our manufacturers

























































our associations
















































 

 
 
 




quick links
home
about us
equipment
service
parts


fabrication
loading & offloading
employment
finance
contact us
 

follow us on:



facebook
linkedin



 







940 e. geneva street
	elkhorn, wi 53121
888-204-7872
262-723-2200
262-723-2311
info@stuarttank.com

 




© 2025 stuart tank sales corporation - all rights reserved.privacy policysite map
website design by 

 

 
 
 















































