

heroes in america














peter h. gibbon







heroes in america











biography




articles 
                            by




articles 
                            about




school 
                            visits




a call to heroism




publications




heroic 
                            quotations




links 
























 human beings are deeply divided, eternally 
                  torn between apathy and activity, between nihilism and belief. 
                  in this short life, we wage a daily battle between a higher 
                  and a lower self. the hero stands for our higher self. to get 
                  through life and permit the higher self to prevail we depend 
                  on public models of excellence, bravery, and goodness. during 
                  the last forty years in america, such models have been in short 
                  supply. 

                  except among politicians and madison avenue advertising firms, 
                  the word hero has been out of fashion since the late 
                  1960s as a term to describe past or present public figures. 
                  we have been reluctant to use it this way, doubtful as to any 
                  one person can hold up under the burden of such as word. after 
                  the september 11 terrorist attacks, hero was used to 
                  describe the firefighters and police offers who picked their 
                  way through the rubble, passengers who thwarted terrorists on 
                  a hijacked airplane, and soldiers who left on planes and ships. 
                  in difficult times, we turn to the word hero to express 
                  our deepest sorrow, our highest aspiration, and our most profound 
                  admiration. 

                  at the start of the twenty-first century, america was forced 
                  to question some of the attitudes of an antiheroic age: irony, 
                  cynicism, preoccupation with celebrities and sex, disdain for 
                  political leaders, and indifference to soldiers. "times 
                  of terror are times of heroism, " said ralph waldo emerson. 
                  america's new war has reminded us of one kind of heroism, the 
                  brave deed, and of one kind of hero, the rescuer. my 
                  hope is that it will also encourage us to become more interested 
                  in past and present public heroes and that it will revive the 
                  qualities of admiration, gratitude, and awe too long absent 
                  from our culture. 

                  in america today, we have come to define the person by the flaw: 
                  thomas jefferson is the president with the slave mistress, einstein 
                  the scientist who mistreated his wife, mozart the careless genius 
                  who liked to talk dirty. these definitions lodge in our minds-especially 
                  if they relate to sex-and become the first and sometimes the 
                  only thing we remember. as a society, we need to explore a more 
                  subtle, complex definition of the word hero, suitable 
                  for an information age, one that acknowledges weaknesses as 
                  well as strengths, failures as well as successes-but, at the 
                  same time, one that does not set the bar too low. 
                  the definition of hero remains subjective. what is 
                    extraordinary can be debated. courage is in the eye of the 
                    beholder. greatness of soul is elusive. inevitably there will 
                    be debates over how many and what kinds of flaws a person 
                    can have and still be considered heroic.we are fearful that 
                    heroes might be illusory, falsely elevated by early death 
                    or good spin doctors or the vagaries of history. the twentieth 
                    century taught us well that leaders once thought heroes can 
                    turn out to be tyrants. and the tacit assumption that a hero 
                    is supposed to be perfect has made many americans turn away 
                    from the word-and the concept-altogether. the contemporary 
                    preference for words like role model and mentor 
                    and the shift from the recognition of national to local heroes 
                    are part of the transformation of the word hero that 
                    occurred in the second half of the twentieth century.
there is something appealing about a society that admires 
                    a range of accomplishments, that celebrates as many people 
                    as possible, that looks beyond statues of generals on horseback 
                    for its heroes. making hero more democratic, however, 
                    can be carried to an extreme. it can strip the word of all 
                    sense of the extraordinary. it can lead to an ignorance of 
                    history, a repudiation of genius, and an extreme egalitarianism 
                    disdainful of high culture and unappreciative of excellence.

                    we need role models and mentors and local heroes, but by limiting 
                    our heroes to people we know, we restrict our aspirations. 
                    public heroes-or imperfect people of extraordinary achievement, 
                    courage and greatness of soul whose reach is wider than our 
                    own-teach us to push beyond ourselves and our neighborhoods 
                    in search of models of excellence. they enlarge our imagination, 
                    teach us to think big, and expand our sense of the possible. 
                    

-peter h. gibbon
















biography




articles by




articles about




school 
                            visits




a call to heroism




publications




heroic 
                            quotations




links 



email









last updated 05/28/2005




