

 









personal injury lawyers nc | warren & kallianos
































































skip to content






















call for your free consultation
704-377-7777





español


























main menu 
homeabout us our firm jeff warren chris kallianos scholarshippractice areas column 1 personal injury catastrophic injuries car accidents trucking accidents motorcycle accidents pedestrian accidents column 2 brain injury attorneys burn injuries head and spine injuries construction accidents product liability sexual assault column 3 premises liability nursing home neglect wrongful death workers’ compensationcase resultsreviewsblogcontact us








 

























warren & kallianos: because the end result matters 



protecting the rights of charlotte injury victims since 1992 



when you’re hurt, don’t settle for less than you deserve 



	 when winning means everything  the lawyer you choose will make the difference. 




















catastrophic
injuries









car
accidents









truck
accidents









workers'
compensation

















experienced and aggressive nc personal injury lawyers
skilled counsel for accident and injury victims throughout north carolina











no one plans to be catastrophically injured. that is why, when you have been hurt because of someone else’s negligence, you have legal options available to you that can help protect your family and your future. when it comes to securing the best possible outcome, you deserve a team of seasoned personal injury lawyers on your side.
at warren & kallianos, we are proud of our established record of successfully representing accident victims and their families, as well as surviving family members in wrongful death claims. we have secured millions for our clients in injury cases throughout the state.
you can have peace of mind putting your trust in a lawyer from one of the area's most recognized personal injury firms. whatever the situation, when you retain our law firm, you will be assured of working closely and directly with our attorneys, who will be there to walk you through the process at every step.










verdicts & settlements





$4.5 million

trucking accident, wrongful death - settlement for a client whose wife and unborn child died when their vehicle was hit head on by a dump truck that negligently crossed the centerline of the roadway.




$4 million

settlement for client who sustained catastrophic burn injuries due to an arc flash explosion while working on an energized electrical panel at the defendant’s manufacturing facility in charlotte, nc. settlement also included waiver of the worker’s compensation lien on the settlement funds and continuation of benefits.




$3 million

settlement for client who sustained a gunshot injury to her spine in a robbery outside a business establishment in charlotte. the business was sued for failing to provide adequate security for its customers.




$2.5 million

settlement for client who sustained severe injuries, including a head injury and multiple orthopedic injuries, after being struck in a crosswalk by a drunk driver.



  


[read more]

















    

















handling injury claims of all sizes
you might be surprised by how often we meet with clients who say, “i’m not really the lawsuit type.” the truth is, there’s no such thing as a “lawsuit type.” we work with people who have been seriously injured in ways that alter their lives forever. we work on behalf of families whose loved ones were killed through no fault of their own, and who now struggle to keep a roof over their heads or pay the bills, because the creditors just keep calling. we help injury victims and their families obtain the compensation they are entitled to receive, so they can focus on their recovery.
to that end, there is no type of personal injury case we are not experienced enough to handle. you can rely on honest, practical, and aggressive representation for cases involving:

car accidents. as one of the well-known injury law firms in the area, we have spent decades assisting people who have been injured because of negligent drivers, defective auto parts, hazardous roadways, and more. even a so-called “minor” car accident can still leave you in chronic pain and unable to work. we can address your questions and help you plan for your future.
truck accidents. a 5,000 lbs. car stands little chance against a fully loaded, 80,000 lbs. big rig. truck accidents are often catastrophic in nature, leading to permanent injuries and thousands of dollars in property damage. we know what to do.
catastrophic injuries. a catastrophic injury is one that alters the way you live permanently. traumatic brain injuries, loss of limb, spinal cord injuries, burn injuries: a person who sustains these harms must deal with long-term issues such as ongoing medical treatment, loss of income, and permanent pain, suffering and disability. at warren & kallianos, we have the experience to help you with issues like these and more.
workers’ compensation. most people who get hurt at work know that they are likely entitled to workers’ compensation benefits, but they are often unsure about many other details. can i bring a third-party claim? how can i get the medical treatment i need? talk to us today to find out how we can help you with these and other issues.
construction accidents. construction sites are some of the most dangerous workplaces in the country. charlotte’s booming construction scene is no different. many victims of construction accidents don’t understand the full extent of benefits they may recover. at warren & kallianos, we understand the rights of injured construction workers – including the right to fair compensation without regard to immigration status.
premises liability. property owners and managers owe their visitors a duty of care, to ensure that their premises are safe and secure. many times, people come to us with what they think is one type of case, when in reality, they have a premises liability claim. for example, if a building owner failed to fix a broken light and you are mugged, or failed to address an unsafe stairwell and you fall – these are premises liability claims. warren & kallianos is prepared to handle premises liability cases against owners of public or private property, as well as government property.
motorcycle accidents. other drivers aren’t always respectful to bikers when it comes to sharing the road. because riders lack the physical protection of a car, their injuries tend to be more severe, and often deadly. we represent bikers when they are injured in a crash.
pedestrians and cyclists. charlotte has some of the prettiest footpaths and bike routes in the state, but there are also designated areas for pedestrians and bike riders in the heart of our city. if you are walking or riding, and are struck by a negligent driver, we can protect your rights.
nursing home abuse and neglect. residents of nursing homes and other long-term care facilities are some of the most vulnerable people in our society. when a nursing home fails to provide a safe environment for the people entrusted with their care, compensation may be available under the law. if you are concerned about the care your loved one is receiving in a nursing home, you have an advocate in the attorneys at warren & kallianos. talk to us now to find out how we can stand up for your loved one’s safety and dignity.
wrongful death. there is no “quick cure” for the pain of losing a loved one, we know. no amount of money will bring him or her home to you. what a wrongful death lawsuit does is ensure that responsible party is held to account for the neglect and reckless behavior that led to your loved one’s death. it can also help you protect your family, so you can focus on healing.
product liability. as a consumer, you have the right to expect that the products you buy will work in the way they are intended. if a design flaw or a manufacturing error leads to your injuries, or if retailer or manufacturer failed to warn you of potential dangers – with your medication, with your children’s toys, with products you buy for your home or your off-time activities – you may be entitled to compensation.
sexual assault. victims of sexual assault have the right to pursue damages for the injuries caused by their attackers. warren & kallianos represents survivors of sexual abuse, sexual assault, and other wrongful acts with dignity and discretion.


















why choose warren & kallianos for your injury firm?











dedicated charlotte personal injury attorneys jeff warren and chris kallianos have more than a half century of combined legal experience. since founding the firm in 1992, jeff and chris have successfully fought for the rights of injured people in a wide variety of cases. we invite you to read more about our firm and our philosophy.
when you work with the law firm of warren & kallianos, you work directly with attorneys jeff warren and chris kallianos. you won’t get handed off to a low-level assistant, never to see your attorney again. instead, jeff and chris are accessible to their clients throughout the life of the case. most clients work with just one paralegal, instead of talking to someone new each time they call. jeff and chris take pride in understanding the facts of each client’s case and how the law applies to the matter. they also stay on top of each client’s file as the case unfolds.





















in addition to close and frequent interaction with the personal injury attorneys at warren & kallianos, you can also count on them to deliver the aggressive, attentive and high-quality legal representation that is necessary to get results. our reputation gives your case immediate credibility with insurance companies and their lawyers. we are often able to negotiate full and fair settlements for our clients. we also have the skill and experience to take a case to court when necessary to secure justice for our clients.
jeff and chris have also earned the respect and recognition of their peers and former clients as evidenced by the numerous honors they have received, including selection in the best lawyers in america, super lawyers, top 100 trial lawyers, and members of the million dollars advocates forum.
when the results matter, choose the personal injury lawyers who get them
at warren & kallianos, we know that when winning means everything, the lawyer you choose will make the difference. that’s why we are committed to providing personalized service to each of our clients. to schedule a free initial consultation, please call 704-377-7777 or fill out our contact form.









 














free consultation


name* email*

phone*message / comments
 








δ











testimonials




i would definitely recommend them to any and every one!

"we were referred to jeff warren from another attorney and had a great experience with my son’s medical injury case/settlement, i have always been hesitant about personal injury lawsuit’s and attorneys but jeff and his practice made the whole process easy and stress free from the beginning to the end. i would definitely recommend them to any and every one!!! we are very grateful to jeff and his staff for all their patience and knowledge."

client





not sure how we would have managed without this law firm

"not sure how we would have managed without this law firm. they have been extremely compassionate about my husbands injury causing disability – which has been a life changing event for our family. they are always available to talk with us no matter when we call. they have kept us up to date regarding the case, which has kept us from worrying. i would recommend this law firm to anyone who needs legal help."

client





i recommend them to everyone.

"great people to help me with my case, great lawyer and paralegals. they always answered the phone, always had a response for my question. i recommend them to everyone. they also have someone that speaks spanish (for my parents) i am thankful for everything and time that they give me. thank you so much, god bless."

client





committed personal injury attorneys

"having worked with both chris and jeff, as well as their office staff, i can say with confidence that they are the most sincere, committed personal injury attorneys i have ever met. they are passionate about making sure their clients get a fair settlement, and are sympathetic to the disruption and even trauma that the whole process can create. it helps that they are a small team, and everyone knows the clients and their situations."

client





i would highly recommend mr. kallianos and his staff

"chris kallianos has been such a blessing to our family during this trying time! he has done an excellent job in making sure we are informed of what is going on with our case. i would highly recommend mr. kallianos and his staff if you have a personal injury you are dealing with. we truly appreciate all of your hard work! best lawyer around!"

client





he’s honest and dedicated to his clients

"chris kallianos was my lawyer for over a year after a bad car accident. he’s honest and dedicated to his clients, and i would recommend him to anyone that needs a lawyer in the future."

client













read more






























office near me:
301 s. mcdowell street suite 610
charlotte, north carolina 28204
call for free consultation 704-377-7777



















































© warren & kallianos, pllc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | disclaimer | sitemap

















the verdicts and settlements set forth above were obtained by our law firm from 1992 to the present. in most cases, liability and/or damages were contested, the adverse parties were represented by counsel, and the matters involved complex factual and/or legal issues. all verdicts obtained were collected. these cases are illustrative of the matters handled by our firm, and not all case results are provided. the case results depend on a variety of factors unique to each case. please note that prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.









 


































