



















"virginia creeper trail - best bike trail in the u.s.a."











































331 douglas drive, damascus, virginia 24236














 







home


trail information


information


current advisories


current weather




plan your visit


bike rental & shuttle


lodging


inns


cabins


b&b's




dining & entertainment


shopping


backpacking outfitter


experience the creeper trail




history & information


damascus, va


abingdon, va


whitetop station


green cove station


va creeper trail history


trail maps




exploring swva











menu


biking the world famous creeper trail downhill to damascus, virginia!
a premier outdoor destination for visitors seeking to add a little adventure to their lives. explore the amazing scenery of the virginia creeper trail. best known for "the 17-mile downhill bike ride to damascus", however, some folks come from all over the world to hike, run, fish, bird watch, and just relax.

learn more








  


virginia creeper trail guide
 the virginia creeper trail is a recreational trail (rails to trails) located in southwest virginia (swva). the virginia creeper stretches 34 miles from abingdon, virginia down through to the lovely town of damascus, va (known as the heart of the va creeper) along the whitetop laurel river and up to its highest point whitetop station near the nc state line at whitetop, virginia. the va creeper trail is open year round for trail runs, hiking, mountain biking, and horseback riding. this former rail bed passes through the mount rogers national recreation area and the highland country of southwest virginia. the virginia creeper trail is rich in beauty and regional history. this is an easy biking adventure that you, your friends, and family will talk about for a long time. start at one of the creeper trail's bike shops in damascus for a bike rental and shuttle services to the start and take a leisurely ride through the rolling country 17 miles back to damascus. on this section of the trail (abingdon to damascus) you will ride your rental bike from the abingdon trailhead down to the community of alvarado. then travel along the south fork of the holston (watch out for the trout in the stream) back to damascus. then grab a bite at one of our tasty local restaurants, pick up a few t-shirts and souvenirs, and spend the night in one of our towns comfy beds.  
check it out





experience the trail





creeper adventure
stretching 34 miles through the mountains and valleys of swva  
               this casual mountain bike trail is a great adventure getaway.



bike rental & shuttle service
adventure awaits in this outdoor lovers' playground. hiking on the appalachian trail, or 
 biking on the creeper trail, these outfitters will have some gear for you.



va creeper trail maps
thousands of miles of hiking and biking trails need excellent guidebooks and maps.

















about us
located in lovely damascus, va (the heart of the creeper trail), vacreepertrail.com has been providing information on your favorite virginia mountain bike trail and the outdoor adventures to be found in swva since 2002. supplying  the regions visitors with information for the communities of damascus, whitetop, green cove, and abingdon, virginia,


pages


home

 bike rentals & shuttles

food & beverages

 cabins, inns, & lodging



menu




images









© 2019 trailhead designs
         


   







