






construction and real estate development | mortenson









































                skip navigation
            



































who we are


back














who we are
building for the greater goodtm 
our purpose is building for the greater good. and our people are what makes redefining possible…possible. unlocking authentic partnerships with our customers and partners allows us to bring transformative insights to you earlier in your capital project planning process. the result? better projects, better experiences and better impact. 
















about




        about us
    



        corporate social responsibility
    



        news + insights
    



our approach




        safety
    



        dei
    



        choosing a delivery method
    











our team




        senior leadership
    



        team
    


























what we do


back














what we do
we're builders at heart. 
we are focused on improving the way capital projects get done. from design to operations, we love to solve complex challenges and exceed expectations. discover how our comprehensive solutions can help you achieve more with your next investment.
















        capital project planning
    



        mortenson development
    



        mortenson properties
    



        community empowerment
    



        offsite manufacturing
    



        engineering
    



        building perfomance
    



        digital integration
    



        equipment solutions
    


























industries we serve


back














industries
together, everything is possible.  
with our experts at your side every step of the way, learn what it’s like to have a partner who really cares about your business and understands your goals. 
















        advanced manufacturing
    



        aviation
    



        civil
    



        cultural + performing arts
    



        data centers
    



        electric vehicles
    



        energy storage
    



        federal government
    



        green hydrogen
    



        healthcare
    











        higher education
    



        hospitality
    



        office spaces
    



        power delivery
    



        public + ppp
    



        science + technology
    



        solar
    



        sports + entertainment
    



        transportation
    



        wind
    


























locations


back














locations
we thrive on solving complex challenges across diverse locations.  
every project, no matter how small, is crucial to your business. working together, we deliver high-performing assets tailored to the unique requirements of your region.
















        chicago, il
    



        denver, co
    



        fargo, nd
    



        iowa city, ia
    



        milwaukee, wi
    



        minneapolis, mn (hq)
    



        nashville, tn
    











        phoenix, az
    



        portland, or
    



        salt lake city, ut
    



        san antonio, tx
    



        seattle, wa
    



        washington, dc
    


























projects


careers










            skip to menu toggle button
        













builder. innovator. partner.
let's redefine possible ®





















las vegas, nv
allegiant stadium


































kern county, ca
edwards & sanborn solar + storage


































pella, ia
vermeer manufacturing facility


































chicago, il
esperanza health centers


































flagstaff, az
northern arizona university science & health









































together, we are shaping 
the world of things to come




































































































































































































we are a top 25 builder and developer fully invested in our customers’ success and improving the communities we serve. in markets from renewable energy, sports and entertainment, to data centers and healthcare, we work to ensure the built environment leaves a lasting positive impact. together, we strive to make your project better than you imagined possible.


about us

















seeing is believing
your project can make or break your reputation and bottom line. we get it. that's why we serve as your project partner and guide, every step of the way. lending decades of expertise, our established teams have created a sustainable framework for success.




view our projects



















dekalb, il
dekalb data center


















albany county, wy
boswell springs wind project


















rochester, mn
two discovery square


















los angeles, ca
walt disney concert hall


















nsb kings bay, georgia
dry dock recapitalization


























          mortenson was in this with us. they gave me a ton of confidence and helped us deliver this excellent campus.
          





      joe dieker, cornell college
    



joe dieker
cornell college
































        explore careers with mortenson
      
join the team at mortenson and take your career to new heights. be a part of our dynamic and inclusive culture - one that values teamwork, unique perspectives, innovation, and personal development. what will you build?



explore careers

































    corporate social responsibility
  

        our commitment to people, planet, and community 
      
our approach to csr is rooted in our belief that the world is what we make it. as we lean into the future and evolve, we will not lose sight of our values and contributions to society as a core part of who we are. for us, it’s about making a positive impact today and for generations to come, through our efforts in our three program priorities: people, planet and community.  



learn more















news & insights



see more insights



















article
may 15, 2024


                        shovel-ready status of $525m expansion gave polar an edge in chips act funding
                    
drawing on extensive expertise in clean-room construction, mortenson, an advanced manufacturing contractor, provided polar with resources to quickly compete for chips act funds.

read {type}

















insights
sep 22, 2024


                        chase center’s golden gate to success
                    
increasing revenue by bridging the market, program and visitor experience to create this year-round destination, market alignment, visitor experience, and program versatility were considered…

read {type}

















news
jul 25, 2024


                        breaking ground on nation’s largest self-sustaining bus depot
                    
mortenson, montgomery county, and alphastruxure partner on their second project: an equipment maintenance facility, transit operations center, fleet depot, ev charging and microgrid.

read {type}























article
dec 12, 2024


                        revival on platte: vertical integration in construction
                    
featuring fully finished prefabricated panels built by bluvera, this project is minimizing on-site installation complexities and accelerating the construction timeline.

read {type}

































about us


locations


projects


careers


headquarters


contact


















                                code of ethics
                            

                                login
                            

                                privacy policy
                            


                        © 2025 m. a. mortenson company. all rights reserved.
                    

























