


waste management company in baltimore, maryland, washington, d.c., pennsylvania, northern virginia & delaware










































































toll free: 1‑877‑876‑1100
24 hr emergency response: 410‑494‑7587









since 1995


home
about

about aeg
sustainability


services

hazardous and non-hazardous waste disposal
waste to energy incineration
lab packing
24-hour emergency response
field services
mercury remediation
dry ice blasting
stormwater vault cleaning
life sciences
training


training
blog
contact
 








the environmental company that makes business sense.











waste disposal




												transportation and disposal services for hazardous, non-hazardous, universal, and infectious wastes, with a wide variety of treatment, storage, and transportation options to meet your needs.											








emergency response




												we meet all of your company’s response needs, no matter when they occur, with 24-hour-a-day, seven-day-a-week emergency response services.											










field services




												from site remediation and storage tank management to industrial cleaning and plant decommissioning, we have the diverse capabilities to get your location in compliance.											








life sciences




												the aeg environmental team has extensive experience dealing with the unique concerns posed by healthcare, pharmaceutical, and biotechnology facilities. 											









latest news



deciding on a lab pack company
december 6, 2024

						 choosing a lab pack company is a big decision. it’s imperative that your company’s chemicals are handled properly, so you...					
read more



why recycling is important
november 8, 2024

						 our planet has a finite number of resources, and it’s important for us to preserve these resources as much as we can. to...					
read more






connect with us



























what our clients are saying...



i have worked with the folks at aeg while employed at other environmental firms and found the team at aeg to always be upstanding, honest, hard working people. i highly recommend their services to anyone having an environmental need anywhere within their geographical coverage.
– rick d., westminster, md


aeg environmental was an invaluable player during the anthrax response and mitigation phases from 2001 to 2004.
– john b., washington, dc


my life has gotten significantly less chaotic since i started working with
aeg environmental.
– casey b., baltimore, md


my headaches go away when aeg environmental handles my waste disposal.
– bud s, chicago, il


i appreciate that aeg environmental is always there for us.
– megan l., frederick, md










  p.o. box 710 manchester, maryland 21102-0710
			

 1‑877‑876‑1100


 please enable javascript to view






home
about us
services
training
blog
service areas
contact us
site map
 
© 2025 aeg environmental
all rights reserved
website design & marketing provided by adventure web interactive
login


































