






the jcs family – 20 years of empowering learners with educational choice



































 















skip to content













board recordings
board meetings on zoom















 

about jcs

welcome
leadership
governance
board of directors
compliance
family educational rights & privacy act
employment
request for records
events
jcs calendar


academics

educational philosophy
21st century learning
curriculum
program options
home study
resource center
english learners
special education


counseling
our schools

choosing a jcs program
jcs cedar cove tk-12(spanish immersion option)
jcs live tk-12 virtual
jcs manzanita tk-12
jcs mountain oaks tk-8
jcs pine hills tk-12
jcs pine valley tk-12


contact us

jcs contacts
school request for records
student request for transcript


i’m interested!



















 









enrollment for 2024-2025 is open! 






apply now



















jcs family of schools epic awards finalists 




 




what's a charter school? 



charter schools are free independent public schools with rigorous curriculum programs and unique educational approaches. in exchange for operational freedom and flexibility, charter schools are subject to higher levels of accountability than traditional public schools. charter schools, which are tuition-free and open to all students, offer quality and choice in the public education system. 












 

 














 





our schools 





jcs cedar coveserving tk-12 students in encinitas, coastal san diego and orange county 






learn more









jcs live virtualserving tk-12 students in a completely online setting 






learn more









jcs manzanitaserving tk-12 students in la mesa and east san diego county 






learn more











 



 







jcs mountain oaksserving tk-8 students in encinitas, coastal san diego, and orange county 






view website









jcs pine hillsserving tk-12 students in temecula and riverside county 






view website









jcs pine valleyserving tk-12 students in pine valley and the san diego back country 






view website











 









 




choose your tk-12 path 






 



01.homestudy 



personalized programming where each student develops at their own pace. 





 



02.insite 



an independent study option for high school students with direct support from teachers. 





 



03.jcs academies  



similar to college whereby courses proceed according to a syllabus and students may attend group instruction. 







 








learn more













why jcs? parent satisfaction! 






of parents agree that teachers are available to speak with them 

0
%









of parents agree that the curriculum is high quality 

0
%









of parents agree that the material is engaging for their child 

0
%









of parents agree that our technology tools improve their child's learning 

0
%









of parents agree that our teachers care about their students 

0
%














testimonials 





jcs, unlike many schools, cares about each and everyone’s education. the teachers explain everything so that it makes sense.



high school student




this school is full of kind people and they teach us a lot of great things.



middle school student




jcs is a good place because it is a bully free zone. jcs is a good place just to meet new people.



middle school student




jcs is more than just a school to me; its a place where i feel secure…like a home.



high school senior




jcs cares for their students deeply. they are not just teachers. they are mentors, friends, and family. jcs is not just a school. jcs is a group of close friends who work together to make it the best learning experience.



high school senior




i chose jcs because it’s a school where i can be comfortable.



middle school student




getting the opportunity to complete my education at my pace is great! it was also a very good experience for my future years in college which requires independence.



high school student




with amazing teachers and diligent students, jcs has realized its dream of being a great school that will prepare us for the future.



high school student




i used to transfer high schools too often, changing schools almost every semester. i never felt welcome at any high school until jcs.



high school student




i came to jcs because my auntie graduated from here. experiencing this new way of learning was scary at first, but now i love it! it definitely is helping me improve myself and my grades.



high school student














about jcs the jcs family is comprised of wasc-accredited, free public charter schools, home study, and alternative programs that are located throughout san diego and southern riverside county.

contact us

main office1704 cape horn ave julian, ca 92036po box 2470 julian, ca 92036(760) 765-5500    
quick linksabout jcs
apply
board meetings and agendas
covid-19 resources
current agenda
employment opportunities
contact us
internet safety
educational enrichment partners
privacy policy
request more info. 









 











 
















































