















parent and family programs






















ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma





skip navigation
parent and family programs






































 






parent & family programs





as part of your student's support system, family plays a critical role in their success. parent & family programs is eager to partner with you to provide resources, education, and opportunities to make your student's success a reality.



 








welcome parents & families!



 











family weekend


join us for family weekend! family weekend occurs in the fall and the spring and consist of a variety of events to spend time with your student and connect.
family weekend









sooner parents


sooner parents keeps you connected to campus and enhances your student's ou experience. explore the many benefits of becoming a member, today! 
sooner parents




 













important dates & deadlines


check out the academic calendar to see all the major dates and deadlines you and your student should be informed about.
university dates









contact


meet the staff behind parent & family programs and sooner parents. please feel free to contact them with any questions or concerns regarding the programs. 
contact




 








parent & family programs store



  

purchase your parent & family gear in the online store today!
 
parent & family store
















the guide - navigating the ou experience



  

this guide was designed as a roadmap to navigate your college journey and in it you'll find ways to:

connect to the resouces available at ou
identify important university policies and procedures
make the most of meeting with your academic advisor and make sound decisions about the course planning
explore opportunities to affirm or clarify your academic major
create a plan to pay for college
enhance your ou experience
understand key terms and campus essentials







 













 parent and family programs 

          student affairs
900 asp avenue, suite 222
norman, oklahoma 73019
        


       





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 7/30/2024 by parent and family programs: studentaffairs@ou.edu











































