





wendy hill, ph.d. | hypnotherapy for inner child healing



































































skip to contentcall or text: 760-994-9296 make an appointment

     wendy hill, ph.d. hypnotherapy, psychotherapy, counseling  top specialist in san diego, encinitas, international, in person or virtual psychotherapy, hypnotherapist, individual, couples, coaching, spiritual 




     
menu 
home shop  liberation ebook – a journey of inner child healing true seeker’s guide – self guided workshop online inner child healing spiritual workshop with music and meditations: the call to adventure life lessons personal and spiritual for growth inner child healing audios book: the true seeker’s guide to a better life   therapy  why psychotherapy with hypnotherapy for spiritual connection anxiety treatment inner child healing therapy depression cure therapist hypnosis regression and core beliefs phobia therapist self-confidence counselor relationship counseling addiction counselor sexual abuse and childhood trauma therapy past life regression   about  meet dr. wendy testimonials centrepoint, inc. therapy dog in the news wendy hill, ph.d. dissertation privacy policy   contact workshops and trainings  in person event – emotional & spiritual growth with dr. wendy hill inner child healing workshop: the renaissance experience past life regression workshop hypnotherapy training for professionals   inner child healing resources  the personality test understanding your beliefs and patterns your original programming testimonials advice blog podcast united we stand for rennies personal growth songs the 10 amazing virtues and benefits of hypnotherapy!   registration login 















  special event: emotional and spiritual growth with dr. wendy hill   inner child healing core belief transformation psychotherapy spiritual connection  seasoned hypnotherapist and counselor anxiety depression relationship regression therapy inner child healing "dr. wendy, so many years have passed. i was 23 when we met and now i'm 50. to this day i still use the tools and ideas that you gave me to navigate through complicated sections of my life. thank you for continuing to be a distinct piece of my past which reminds me that i can always love myself  and trust that i have it within myself to be safe. even today the memories of your confidence in me are a clear vision in my mind." jerry t. "you always help me realize what i know and feel deep inside but somehow never can find. you always help me see the light. most importantly, whether i like it or not, the truth… for my own good. i always leave feeling like i’ve learned a life time of lessons and gratitude for everyone and everything, past and present. you have such an incredible spirit and it definitely makes a difference… just walking in the door." grace k. 9/23 dr. wendy hill has been in practice for over 40 years in hypnosis and psychotherapy. she is a compassionate, spiritually oriented therapist, easy to talk to, and fully committed to results.  wendy hill, ph.d. offers powerful psychotherapeutic techniques and hypnotherapy.  



 









 meet dr. wendy





 learn how inner child healing therapy works to transform self-defeating core beliefs.









 the 10 amazing spiritual virtues and benefits of hypnotherapy and working with a seasoned hypnotherapist!   click here to see all 10 benefits!


 






 


 



 see more testimonials






 dr. wendy sings "anyway"  https://wendyhill.com/wp-content/uploads/anyway_mix.mp3   click here to learn about inner child healing. advanced hypnotherapy, spiritual connection, and psychotherapy questions:   q. why is it important to combine hypnosis and psychotherapy to achieve a spiritual connection? the ultimate goal of therapy is self-realization of one’s true self…a vital connection to one’s spiritual nature and god within. in order to achieve this goal the seeker must be willing and able to face the psychological and spiritual obstacles that have been holding them back. childhood experiences form core beliefs regarding the self, others, and the nature of reality. negative core beliefs from childhood trauma create a disconnect from one’s true self and hence one’s spiritual nature. negative core beliefs create blocks to self-understanding, self-acceptance, and the acceptance of something within that is spiritual. it is important to address and heal childhood trauma before one can truly accept the existence of the highest within them. this requires psychotherapy, hypnotherapy, regression therapy, music therapy, and group work. q: how is this therapy with a hypnotherapist different from other therapies? this is uncommon therapy. with regression hypnosis it accesses the subconscious mind where your core beliefs reside and allows you to transform on a deep level. it allows you to release old negative emotions and thoughts that have dictated how you think, feel, and act. q:  how long does it take to get results? you will start to feel positive results within the first 5 two-hour sessions. you will feel tangible results within 10 two-hour sessions. you will access your true self during dr. hill's small group workshop, "hypnotherapy advanced healing regression workshop."  q: why are sessions two hours long? one hour goes by too fast. two hour sessions allow you the time to address important issues and engage with the deep focus of hypnosis. hypnotherapy requires more time.   q: what is childhood trauma and why do we tend to dismiss it or forget it?  childhood trauma can be experienced in varying degrees. even mild neglect can be traumatic to a child. abuse done by caretakers or siblings, witnessing abuse of another, being in an environment where there is yelling, abuse of alcohol or drugs, or short term or long term abandonment are all traumatizing to a child. abuse comes in all forms, some very subtle and deeply shaming. we tend to forget or dismiss our trauma in order to cope. in childhood this actually helps but as adults it can harm us.  q: why is doing a workshop an important part of my personal growth?  a workshop gives you the opportunity to experience love and acceptance from others.  others on the same path can support and inspire you. they can help give you the courage to love yourself unconditionally and to do those things in your life you need to do. this experience is essential.  q: how is dr. hill different from other therapists? she compassionately connects with you on a deep level. she is highly intuitive and "feels" and "knows" things that will help you grow. she is  trained in pychotherapeutic techniques and hypnotherapy and has been in practice for many years. . she can connect with you. q: what is a core belief? your core beliefs are your deep down subconscious beliefs you carry about yourself, others, and life. your core beliefs were formed in the womb, infancy, and in early childhood. they dictate how you think, feel, and act throughout your life until you access them and change them.   q: how does this therapy help me grow spiritually? this therapy offers you the opportunity to connect with your true self. when you connect with your true self you are connecting with that which is the highest within you. you feel a deep connection with that which is truly spiritual. you feel empowered and filled with love, compassion, and courage to be who you truly are. hypnotherapy can open the door to your spirituality.





important items your original programming take the personality test testimonials registration contact  from the advice blog   accepting change: birth and death   discovering your defenses   the importance of self-discipline   the importance of clear thinking   importance of desire and warrior spirit   how to have self discipline   clarity and trusting yourself   
contact dr. hill over the past over thirty years i have helped hundreds of people enhance and heal their lives. if you are facing a challenge or just want to expand your personal and spiritual growth…i can help. there is always a way to a better life. it just takes the right person to help you find what you need. with hope and compassion, dr. wendy hill (760) 994-9296

 copyright ©2025 wendy hill ph.d. - san diego & encinitas hypnotherapy, counseling
 


















