crc industries | global supplier of chemical specialty products   

the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.

cookies help us deliver our services. by using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. more details

settings
agree all
decline
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

essential        

allow


namedescriptionlifetimecartthe association with your shopping cart.1 yearcategory_infoallows pages to be displayed more quickly.1 yearcomparethe items that you have in the compare products list.1 yearcustomeran encrypted version of your customer id.1 yearcustomer_authan indicator if you are signed into the store.1 yearcustomer_infoan encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.1 year

marketing        

allow


namedescriptionlifetimecustomer_segment_idsstores your customer segment id1 yearexternal_no_cachea flag that, indicates whether caching is on or off.1 yearfrontendyour session id on the server.1 yearguest-viewallows guests to edit their orders.1 yearlast_categorythe last category you visited.1 yearlast_productthe last product you looked at.1 yearnewmessageindicates whether a new message has been received.1 yearno_cacheindicates whether it is allowed to use cache.1 yearpersistent_shopping_carta link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.1 year

google analytics        

allow


namedescriptionlifetimerecentlycomparedthe items you recently compared.1 yearstfinformation on products you emailed to friends.1 yearstorethe store view or language you have selected.1 yearuser_allowed_save_cookieindicates whether a customer authorized cookies.1 yearviewed_product_idsthe products that you recently looked at.1 yearwishlistan encrypted list of products added to your wish list.1 yearwishlist_cntthe number of items in your wish list.1 year

800-556-5074
 en
canada en
canada fr
mexico esskip to contenttoggle nav


menu

products

featured


auto cleaners & degreasers

brake system

cleaners & degreasers

cooling system

corrosion inhibitors

electrical system

fuel system

grease

lubricants penetrants & oils

precision cleaners

categories


appearance

boat care

cable cleaners

diesel additives

engine transmission & power steering

equipment

hand cleaners & wipes

insecticide

metal working

mold release

paints & coatings

parts washers

sealants & adhesives

welding

other

all products

resources

safety data sheets

discontinued sds

regulatory

videos

literature [eng]

literatura [esp]

knowledge base

about

quality policy

knowledge base

testimonials

sustainability

careers

blog

professionals

regulatory resources

risk reduction program

risk reduction mobile

safety data sheets

stoplight food safety program

training basecamp

contact

general contact

global locations

north america

central america

south america

africa

europe

australia , new zealand & oceania region

asian

store locator
account












crc industries has the perfect solution for your next project







find it    








effective rust removersafe parts washingsuperior brake cleaningfood grade safetycrc industries' build for the future scholarship programcrc is proud to sponsor techforce foundation, as we believe that investing in the success of our next generation of technicians is vital to the long-term sustainability of the trades, which support the very fabric of our infrastructure and economy.the crc build for the future scholarship will financially assist 10 students pursuing an education in technical school.scholarship websitewhat our customers saybrakleenworks great and you need to use it. you need to use this when putting on new pads and rotors!glenn, mig2pi love it. i have tried and have passed the ma emission inspection. i highly recommend it, this is the best product.ale, maqd electronic cleaneri’ll be keeping this stuff around to clean all the electronics i use that start to malfunction. it works really well.casey, txmaf cleanermy car is back to new to my wife’s dismay... this should be part of annual maintenance on a car.fred, fl
more testimonialsbrowse by industryautomotiveconstructionelectrical & utilityfleet maintenancefood & beveragehealthcarehome diygeneral manufacturingmarineminingoil & gasweldingbecome a crc insiderget crc promotions, product launches and more delivered right to your email inbox.latest crc news



how much does a coolant leak repair cost for a car? [your best options]                                left untreated, a coolant leak can lead to expensive engine damage. knowing coolant leak repair cost for your car and options can help with informed decisions.

read more                                
share








blown head gasket repair cost [know your options]                                a blown head gasket is one of the more serious and costly issues car owners can face. if you’re facing this issue, it can be very helpful to know as much about the condition as possible to understand the costs associated with the repair.

read more                                
share








coolant leak fix: causes, symptoms, types and solutions                                maintaining the proper engine temperature is one of the most essential aspects of vehicle upkeep. the cooling system serves as the engine's temperature regulator, ensuring it operates within a safe range. however, when this system develops issues — like coolant leaks — it can quickly escalate into bigger problems if left unaddressed.

read more                                
share








crc industries partners with western welding academy to power the 2025 blue collar tour, inspiring america’s next generation of tradespeople                                crc industries is excited to announce its partnership with western welding academy (wwa), recently voted the “no. 1 welding school in the nation” for its dedication to training the next generation of skilled blue-collar workers.

read more                                
share





more newsfeatured videoscrc evapo-rust heavy-duty rust removercrc evapo-rust® heavy-duty rust remover. perfect for all your auto parts. from tools, engine blocks, or any rusty part on your vehicle. removes rust to bare metal with no scrubbing; just soak. the best part is its reusable. available in gel and ready-to-use-formula.easy vehicle emissions cleaning for a healthy engine and better gas mileagetrusted for over 25 years. crc® guaranteed to pass® emissions system cleaner has an advanced detergent formula that removes harmful carbon deposits from fuel system components: fuel injectors, intake valves, combustion chambers and beyond.crc brakleen® - the best brake cleaning productsat crc, we put engineering the best brake cleaning products on us because your customers are counting on you. together, we keep people going and stopping... safely. loosen and dissolve rust from seized & rusted bolts and nuts with crc knock'er loose, with watchjrgocrc knock’er loose® is @watchjrgo ’s go-to penetrating solvent. it loosens rusted, seized and frozen bolts and nuts, and metal parts, and dissolves rust and corrosion while also lubricating parts and preventing further rust.
more videosconnect with usstay connected:global locationsnorth americacentral americasouth americaeuropeafricaasiaaustralia, new zealand, and oceania region















find it    








become a crc insiderget crc promotions, product launches and more delivered right to your email inbox.resourcesfor professionalssafety data sheetspo terms & conditionsingredient communicationvoc info & support documentscanada forced labour act reportcalifornia supply chains actinvoice terms & conditionsthe companycrc faqscareersconsumer rebatescontact usstay in touch




crc industries americas group800 enterprise road, suite 101horsham, pa 19044(215) 674-4300copyright © 2025 crc industriesget directionsprivacy policy | cookie policyterms of service                                              