









cda home - colorado dental association









































































 





























menu


 
search


aboutjoinpublic resourceslow-cost careeducationpatient-dentist mediationfind a dentistloginpay duesupdate profilelog cedonateview cartcheckoutx-ray training program


menu


 
search


aboutjoinpublic resourceslow-cost careeducationpatient-dentist mediationfind a dentistloginpay duesupdate profilelog cemembershipwhy join?become a memberrenew your membershipnew dentistsupdate your profileget involvedce requirementsbenefitsexclusive member benefitscda endorsed productsmalpractice/liability insurancethe dentists supply companycda retirement solutionwellnesstraining& eventscalendarx-ray training programannual sessionnew dentistsnews &publicationsfeatured newsnewsletters and journalsnews &publicationsfeatured newsnewsletters and journalsadvertisingclassifiedsplace your adrenew your adsponsorshipsadvocacy& resourceslegislationtake actionpolitical givingmedicaid resourcescharity programscda foundationcomomgive kids a smiledonatecharityprogramscda foundationcomomgive kids a smiledonate











cda home








feed the foundation

pancakes anyone? register today!


maintain your member benefits
just a click away!


we need your help!
#
feb. 28, 2025
cda lobby day at the capitol


wellness begins with you
benefits for you and your household
(well, maybe not the dog...) 




of the cda journal
read the latest issue



















featured newsbeneficial ownership information reportare you getting whiplash with these changing requirements? see the latest.

read morewater fluoridation is safe and effectivetalk with your patients about the importance of community water fluoridation - download tips.read moreendorsed productsbest card
special offer
start using best card for credit card processing by march 31, 2025 to lock in these rewards: $125 amazon gift card, $100 off card processing equipment, save on average $6,496 annually in processing fees!
learn morerewards
using the ada credit card
earn up to 50,000 bonus points in the first year! the ada visa business rewards card allows you to earn 5x the points on purchases from endorsed vendors. in addition, earn 2x the points on purchases from dental suppliers!
learn morefaces of the cdadr. les maes: a legacy of leadership, compassion and transformation in public health dentistry
 kids in need of dentistry (kind) welcomes new clinical leadership while saying goodbye to an individual who has left his mark in the world of nonprofit, public health dentistry.
read more
news feed
new dentistsndc
new practice checklist
when you start a new opportunity, there are many things to consider, including licenses, local requirements, insurance, infection control and osha, just to name a few. the cda’s new practice checklist is a great starting point to address these issues.  check out this valuable resource - member login required.
learn morenetwork
have fun
the cda new dentist council is a resource for all things dental for those 10 years or less out of dental school. from managing a practice and navigating contracts, to establishing a referral network and overcoming tough decisions, we've got you covered with a learning opportunities and social events all year long.
learn moretake action2025 legislative session previewthe dental practice act is under sunset  review along with medicaid dental rate decreases being proposed.read morecda protests medicaid rate cuts for 2025in november, gov. polis released his proposed 2025-2026 budget. the cda testifies against the proposed rate cuts.read morecda foundationhelping
co nonprofits
the cda foundation is honored to provide grant funding to colorado 501(c)3 dental organizations twice a year. helping non-profit entities increase access to dental care is a core value of the foundation.
the next deadline to apply is march 15, 2025.
learn moregiving
to the profession
the cda foundation provides dental scholarship awards to cu school of dental medicine students and invests in the future of our great profession.
contribute to the future of our profession through the cda foundation today!
donate today!featured events
ndc happy hourfeb. 20, happy hour is a must after a long day at work! join the cda new dentist council and their...read more dentists lobby day at the capitolfeb. 28, the 2025 dentists at the capitol lobby day is friday, feb. 28 (arrival by 7:15 a.m., dismissal by...read more cdaf breakfast for dinnermar. 6,  join the cda foundation for breakfast for dinner, benefitting the cda foundation scholarship fund for cu school of...read more battle of the axesmar. 13, bring your arm and aim to axe throwing at american axes! join your colleagues for an evening of...read more women dentists’ eventapr. 5, join cda, mdds and your peers from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. for an afternoon of camaraderie, connection...read more cda cyclebar loveland rideapr. 12, move your body with a 45-minute cycling class featuring cardio and rhythm-based choreography to help you feel strong,...read more oral/minimal sedation ceapril 25-26, join the trust in grand junction for a course designed to fulfill requirements for adult oral/minimum sedation, provide...read more 







 ©2024 colorado dental association
8301 east prentice avenue
suite 400
greenwood village, co 80111
303-740-6900

    
   

   






privacy policy
terms of use
accessibility
contact us



wordpress site developed by digipark 



 



 
 ada member login  
ada dues
ada profile update
ce upload






toggle the widgetbar 
 
 

























































 




