

ibi armored services inc. armored vehicles, courier services, armored cars. 
			includes retail, on-call and over-the-road services


















providing security services since 1966




online services





company




technology




services




contact




employment




track your package








retail services




							your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to 
							display inline frames.



									ibi armored services, inc.

								ibi is a full service armored transportation company, operating in the new york 
								tri-state metropolitan area. among the services that ibi offers are:


retail services including 
											central banking and same day credit


coin and currency deliveries and 
											atm replenishment


										payroll preparation


on-call services to all regional 
										destinations including federal reserve, airports and other port authority 
										properties


long haul over-the-road transportation


										the movement of precious metals
								armored vehicles; courier services; armored cars; armored transportation; 
								precious metals transportation; ibi is a full service armored transportation 
								company, operating in the new york tri-state metropolitan area.
								
								armored vehicles; courier services; armored cars; armored transportation; 
								precious metals transportation; ibi is a full service armored transportation 
								company, operating in the new york tri-state metropolitan area.
								
								armored vehicles; courier services; armored cars; armored transportation; 
								precious metals transportation; ibi is a full service armored transportation 
								company, operating in the new york tri-state metropolitan area.
								
								armored vehicles; courier services; armored cars; armored transportation; 
								precious metals transportation; ibi is a full service armored transportation 
								company, operating in the new york tri-state metropolitan area.
								
								ibi armored services, inc. armored transportation and logistics, national high 
								value over-the-road, retail services in the new york tri-state metropolitan 
								area, central banking with same day credit, coin and currency deliveries, atms, 
								payroll preparation, on-call services to all regional destinations including 
								federal reserve, airports and other port authority facilities. 





on-call services






money processing






national over-the-road 
									service






precious metal transportation






atm services






central banking/same 
									day credit






coin 
									& currency 







customs 
									brokerage 





















