



corporate gifts company | unique personalized corporate gifts & ideas

































info@corporategiftscompany.com


   









"our clients are our most valuable asset"
click here to see our satisfied clients
973-220-3933








all corporate gift ideas

these corporate gift ideas are requested for corporate events year after year. always a big hit, most of these gifts are chatted about from the corporate office kitchen to the "conference table". it is always a safe choice to stick with this category, and most clients and guests will continue to rave throughout and after the office event. show your appreciation!


corporate gifts for women

"never underestimate the power of a woman" and these corporate gifts for women are targeted for women, with no prejudice... classy and elegant for any event or occasion where women rule!! all corporate gifts for women can be personalized either by hand or engraved. we accommodate any color scheme or theme. dont forget corporate gifts for men too!


wholesale corporate gifts

corporate gifts company has a unique selection of wholesale business gifts that are perfect for any fundraising event.  we pride ourselves on the excellent quality of our products and every gift can be engraved with a logo and script or block font. you will make "the right choice" with corporate gifts company and we will make "your choice right".



gifts under $25.00

give your clients and employees something they love without going over your business gift budget. corporate holiday and christmas gift giving can be affordable with some of our best selling gifts under $25. corporate gifts company offers all holiday and corporate christmas gifts with a gift box at very affordable prices. the goal is to keep  your name on the lips of the recipients and make a great impression. christmas corporate gifts can be inexpensive and talked about all around the water cooler!


desktop corporate gifts

these unusual gifts make a presence on a desktop of a president or paper cutter and all employees of any business. make "their" desk a haven with an unusual desktop gift that will not be forgotten. a long time customer will still admire this gift year after year, especially when you are closing a deal. "seeing is believing" and what is on your desktop is as important as how you are dressed. "desk for success" is what we pride our desktop corporate gifts on.


employee appreciation gifts

as they say, "you are only as good as the people that work for you" so... make it meaningful when giving. employees are often the best receivers of gifts and choosing one from our employee appreciation gifts category can make the difference. don't forget where your bread is buttered and select something from this category, that will "work" other corporate gifts for employees and ideas and suggestions available by contacting us. dont forget about holiday corporate gifts and christmas corporate gifts for your employees!


corporate holiday gifts

"keep business happening" " by making the choice of  corporate holiday gifts or promotional corporate gifts that guests will remember. holiday gifts are a great reminder of the special times of the year that mean the most to us. so, whether its a celebration of a holiday or another type of event, these promotional corporate gifts are a great choice. all can be adorned and personalized with any color scheme. for more ideas on specific holiday themed gifts or anniversary celebrations, please contact us. 

corporate business gifts

whether it be once a year, twice a year or once a decade, these corporate business gifts are definitely a milestone for your occasion and business event. portray                       your image with these corporate business gifts that make a lasting impression.                       remember "wherever you go, there you are, so these gifts are renown for clients and future clients to make the right                       choice for new and repeat business. for sponsored events please contact us for further details.


corporate clocks

dress the desk for success with an elegant corporate clock.  display your logo and make a lasting impression while gently reminding clients that you will always make time for their business. take time to show your appreciation for a job well done and make sure your employees are never late for an important conference or appointment. these elegant timepieces are the perfect gift for any occasion and will withstand the test of time. 



keychains & key rings

have logo will travel! corporate keychains and key rings hold the key to success! visibility and branding are key to your company's success and it is important to remind clients and employees how much they are appreciated.  corporate key rings with your logo keep your company at the client's fingertips and on their mind.  employees can proudly display they are part of a great team with a classy corporate keychain. 


personalized corporate gifts

of course it is important to know how important the occasion                       you are celebrating is... and to capture your clients repeat business, so these personalized corporate gifts and business gifts are especially groomed towards a theme. create a theme with these promotional  gifts and personalized corporate gifts or rally your reputation with something so unique that your guests will keep asking where you found them.


unique corporate gifts

no dust collectors for the desk!! these unique corporate gifts have a purpose for your clients to not only make use of, but it shows your appreciation and they will also remember who gave it to them every time they use it or see it. dare to be different with these unique corporate gifts, and create a different brand to your selection. from corporate "geeks" to ceo's all of these corporate gifts are a memory waiting happen. for additional corporate gift ideas and travel fun and games gifts feel free to contact us.














our commitment
we strive to deliver a level of service that exceeds the expectations of our customers. 
          if you have any questions about our products, please do not hesitate to contact us.


helpful links
 complimentary catalog request
engraving information
shopping information
privacy
site maphome 


keep updated
subscribe to our mailing list for special offers, updates and more!




















corporate gifts company

 616 south orange avenue suite 8c
maplewood, new jersey 07040
usa 
973-220-3933
info@corporategiftscompany.com










most 
                popular corporate gifts | corporate 
                gifts for women |  themed 
                gifts | gifts under $25.00 | fun 
                and functional corporate gifts | corporate clocks
desktop corporate gifts | employee appreciation 
                gifts | corporate holiday gifts | special 
                event corporate gifts | keychains & key rings | wholesale
 
© copyright corporate gifts company, llc - all rights reserved.   website by fox web design








