























mcconnell brain imaging centre - mcgill university



























updated: mon, 02/17/2025 - 09:58
for feb.17, due to the storm, mcgill teaching and work must be done remotely. classes that cannot be done remotely will be cancelled. labs and evaluations will be rescheduled, as appropriate. only the mclennan library is open for study (see hours). all other libraries are closed for the day.

pour le 17 février, en raison de la tempête, l'enseignement et le travail à mcgill doivent être effectués à distance. les cours qui ne peuvent être effectués à distance seront annulés. les laboratoires et les évaluations seront reportés, en fonction des besoins. seule la bibliothèque mclennan est ouverte pour l'étude (voir horaires). toutes les autres bibliothèques sont fermées pour la journée.
 



















enter your keywords 





 





main navigation
homeabout usresearchpet unitmri unitmeg unittrainingcareersneuroinformaticseventsbooking & pricing 

















 



























 


the mcconnell brain imaging centre ("the bic") is advancing the treatment of neurological disorders and our understanding of brain function and dysfunction through multidisciplinary neuroimaging and neuroinformatics. 
learn more about the bic...




 




                                pet unit



                               mri unit 



                               meg unit




                 neuroinformatics



                        research labs



                             training

 


quick reference


book a scan (account required)


feindel brain imaging lecture series


obtaining access to the bic facilities


pricing: imaging, it


it order form - order it resources or services from the bic


submit news or event - suggest timely content you think we should share


ethics platforms: nagano (muhc reb), erap (mcgill irb), ams for mni (ams info, mcgill animal care committee)



 





















events @ the bic

17 feb [virtual] feindel brain and mind seminar series: the neural networks and oscillations producing dynamic visual awareness in binocular rivalry
24 feb feindel brain and mind seminar series: mechanisms underlying perceptual and mnemonic interaction in the brain
10 mar feindel brain and mind seminar series: glimpses into the social mind: decoding messages from faces and eyes
10 mar feindel brain and mind seminar series: glimpses into the social mind: decoding messages from faces and eyes
 




bic news

dana small becomes canada excellence research chair in metabolism and the brainpublished: 21 nov 2023 
bic researchers among the world's most citedpublished: 21 nov 2023 
video presentation for helmholtz international bigbrain analytics learning laboratorypublished: 4 may 2021 
pet modeler and physicist published: 26 jan 2021 
view more news 








 
 
       
 
                                                                              
 







back to top






department and university information


mcconnell brain imaging centre
montreal neurological institute
3801 university st
montreal qc h3a2b4
contact us 





column 1partnersthe neuro
mcgill faculty of medicine
centre for intelligent machines


column 2graduate schoolsmcgill integrated program in neuroscience
mcgill graduate and postdoctoral studies


column 3affiliated departmentsneurology & neurosurgery
biomedical engineering
medical physics


 


this site (rss)
facebook
 







accessibility
cookie notice
cookie settings
log in 








