








tropical beach rentals – family beach rentals on clearwater beach



































skip to content



 



tropical beach rentals
family beach rentals on clearwater beach








    menu	
home
rentals  

beachcomber
sandpiper


reviews
contact

  scroll down to content












welcome!


727-455-1042








rentals





beachcomber







sandpiper












reviews


cozy place to beachjuly, 2018this pace is exactly as advertised. it is in a quiet, residential section of clearwater that is very close to the beach. the accommodation are nice, and the six of us were comfortable. the owners are very responsive and we had everything we needed.—timothy s.beautiful home in a quiet location within minutes to the beach!june, 2018this home has everything you need for a vacation stay except for the food of course! board games for the family and toys for the little ones were available for use. 3 tv’s, one for each sleep area! and when you want to head to the beach they had a cooler, beach towels, beach toys, beach umbrella and chairs for us to use. we brought a folding wagon to help us load everything but only used it once. the only thing we wished we had that wasn’t available was a laundry basket which wasn’t really a big deal since the washer and dryer are really close together. next time we will bring a folding laundry basket. other than that this home is spacious and provided all our needs. the location was nice and quiet throughout the days. only a short drive to pier 60, shopping, bars and restaurant. it’s also a short walk to the beach away from all the crowds! my kids and i preferred being at the more secluded area. maryhelen and her husband are very nice people and very quick to make our stay as comfortable as possible. more reasonable than a hotel and it saved us money not eating out all the time. it was a home away from home and loved staying here!—maiva g.site reviews navigationpage 1
page 2
…
page 9
next →


your overall ratingselect a ratingexcellentvery goodaveragepoorterribletitle of your reviewyour reviewyour namesubmit your review












contact




about me
about maryhelen allbritton
i’m originally from mt. vernon, indiana, but came to clearwater 46 years ago to live in this beautiful tropical paradise. after graduating high school in indiana i went in search of palm trees. i headed to florida, with two places circled on the map, clearwater and palm beach, simply because the names sounded so pretty. came first to clearwater and ended up staying and never made it to palm beach. clearwater beach was amazing then just as it is now! i married a local 5th generation florida guy and our children are now proud to be 6th generation floridians. our family loves the beach and the water, and make it a part of our lives. maryhelen allbritton purchased this house in 2003.
why i chose clearwater beach
we bought this home to make it available to my family and other families that want to visit clearwater beach as i did years ago. it’s so much nicer experiencing a beach vacation in a home rather than a motel room.
what makes this house unique
our home is ideally located on north beach in the quiet residential neighborhood of clearwater beach. close enough to walk or bike ride to the restaurants, shopping, bars, etc., yet in the quieter part of the beach where it feels like home. the beach access is a short distance away – a one minute easy walk by foot. you still are close to shopping, dining, charter fishing and a myriad of activities. the best of both worlds- come see for yourself!


maryhelen allbritton
clearwater beach, fl 33767
727-455-1042
sales@tropicalbeachrentals.com











facebook  
email  
vrbo – beachcomber  
vrbo – sandpiper  
 

	© copyright 2018. all rights reserved. tropical beach rentals













































































































































































