


























introduction to the rma – repatriation medical authority





















































repatriation medical authority






home


what's new


who we are


what we do


consultation


sops


investigations


foi / ips


publications


links


faqs


mailing list


contact us





















introduction to the rma


in 1994 the australian government requested the repatriation commission, in consultation with veterans' organisations, to prepare legislation to reform the process of decision making about disease causation. the aim was to create a more equitable and consistent system of dealing with claims for disability pensions received from australian veterans and their dependants. one of the outcomes of the legislative reform was the formation of the repatriation medical authority (rma) which is an independent statutory authority responsible to the minister for veterans' affairs.the rma consists of a panel of five practitioners eminent in fields of medical science. their role is to determine statements of principles (sops) for any disease, injury or death that could be related to military service, based on sound medical-scientific evidence. the sops state the factors which "must" or "must as a minimum" exist to cause a particular kind of disease, injury or death.in carrying out its duties the rma is bound by relevant sections of the veterans' entitlements act 1986: part xia.the sops are disallowable instruments which are tabled in both houses of the australian parliament and they are binding on the various decision makers. the matters of fact relating to an individual veteran's case, including the nature of service and any connection between eligible service and the factors in the sops, are determined by the various decision makers. these decision makers include the delegates of the repatriation commission, the military rehabilitation and compensation commission, the veterans' review board and the administrative appeals tribunal.on this website you can access information about the rma, its membership, processes and publications. the website includes a comprehensive sitemap in the footer and a search facility at the top of each page. the website is easy to access and view from smart phones and tablets. copies of all sops produced by the rma since 1994 and information about investigations and reviews can also be found. the site features significantly improved capacity to search and find statements of principles (sops) - and other information. you can search by sop number, year, the name of the condition or icd code, and now hundreds of commonly used names of medical conditions can be entered in the search field to identify the applicable sop. all information relating to a condition (the current sops, past sops, historical documents such as declarations or reasons for decision, and the most recent explanatory statements tabled in parliament) are now available together in a single page relating to each condition. a range of common questions raised by stakeholders can be found on the faqs page.requests for the rma to undertake an investigation or review or review of the contents of an existing sop or make a submission in relation to an existing review, can be lodged online, with the capacity to upload supporting documentation and print a copy of the completed request for your records. if you have any questions, please contact us.










statements of principles




  here you may access all of the statements of principles.





statements of principles







join our mailing list




  do you want to be notified of the latest news from this site?





subscribe







freedom of information




  information about the freedom of information act 1982 and the rma.
 





information publication scheme















sop search






number



year




      2025
    

      2024
    

      2023
    

      2022
    

      2021
    

      2020
    

      2019
    

      2018
    

      2017
    

      2016
    

      2015
    

      2011
    

      2007
    

      2006
    

       
    



condition or sop name



factor



icd code




show revoked sops?












what's new







22 january 2025



31 october 2024



5 september 2024




read more








latest investigations/reviews






cardiomyopathy - in progress (closed 28/01/2025)

cirrhosis of the liver - in progress (closed 21/01/2025)

smallpox - in progress (closed 21/01/2025)

malignant neoplasm of the brain - in progress (closed 21/01/2025)

schizophrenia - in progress (closed 21/01/2025)



read more
















copyright © 2025 repatriation medical authority. all rights reserved.








developed by praxis interactive.














privacy


copyright


disclaimer


sitemap












