


eos life work career and community psychology



 

 

eos life work career and community
		psychology




 eos life-work 

a gateway to the world of  work, career and community
		  psychology
encouragement & resources for
		  2014
 site updated 2 january
		  2014 
welcome! this site offers a
		summary of eos services for individuals and
		employers and a resource centre
		with reports and internet links for our clients
		and professional network contacts. 
if you are thinking about your current situation in your work, study or
		community - or looking to make a big change in your life in 2014 - you may get
		some ideas and encouragement here in the life-career
		planning and life-work themes sections. 
if you are involved in a work organisation or community going through
		hard times due to economic conditions, severe weather or political conflict
		then you may find some useful ideas from other experiences of managing trauma
		and change in the community projects section.
		increasing our personal resilience is a special feature of eos programmes.
		increasing our resilience in organisations and communities to economic and
		political changes, conflicts and natural disasters is an important theme in eos
		research.
eos aims to help
		individuals and organisations - to survive and thrive in the
		world of work, and  - to balance work performance with
		personal development and quality of life. the site offers practical
		information for people about work, study and life issues. we also cover new
		developments in work and community psychology that raise challenging issues for
		employers, researchers, governments and the media. 
employers, human resources, occupational health and other professionals
		are welcome to use the site for briefing notes on a range of life and work
		issues or to request occupational psychology services see
		for your organisation and
		professional networking sections. 
the eos website includes free career
		briefing notes  including several files in the
		life-work themes section. this includes the eos
		get-a-life time chart to check
		your life-work balance, plus
		fun without fear -
		notes about safe and dangerous relationships at work including bullying and
		emotional relationships. the career first aid and
		transition management
		pages are relevant for individuals, managers and unions in many organisations.
		they also suggest priorities and coping strategies in the psychological
		aftermath of the financial crises since 2007, the crash in 2008, recession
		since 2009 and continuing economic uncertainty in europe and the usa.
		transition management is highly relevant for communities recovering from
		natural disasters and countries going through major social and political
		changes - from newly elected leaders and governments to major regime changes or
		conflicts. 
career and personal development and
		change
if you are looking for personal career advice in south east england see
		details of eos life-career planning
		programmes. 
the life-work themes section
		contains articles about some of the most frequent hazards and opportunities our
		clients discuss with us. these include career development, coping with career
		crises, trauma, change and seeking a healthier work-life balance. e.g.
		career first aid,
		safe and dangerous organisations and
		managing life-work boundaries. these
		may be of interest or encouragement to individuals and employers, or to people
		who are concerned about a friend or relative in crisis with their work or
		study. working long hours? if you have excel on your computer
		click here to check your own work life
		balance. 
career consultant dai williams is a chartered occupational
		psychologist and registered occupational psychologist with the uk hpc. dai
		started eos in october 1986. over 650 people have done individual eos career
		programmes, plus 150 others in employer sponsored programmes for staff and
		management selection, development or redundancy support programmes. former and
		recent eos clients are welcome to a free eos update pack for reviewing
		and updating personal and career development exercises including personal life
		plans. contact dai for further details.
services for employers
eos mainly works with private individuals but several employers
		who intially referred staff in crisis to us have seen the value of using career
		and personal development techniques for developing talented staff and in senior
		management. see organisation services
		for examples and latest updates for international
		trauma support contacts. 
we often work closely with human
		resources and occupational health professionals and exchange ideas and
		information, contacts and action research through
		professional networking between
		different professions, between pratitioners and researchers including e.g. the
		uk forum for organizational health and
		with health and employment specialists in other countries. 
recent publications
eos transition management reports may also be important
		for civilians, aid organisations, troops and governments in regions suffering
		wars or natural disasters - see below and a synopsis of dai's chapter (27) on
		surviving and thriving
		published in the new transition handbook by springer ny, 2010 - handbook
		of stressful transitions across the lifespan, edited by prof tom
		miller. this chapter is now available as a separate paper from the springer
		website. 
 the praeger handbook of veterans' health was published by
		praeger, california in october 2012. volume 1 includes global healthcare for
		veterans. dai williams was asked to review the health and wellbeing of the uk
		veterans community in chapter 12: forgotten heroes? health and
		well-being issues and resources for uk veterans and their families in the 21st
		century.
challenges of working life
we welcome interest in work life balance
(wlb) in the uk in recent years. this subject goes in and out of fashion
		for political parties and the media. but maintaining a healthy balance between
		personal life and work demands is a major issue in many industries and many
		countries. some key issues are described in
		managing the life-work boundary -
		written in 1999 but still highly relevant in 2011. over 11% of uk staff work
		over 60 hours a week (plus travelling time). the physical and mental fitness of
		staff is far more important to their productivity than the hours they work. in
		2010 the bps division of occupational psychology sponsored an
		international worshop on work life balance at surrey university.
gradual changes have enabled organisations to develop healthier
		working practices instead the outdated long hours culture. talented
		senior staff in strategic roles are quitting organisations that make excessive
		demands on their time. long hours working increases stress, fatigue and the
		risk of serious errors - from strategic errors by top executives to work and
		driving accidents for other staff. healthy organisations are likely to be more
		effective and safer. see safe and
		dangerous organisations. these hazards still apply to many government
		organisations (e.g. health and education) as well as to commercial and
		not-for-profit organisations - and to government itself. 
the economic downturn of 2000-2003 challenged many organisations and
		countries. it required different thinking strategies from the economic growth
		of the late 90's. stock markets gradually recovered from march 2003 until the
		global financial crisis developed in 3rd quarter 2007. since then uk
		unemployment rates have begun to rise again but employers have tried to retain
		key personnel where possible as crucial resources to enable and contribute to
		economic recovery. the employment outlook for school leavers and new graduates
		in autumn 2010 is challenging. government cuts are resulting in more public
		sector reduncies in 2011 but we welcome new jobs wherever they can be
		created.
crises in national and international finances from 2007-2009 created
		major anxieties for people with large loans or mortgages, and dramatic
		challenges to management in governments and public sector organisations, as
		well as in business and third sector (charities and other not for profit
		organisations). eos career assessments with hundreds of people shows that
		different personality types have very different ways of coping with change e.g.
		some people seen as misfits or mavericks in old organisations may have new
		insights into surviving unstable business conditions. we suggest new ways of
		working to individuals and can offer briefings and consultancy advice to employers who are
		managing the effects of economic and political change, and the morale of
		organisations during recession and recovery. 
international networks
internet users from 144 countries have visted the
		eos life-work website since december 1999.
		welcome back if you have visited before and greetings if this is your first
		visit. to read the site in french, german, spanish, italian, portuguese,
		chinese, japanese or korean go to
		babelfish
		translation, enter the eos url http://www.eoslifework.co.uk and
		choose your language. 

communities in crisis
		
 since 1993 i have used some of the practical techniques that help
		individuals to manage loss, stress, and change to study how communities,
		politicians and governments cope with trauma and change. see the
		community projects section for studies
		about the uk, northern ireland, the middle east, usa and afghanistan. in 2010
		unusual weather conditions have caused severe flooding traumatising communities
		in many countries e.g. pakistan, the philippines and parts of africa. natural
		disasters like the earthquake in haiti and volcanoes in iceland and indonesia
		have have also traumatised local communities and caused wider economic
		disruption. eos studies may be relevant to civilians and emergency response
		organisations in communities in crisis. 
our thoughts have been with friends and communities in japan
		following their triple crisis of earthquake, tsunami and the fukushima
		radiation emergency in 2011. the remarkable public uprisings in north africa
		and the middle east have led to a roller-coaster of changes that are gradually
		evolving into new regimes. some regions like myanmar seem to be finding new
		optimism. conflicts across the middle east and south asia from syria to
		pakistan involve widespread violence and distress. natural disasters like
		hurricane sandy caused devastation from cuba and haiti to new york. eos notes
		on mass transitions may be relevant - see human responses
		to change, and
		surviving
		and thriving: how transition psychology may apply to mass traumas and
		changes. see below.
early eos projects included working with self-help groups coping
		with unemployment during the last uk recession (see
		csgu handbook for support group leaders).
		and the professional networking page
		includes links to international
		trauma support organisations.
over the last 11 years i have been considering the likely psychological
		aftermath of the traumatic and tragic events of the september 11th attacks
		in the united states and the war on terrorism. the concept of
		transition is a powerful factor in understanding how humans respond to
		trauma and change see human responses to
		change. it is essential in career psychology and for employers managing
		organisation change. the same process may be vital to governments and countries
		affected by terrorism or war. this is considered in the report
psychological aftermath of
		september 11th - is there a 9-11 transition? including reflections from a
		visit to new york in september 2002.
some of these issues may be relevant to employers managing the indirect
		consequences of 9-11 for people in many other countries e.g. working in
		american companies overseas, or in countries disrupted by the war in
		afghanistan, iraq and lebanon, or may indirect effects of conflicts such as
		mass movements of refugees. these issues may be very important for employers
		sending expatriates on assignments in recent or new combat zones.
in view of the tragic and continuing violence in the middle east the
		community projects section contains two papers which analysed psychological
		aspects of the balkans war in april 1999: rising global tension and fear and violence in stressed populations . both papers are
		still relevant in the unstable international climate, especially in the middle
		east and south asia since 2001.
in 2004 we added a new topic
living with fear & trauma -
		psychological aspects of global terrorism. this includes a presentation to
		the iata avsec 2004 aviation security conference in vancouver on psychological effects of terrorism on airline
		passengers and staff. these topics became relevant again in july 2005 with
		the 7-7 terrorist bomb attacks in london. these events are important for the
		public and for employers and staff in all organisations affected by terrorist
		attacks in london in july 2005. the aviation security issues came up again with
		reports of new terrorists threats against flights between the uk and usa on the
		10 august.
transition psychology appears to be
		a natural process that usually enables humans to survive and thrive after major
		trauma or change. this offers hope and encouragement to many communities that
		experience major crises. some may suffer sudden traumas - from
		terrorist attacks and wars to natural disasters like floods, tsunamis
		and hurricanes. 
other communities in crisis may have suffered lingering traumas
		from epidemics like foot and mouth disease for uk farming comunities, or
		the sars outbreak in asia. longer term disruption also comes from economic
		disasters e.g. recession and unemployment. 
community psychology is now emerging
		as a distinct field of practice and research in the uk. it is mainly based on
		the work of clinical psychologists but psychological theories and technques
		from other fields e.g. occupational psychology can be applied to analysing
		community needs and supporting community recovery and development of healthy
		communities. the disastrous effects of hurrican kristina on the city new
		orleans and neighbouring communities illustrated the importance of community
		readiness programmes as part of disaster response strategies. the chaos and
		disruption that actually occurred in new orleans in 2005 was equivalent to the
		eos worst case scenario for potential hazards of the y2k millenium bug scenario
		in december 1999. the eos community readiness
		principles suggested then are equally relevant in other large scale
		community disaster scenario planning.
surviving and thriving in times of trauma and
		change: in october 2008 the global crisis started a period of
		recession in many countries. in the 1990's eos supported many people
		through the last recession in the uk. psychological effects of the uk 1990's
		recession explains some of the problems that people and employers faced in
		the uk and suggested coping strategies. many of these issues are relevant to
		the uncertain economic outlook for the next 5 years - 2010 to 2015 . 
eos political psychology reports are relevant to the uk coalition
		government following the uk election in 2010 and previous elections
		in the usa, israel and other countries. these include the first year
		leadership transition period for new national leaders and governments.
		
similar mass transition periods may also apply to whole
		communities or nations after wars and natural disasters e.g. this year in
		tunisia, egypt, syria, libya and bahrain, as well as for communities in japan,
		africa and south asia. the new
		handbook of stressful transitions across the lifespan
		(edited by prof tom miller, published by springer new york, 2010) includes
		chapter 27 - surviving and thriving: how
		transition psychology may apply to mass traumas and changes by dai
		williams. this is relevant to the outlook for communities traumatised by recent
		conflicts and natural disasters e.g. floods in the philippines and other
		regions in asia and africa, earthquakes in haiti and military conflict zones in
		the middle east, south asia and africa. it includes practical techniques and
		priorities for transition tracking in periods of trauma or
		change.
previous eos reports also included psychological aspects of global
		security concerns for the airline industry uk airport security crisis since the 9-11
		attacks in 2001. an ongoing research interest covers occupational and community
		health and safety issues including psychological and physical health aftermaths
		in war zones relevant to civilian communities and to veterans, aid workers,
		peacekeeping forces and media crews (eg balkans, afghanistan, iraq and the
		israeli / lebanon conflict ). these are
		directly relevant to recent, ongoing and potential conflicts e.g. in georgia,
		sri lanka, gaza, iraq, afghanistan, pakistan and potentially for iran and gulf
		states.
we hope this website may give encouragement and practical advice to
		individuals and employers in similar situations around the world. we would like
		to exchange ideas with other researchers and professionals that help
		individuals and communities to cope with periods of trauma and change, and to
		harness these for personal and community development. 
awareness of transition psychology may help rural and urban communities
		in crisis to find new hope for recovery and growth. people who are still coping
		with trauma and loss may find new hope and energy when some other major change
		affects their lives. emotional support and economic security are
		key factors to psychological recovery after traumas and change - see
		life events and career change. but
		these factors are desparately scarce in poorer countries and communities
		traumatised by war or natural disasters. some more powerful countries
		deliberately sustain fear and poverty in victim countries - not realising that
		these will only extend the experience of crisis and breed the most violent long
		term consequences as proposed in the power or
		peace project.
health and safety in
		war zones
occupational psychology includes aspects of occupational health and
		safety as well as trauma and change. 17 years in the oil and construction
		industries has made me alert to toxic materials and curious about health
		problems faced by troops and civilians involved in combat zones, particularly
		since 1991 e.g. gulf war syndrome. in february 2002 i added a study on
		potential health and safety hazards associated with suspected uranium
		weapons for civilians, troops and expatriates in afghanistan. these
		potential hazards are important for international employers and aid
		organisations and countries involved in a series of post-conflict support
		programmes and international peacekeeping forces in afghanistan, the
		middle east and africa. the report mystery
		metal nightmare in afghanistan? was particularly intended for
		occupational health professionals and un and other international aid
		agencie. 
many of the new weapon systems used in afghanistan were also used in the
		second gulf war in iraq in 2003 and in ongoing operations in iraq e.g.
		fallujah and in afghanistan. until environmental contamination, and the medical
		condition of troops and civilians in afghanistan and iraq are investigated
		these hazards raise serious health, safety and legal responsibilities for
		employers and governments. this new threat was explained in hazards of suspected uranium weapons for iraq (sept 2002) in
		the community projects section. this analysis plus recent findings from the us
		patent office and preliminary medical test results for afghan civilians were
		published in a second report hazards of
		uranium weapons for afghanistan and iraq (october 2002). in view of recent
		concerns about us weapons used in falluja a new downloadable version of this
		report was added in nov 2005.
these issues were debated in the european parliament on 12
		february 2003 in strasbourg and a resolution calling for an moratorium on
		these weapons was passed. a new
		slide show
summarises recent investigations and potential radiation hazards from
		new us weapons for civilians and troops in iraq. two weeks later a
		briefing in westminster was offered for uk
		mps, peers and ngos to these hazards).
the start of the iraq war despite
		widespread international concern placed immense strains on international
		relations and the world economy. it involves specific health and safety
		concerns for civilians, troops and other expatriates in iraq, with major
		public and occupational health implications. each new crisis in an already
		unstable world is a challenge and an opportunity for community, peace and
		political psychology. a first post-war assessment (march 2002) considered key issues
		for united nations uranium testing plans in post-conflict iraq. to date (april
		2004) un testing in iraq has still not been allowed to start.
in july 2006 the israeli/lebanon
		conflict started another post-conflict trauma cycle for communities
		in the middle east. unfortunately many of the weapon systems used were similar
		to those used in the balkans, afghanistan and iraq - with similar potential
		long term health, safety and environmental hazards. on
		30th august 2006 these concerns were discussed
		un priorities for investigating uranium and other
		suspected illegal weapons in the israel/lebanon conflict. i visited lebanon
		in september, described in the  eos weapons
		study in iraq, september 2006 - interim report and again in november 2006.
		these studies led to a number of discussions with un staff and ngos in geneva
		and other concerned organisations groups in switzerland, austria, uk and the
		middle east. a combined
		lebanon report is also available. 
other eos pages list trauma support
		resources and the powerful transition periods
		that follow major traumas (such as natural disasters, wars and terrorist
		attacks like 9/11) described in the community projects
		index. we hope these may be useful for traumatised communities in both
		israel and lebanon, and for aid programmes working with them. 
about eos
eos career services is named
		after eos, the greek goddess of dawn and symbol of hope. it is an independent
		consultancy based in surrey, uk. it was set up in 1986 by career consultant
		dai
		williams, a chartered occupational psychologist. the eos life work project aims to increase awareness
		and to offer practical advice for
		topical issues
		in the world of work. it covers our action research and international
		networking activities via the internet. we liaise with other specialists in
		work and organizational psychology, human resource management and occupational
		health. we offer comprehensive career management, personal development and
		career crisis support programmes. 

using this
		site
this site has many internal and external links. click "back" on your
		browser to return to previous pages or sections. you can use the site
		guide on the left to explore different areas, or start by clicking the box
		below that suits your interest. to print a page without the site guide
		click once anywhere on the page you want and set your print options to
		"print selected frame": 


 for your
			  life and career
 for your
			  organisation
 personnel
			 / hr &  occupational health 


 life~work themes
 community
			 projects
 professional
			 networking


 
to contact
		eos
 
 dai williams, chartered occupational psychologist
		eos career services32 send road, sendwoking, surrey gu23 7et, 
uk 
to email your comments or questions to us click here >
		eosuk@btinternet.comphone within uk:
		01483-222017 outside uk: +44-1483-222017  [click here and zoom
		for local area map of send - provided by multimap &
		bing maps.]
public domain and
		copyright 
eos life work is a division of  eos career
		services which retains copyright for all information on this site
		excluding links to other organisations and references to other authors. it is
		offered as public domain information - free to individuals, education, academic
		research and community organisations provided eos copyright is acknowledged.
		prior permission is required for commercial use or publication. 

page updated 2nd january 2014.
		   copyright © eos career services 2014
  
return to top of page
hook for transmgt reroute
hook for umetadatahook for bps lcc 
intro  i
		  for
		you  i 
for your
		organisation  i lifework themes
 i 
career first
		aid lifework boundaries  i
		 community projects i
		 eoslifework
		forum specialist services  i
		 professional networking  i 
psychology
		news i pdf
		tips 

