






texas broadcast museum






































































home
news
event center
exhibits

museum
espn mobile unit
telecruiser
lee harvey oswald camera
radio studio
tv news studio


videos
reviews
donate
contact us

 


select page


  
 
 
















visit the museuma fun walk down memory lane










newshere’s the latest going on at the museum!










new studio planstexas broadcast museum receives large equipment donation, plans to create new studio










espn mobile unitpreserving the past!










the dumont telecruiser eye-witness to history! 










lee harvey oswald camerahistorical camera from the infamous murder










fully functional radio studio a true blast from the past! 










television news studio channel 56 news set 















studio 4 event center are you looking for a unique venue in kilgore, tx to hold your next event? click to learn more and reserve! 













take a step back in time with a visit to the
texas broadcast museum
 the museum offers an eclectic mix of vintage broadcast memorabilia and equipment, which is sure to delight the young and old alike.
come by and check out the “lee harvey oswald” camera, which was present at oswald’s assassination.
imagine yourself as a news broadcaster or weather person on our fully functional tv news studio. listen to one of thomas edison’s recording inventions or discover the televisions and radios from days gone by. make sure to take a peek inside the restored 1949 dumont telecruiser, plus much more!

a word about donations
if you have that pile of old stuff that’s just been sitting in the barn or basement, it might be something we’ve been looking for. old tv cameras, tape systems, audio equipment or early radios and tv sets? old hardware manuals? give us a call or shoot us an email. we’re almost out of space, but when something really interesting comes along, we have to make room for it. for us, older is better!
please note, the museum does not accept equipment or literature based on unsolicited donations. if you wish to propose a donation of equipment or other ephemera please contact us in advance, either by email or telephone. contact information is on our web site.
we really appreciate it when you send us pictures of the proposed donation materials for us to consider. we are simply too low on space to accommodate some otherwise well intended donations. please do not send or deliver any material to the museum for potential donation without contacting us first. the museum will not be responsible for the return or caring for any unsolicited donation.
if you would like to help us in our work, please consider contributing some spare time and talent to our much-needed restoration efforts. we are always looking for volunteers. there are a wide variety of ways you can help us. we really need tour guides, repair technicians, display builders, carpenters, cabinet restorers, legal and accounting assistance, advertising and promotion, building maintenance and just about any task you can think of that an ordinary business would require. although we are an all-volunteer operated 501(c)(3) not for profit, we operate the museum in a businesslike manner. what talents do you have that you’d be willing to share?
of course, there is always money. the museum owns its building and real estate, but insurance, utilities and maintenance are huge expenses. besides the modest admission fee and seasonal facility rental for special events, the museum relies on donations from our supporters. can you help?



hours:10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on fridays and saturdays. groups by special appointment.
call 903-985-8115 to reserve a time or for more information – email us here.
admission:

adults $10
seniors, military, students & first responders $8
kids 3-11 $5
under 3 free

all children under 12 must be accompanied and supervised by an adult at all times.
are you looking for an event venue for your upcoming party, corporate event, family reunion or celebration? our event center is a perfect choice:  12×20 foot stage with podium, 13,000-watt sound system, three 150” video projectors, a club-style lighting system designed for dances and other music events, and easy load in and load out.
studio 4 can accommodate up to 125 guests seated at tables (or 150 seated theater style). tables and chairs are available directly from studio 4 or you may choose rentals from one of the area vendors. access to the exhibits at the texas broadcast museum is included in the studio 4 package.
texas radio hall of fame
visit the texas radio hall of fame when you come to the museum.  they are an organization dedicated to the recognition of broadcasting agents in the lone star state.  to visit their website go to http://trhof.net/ or call them at (713) 569-7716









mission statement: chalk hill educational media, inc. d/b/a texas museum of broadcasting & communications shall collect, preserve and showcase the history of electronic communications, educate and entertain patrons of all ages and maintain a library of historical documents and media.
our vision: the museum will use the inventions and innovations of the past to inspire interest and foster imagination in the fields of electronics and communications.



we need your help!
the museum is funded entirely through donations, both in cash and in kind. we only have a nominal admission charge, with special rates for students and seniors. please contact us if you’re interested in donating equipment or volunteering. we’re always glad to have the help!
chalk hill educational media, inc. d/b/a texas museum of broadcasting & communications is an irs recognized 501[c][3] not for profit public charity. as such all donations are deductible to the full extent of the irs code.














 







privacy
cookies
follow us on 
watch us on 
check us out on 
call us at 903-985-8115
 



© [wpsos_year] texas broadcast museum | all rights reserved | website designer - lennis design 















