








home - gci





































































































skip to content
906.779.2303180 traders mine rd po box 490 iron mountain, mi 49801










home
about gci

awards
affiliations
news
testimonials


experience

commercial experience
education experience
healthcare experience
industrial experience
retail experience
multi-unit residential experience
public facilities experience


services

preconstruction services
construction management
design build
general contracting
building maintenance


blog
contact us

careers
subcontractors


 












beyond what you will find in your typical construction company
gundlach champion

more information 





over a century of commercial construction experience
gundlach champion

more information 




 















who we are 











with over a century of experience, gundlach champion has been providing preconstruction and construction delivery systems with exceptional service and value to a diverse range of clients across multiple markets. today, the gci team brings over 350 years of combined experience to every commercial construction project from new buildings to renovations. gundlach champion’s mission is to build relationships and become the “construction company of choice.”  to maintain this status of excellence, we are committed to safety, quality, customer service, and integrity. we believe in personal involvement with all of our clients. 






learn more













 
 play video















gci works throughout the northern great lakes region. we would be pleased to discuss your construction project with you.  










get in touch















our construction services 


















 




							preconstruction						


						preconstruction services are used to plan a project prior to any actual construction beginning and include more than just construction cost estimating.					













 




							construction management						


						with the construction management delivery method, the owner selects a construction manager (cm) based on his or her qualifications.					













 




							design/build						


						with the "design build" option (also referred to as a turn-key 
contract), the contractor, architect, and engineer are allied, working together to serve the owner.					

















 




							general contracting						


						when working with the general contracting (gc) delivery method, the owner hires a general contractor to supervise and build a project from a design provided by the owner. 					













 




							building maintenance						


						we can provide any size crew necessary to perform maintenance operations during temporary shutdowns, while existing operations continue, and after 
normal working hours.					













more service info
















a tradition of exceptional construction services 



gundlach champion (gci) is the marriage of two of the nation’s most storied and inventive construction firms: herman gundlach, inc. founded in 1898, and champion, inc. founded in 1921 – the latter company with corporate roots that stretch back to 1909. 















 



 



 











 

1898
herman gundlach, inc.
herman gundlach, inc. was founded in houghton, michigan as a commercial and residential construction company with high standards of ethics and performance. 





1909
champion, inc.
the roots of champion, inc. are traced to 1909 when the m. j. bacco construction company of iron mountain, michigan began building roads in the upper midwest of the united states. 

 





 

1921
champion gravel company 
as a result of increased need for aggregate to build roads, bacco, son of italian immigrant angelo bacco, ​ formed champion gravel company in partnership with the spear family of marquette, michigan. a young louie verrette, the nephew of medio bacco, and only 14 years old, began his career with the champion gravel company as the new assistant timekeeper. 





1971
champion, inc. president
the current owner bill verrette, son of louie, was named president of champion, inc.  

 





 

1989
marriage of champion and gundlach
champion, inc. acquired herman gundlach, inc., a longtime competitor and corporate friend with a similar work ethic and high standards of performance. we have since expanded our offerings to include a suite of professional industry services. 






we offer construction services throughout the northern great lakes region. please contact us to discuss your construction project.  

 


























a construction team dedicated to your best interests
in today’s economy, public or private companies and organizations are expected to provide services or products for less, while dealing with ever-increasing costs. we have tailored our construction services to help you meet these challenges by providing the project management services required to minimize cost and maximize gain.
a project doesn’t succeed unless we all work together. we deliver a team approach on every construction project, involving the owners and design teams throughout the decision making process. from the office to the field, we are a united team, staying in constant communication. we conduct internal project kick-off meetings and monthly job reviews, as well as external weekly and monthly progress meetings with contractors and owners.
safety is our #1 priority. gci is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for all employees, contractors, and visitors. we believe our employees are our most valuable resource and all accidents and incidents are preventable. it’s only through the hard work of our safety team, project managers, and superintendents that we have received multiple agc michigan and national safety awards, demonstrating our dedication to safety.
we control major work packages by self-performing the work, ensuring the project stays on schedule and reduces the overall cost of having to hire different contractors. because gci has been a contractor in the upper peninsula of michigan and northern wisconsin since 1898, we have long established relationships with subcontractors for various services to draw from when needed. through this trusted resource, we can provide consistent and efficient subcontractor management. gci has signatory relationships with various trade organizations, such as ironworkers, millwrights, operators, carpenters, masons, and laborers. this gives us the ability to provide a pool of local, professional, safety-conscious, trained employees within each community we work.
delivery methods to meet the demands of your construction project
by offering clients a variety of delivery methods, including construction management, design/build, and general contracting, gci is able to tailor its services to meet the unique needs and schedule requirements of your project.

preconstruction
construction management
design/build
general contracting
building maintenance

gci works throughout the northern great lakes region. we would be pleased to discuss your construction project with you. 















 

 

 
 

 
facebook
linkedin


 





site by conach marketing group
 | all rights reserved gundlach champion, inc. © 2022 











































