






agathon gmbh






















































 







 



















email
info@agathon-moulds.com


phone
+49 (0)201 545 940 - 0


address
carnaperhof 445329 essen



© alrights reserved
by agathon gmbh




 











home
products
about us

history

contact

team ticket service prosweets 2025

 




















agathon gmbh 





 






carnaperhof 445329 essen 




„the agathon group bring specialized knowledge and experience to the table, helping clients navigate the complexities of the product developments more effectively.“ 





intelligencein moulding 













conceptdevelopmentrealisationsupportbrandfood design centerconvisionsinnovation hub 












01. mould design 





our focus on understanding clients' business goals, target audience, and unique challenges. 








0
y


					specialized knowledge and experience				





in addition to producing chocolate moulds from food-grade plastics, agathon is also a competent system partner for all of the major chocolate manufacturers globally as well the key moulding line manufacturers. from product development to the design and production of the mould; agathon delivers rapid, tailor-made solutions first time, every time. and this makes us more than just an efficient partner. 





invest to save – agathon is the leading manufacturer of chocolate moulds for large-scale industrial production worldwide. 






										explore us more                






high performancein chocolate 









 










02. services 





agathons innovative approach 





160 qualified specialist 





 







innovation department 





 







food design center 





 







quality oriented culture 





 







logtec-solutions 





 







environmental responsibility 





 











										explore all services                






agathon has more than 75 years experience in producing chocolate moulds, accompanied by an extensive knowledge of the industry. with the chocolate design center (cdc), agathon created in 2010 a platform for rapid concept development, always with a view to technical and production feasibility. the cdc also supports customers with online workshops to discuss the design by all parties, such as marketing experts, project managers or packaging specialists. inhouse workshops benefit from agathon’s facilities, including our chocolate kitchen and the speedy production of sample cavities.chocovisions was founded in 2015 and aligned with agathon’s capabilites for technological advancements in the chocolate mould industry. the core business of chocovisions is the development of creative products, processes and technical concepts for our customers. for agathon, chocovisions acts as inhouse innovation management to support efficient solutions for tools and processes. the synergies between the newly formed chocovisions department, the cdc and agathon greatly enhance the effectiveness and competency as a whole and strengthens agathon’s systematic and customer friendly approach. 










products 






03. selected products 






										view all products                











 



agathon moulds

								metal folding frames							












 



agathon moulds

								product carriers							












 



agathon moulds

								spinner moulds 							












 



agathon moulds

								frame moulds							












 



agathon moulds

								silicone moulds							












 



agathon moulds

								carrierless moulds							












 



agathon moulds

								profiled moulds							












 



agathon moulds

								double moulds							












 



agathon moulds

								mould inserts							












 



agathon moulds

								book moulds							












 



agathon moulds

								sample moulds							












 



agathon moulds

								carrier moulds							












 



agathon moulds

								spare parts							












 



agathon moulds

								wrapping units							












 



agathon moulds

								transportation mould							












 



agathon moulds

								grid moulds							























04. the agaton brands 



there are no limits to innovation at agathon. our brands: 






 





 





 






innovative technologies and processes 



high quality mould production 



creative chocolate design 









total cost of ownership 



total cost of ownership for our customers is always the focus of our involvement. innovative overall projects minimise downtime and maximise the use of your production capacity. recent examples using rfid, fea calculations, mould-flow analysis, simulations of mechanical influences on production and fatigue durability studies with field tests show that we consider your processes as a whole. 











developmentpurchaserepairs & maintenanceservice & supportupgradesretirement 













 





manufacturing competency 



agathon, for more than half a century, has been synonymous with chocolate moulds of the very highest quality that are best in class, using the power of innovation and state-of-the-art technology. read more of our ambitions for the future, production methods, testing and quality assurance procedures on the following pages. quality made by agathon.read more of our ambitions for the future, our state-of-the-art technologies, production methods, testing and quality assurance procedures that we use to ensure that agathon quality is second to none. 









05. convisions 






										go to our logtec-website                








logtec.
shaping the future of production. 






logtec a2 





the specialist 





usb 







logtec m1 





the multitasker 





usb + bluetooth 







logtec wm1 





the champion 





usb + wifi 












06. the team 





always there for you – our sales team 





 
 


 
		lisa schiesser			
 
					head of sales & business development				







 
 


 
		janarumi			
 
					head of customer service & project management				







 
 


 
		dr. andrea contin			
 
					project management				







 
 


 
		felixgramoschke			
 
					project management				









 
 


 
		dr. karoline rörig			
 
					business development management				







 
 


 
		max reineke			
 
					project management				







 
 


 
		mireia taberner			
 
					project management				







 
 


 
		ninaroland			
 
					project management				












 








07. our news 



take a lookinside of agathon 





 



 



inside agathon 



			9. januar 2025		




			it’s done. our move to the new factory is complete        


read more about it’s done. our move to the new factory is complete
			read more		





 



inside agathon 



			23. dezember 2024		




			see you at the prosweets trade fair in cologne!        


read more about see you at the prosweets trade fair in cologne!
			read more		


 





 





get started now 



if you would like to work with us or just want to get in touch, we’d love to hear from you! 







address 



agathon gmbhcarnaperhof 445329 essen | germany 





contact 



tel. +49 (0)201 545 940 – 0fax +49 (0)201 545 940 – 40email info@agathon-moulds.com 










email





 










© 2024 – 2025 | all rights reserved by agathon gmbh | germany  








imprint




privacy policy




career











 












































