










progressive american cuisine - port land grille


















































our story
menu

starters
entrees
desserts
wines


private parties
reservations
from the grille
gift cards
contact
wine dinner
sign up
 


select page


  
 
 














from the grille.sourced from sustainable farms and grilled over natural hard wood charcoal.
view the menu









from the land.free range meats, heirloom vegetables, fresh herbs, and house made spice blends.
view the menu









from the port.our selection of wood grilled seafood changes with the whims of the sea.
view the menu









from the grille.sourced from sustainable farms and grilled over natural hard wood charcoal.
view the menu










port land grille is minutes from the beach.
our large windows overlook a beautifully landscaped patio area, complete with a fountain and live oak trees. it’s a great destination for your next celebration or gathering.
plan a private event











serving a casual yet elegant dining experience.
our staff is armed with an appreciation for fine cuisine, a keen knowledge of every dish, and a dash of southern charm.
get to know us







in the media






one look at the menu at port land grille, and you get it—the name’s clever play on words, with the comingling of surf and turf, and the playful attitude of mixing up local with global. but there’s even more to the name.
elizabeth wiegand
coastal gourmet



one of the most rich and flavorful fine-dining experiences i have ever had-out of many cities across the states and even some internationally—actually makes its home on the menu at the locally-hailed port land grille, where culinary genius remains at the hands of chef shawn wellersdick. every time i have visited the restaurant. i have tasted a variation of items: elk, bison, duck, pate, lamb, crab and the list goes on. yet as a seafood lover, it is their #1 grade yellow fin tuna, served rare, that keeps my taste buds’ memory in constant appetency.
shea carver
spring restaurant review



the atmosphere, food and service were all top notch. they accommodated moving our seating when sitting by a window was a little too cool for my lady. we enjoyed lamb and duck. molten chocolate cake topped off a delicious meal on a very special night. will be going back to celebrate more and new special occasions!
tim h.







view all news







fine-dining awaits.
make a reservation









 








location1908 eastwood road, suite 111
wilmington, nc 28403
tel: 910.256.6056
hourstues-sat: 5:30 pm - until
follow usfacebook
instagram
twitter
reviews & accolades




 




              ©2025. port land grille | all rights reserved.
              website design and hosting provided by sage island

 

 
 
 















