























mojoland - odessa permian high school football






































































skip to content



 



mojoland
odessa permian football








    menu	
home
updates  

game stories
2-6a standings
mojoland fantasy
lone star fantasy


team  

schedule
roster
coaches


gameday  

ratliff stadium
stadium locator


featured  

alma mater / fight song
sportz time capsule
friday night lights
paw of fame


history  

victory board
school history
origin of mojo
former players
former coaches


site info  

about mojoland
site accolades



  scroll down to content












mojoland – land of the legend







 
fantasyannouncement24 records24 eastlakepermsports 




  


https://mojoland.net/wp-content/uploads/welcome.mp3
welcome to the ‘land of the legend’, the online den of the permian panthers.  the mojoland® website came into existence in 1996 as a response to buzz bissinger’s book ‘friday night lights’. as a graduate of odessa permian high school, i found portions of the book questionable at best.  want accuracy and truth about our mojo football program?  this isn’t hollywood with its scripts and hype.
we are the real permian panthers… and this is mojoland®.
 






fantasy playoff champions
december 22 – celebrating our 20th anniversary of yahoo nfl fantasy football, the gunslingers and agape angels were crowned champions.


records broken in playoff loss
november 22 – while gavin black set the new single season rushing record, the panthers were handed the worst playoff loss in program history.


mojo set for area rematch
november 16 – permian will travel to ft worth to face the state’s #3 ranked north crowley.  the two teams met last year in the state playoffs.


permian advances in playoffs
november 15 – after defeating el paso eastlake 41-21 in the bi-district playoff, the panthers advance to the area round of the state playoffs.


final district 2-6a standings
november 8 – the panthers finish the regular season 7-3.  permian qualifies and will now turn its focus to the state playoffs.




district 2-6a – football – permian – panthers – ratliff stadium – odessa – texas
mojo – mojoland® – award winning – prep – high school – friday night lights
mojoland® brand and site contents are the intellectual property of terry alan.













home
mojo news
site accodales
terms of use
contact us
 

 


facebook  
twitter  
truth  
email  
 


		created by terry alan	











error: content is protected !!




























































































































































































