







contract furniture supplied by foremost furniture.











































































 













skip to content








facebookpinterestxlinkedininstagramyoutube 

view quote listmy account remember meregister 



 













 









homeabout us terms and conditionsprevious workget a quoteproducts chairsstoolscabinetstablessofasfixed seatingrefurbishmentsalvage furniturebrunel/industrialcafeoutdoor furniturespecial offerscontact usvacanciessocial media youtubefacebooktwitterpinterestinstagramcare and maintenance 


search for:










homeabout us terms and conditionsprevious workget a quoteproducts chairsstoolscabinetstablessofasfixed seatingrefurbishmentsalvage furniturebrunel/industrialcafeoutdoor furniturespecial offerscontact usvacanciessocial media youtubefacebooktwitterpinterestinstagramcare and maintenance 


search for:










homeabout us terms and conditionsprevious workget a quoteproducts chairsstoolscabinetstablessofasfixed seatingrefurbishmentsalvage furniturebrunel/industrialcafeoutdoor furniturespecial offerscontact usvacanciessocial media youtubefacebooktwitterpinterestinstagramcare and maintenance




 









foremost contract furniturechris reeves2024-06-13t09:03:49+01:00 
 
 loading...







































click here to search for products on the site.best selling products


 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 

search 


search for:










foremost furniture ltd – contract pub, cafe & restaurant suppliers
pub contract furniture and refurbishment specialists.
foremost furniture limited are able to supply a vast range of pub contract furniture products in a variety of finishes, specific to each individual client’s needs. all of our own products are hand finished by time-served craftsmen and craftswomen. we supply new and salvaged pub, café, restaurant, healthcare and office furniture. in addition to the above, we also supply outdoor/external furniture and accessories.
we are happy to provide no obligation quotes, to liaise with designers, give advice on design, produce bespoke products for you, and will be pleased to visit any venue, nationwide free of charge to tender for works for any contract furniture.
we specialise in refurbishing our customers’ existing pub contract furniture. we take our responsibilities for the impact that our activities have on the environment seriously and to this end, whilst refurbishing your contract furniture, we reuse and recycle reconstituted foam, use recycled plastic fibre fillings wherever possible and only use wood from suppliers who are fsc registered and source their wood from sustainably managed forests.
we have an extensive manufacturing unit incorporating contract furniture making wood shop, in-house polishing shop, upholstery work shop and our own fleet of delivery vehicles. in addition to providing new quality contract furniture, we also have approximately 30,000 square feet of quality salvage pub contract furniture, including chairs, tables, settles and dumbwaiters etc. we specialise in transforming furniture from bygone ages into contract furniture fit for use in the contract market.  we do this sympathetically and in keeping with its era. you can visit the factory yourself and choose the contract furniture you want or one of our dedicated representatives will be pleased to meet you at your premises to discuss your requirements.
all of our pub contract furniture, both new and salvage comes with a twelve-month guarantee.
foremost furniture ltd – contract pub, cafe & restaurant suppliers.




 
 





 
trustpilot


 



foremost furniture ltd, no.1 carrs industrial estate, bentwood road, haslingden, bb4 5hh
phone: 01706 218150
email: sales@ffuk.org

informationprivacy policy
terms and conditions
policies
links
social media










 

 

 
 
 





		© copyright    |   foremost furniture    |   all rights reserved   |   designed by webhunter web design manchester 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

to request a quote - please sign in.  dismiss





















 


go to top




