









	water purification systems | custom pure | water filtration systems | seattle






















contact us
about custom pure

our approach to water treatment
what customers say
job opportunities
contact us
hours & directions


learning center

water treatment methods for drinking water

deionization by ion exchange
steam distillation
reverse osmosis
acid-alkaline water ionizers
activated carbon
redox method 

fluoride
nsf testing
bpa - bisphenol a
emergency water
minerals in water
health effects of drinking demineralized water


self-serve locations
product warranty
checkout













pay my bill

×



to pay your bill, please call us at (206) 363-0039.
alternatively, you can email us at info@custompure.com to request a callback for payment assistance.
for your security: please do not send payment information via email, as it is not a secure method for sharing sensitive details.


close


















 



water guide

overview
free water consultation

commercial water consultation
residential water consultation
workplace water consultation

comparing drinking water systems
choosing a drinking water system


residential

overview
free water consultation
drinking water equipment

mb series: water filters that remove fluoride and other contaminants
carbon block filtration
steam distiller
gravity feed filter
ultraviolet

faucets for filters
shower & bath filters
owner’s manuals & how to videos
installation and service 


commercial

overview
free water consultation
installation and service


workplace

overview
free water consultation
bottle free dispenser
high purity filter
taste improvement filter
installation and service


self-serve

overview
water quality
bottle selection
bottle care
self-serve locations
slimline shower filter bn















206-363-0039 




search



 










online store



 



products for drinking water
products for shower water
bottled water accessories
faucets
replacement filters
miscellaneous products







 
contact us





206.363.0039
info@custompure.com

    custom pure
the water store
    1514 ne 179th street
    seattle,wa 98155

    10 am-5 pm monday thru friday
	saturday and sunday closed






 
 
 








 water purification systems, bpa free bottles and more! getting a water filter can be a complicated and disappointing process if you don’t know what you are doing.  sure, you can go to your local hardware store and pick up something.  but will it be the right filter for the job?  you might be asking yourself ...  do i need a drinking water filter for the kitchen sink (point of use – pou) or                                           should i be getting a filter for the whole house (point of entry – poe)? if i want to remove fluoride from my water, will any filtration system do the job? where can i get a filter with a bottleless cooler for my office? how can i get a shower filter to match the finish of my bathroom fixtures? which filters are the most environmentally friendly? i’ve got equipment at work that requires deionized water. what is that?how do i get bottled water with bpa free bottles?  custom pure the water store is where you can find a variety of purification systems and bottled water options to meet your particular needs. but even more importantly, we are trained professionals ready to help you determine what type of water treatment equipment is needed for your particular application. from improving the drinking water in your home and office, to designing custom systems for intricate commercial applications, custom pure can provide the equipment, install it and service it.        our primary focus is on point of use (pou) filtration — or filtering water just before it gets used.  this enables us to remove more contaminants with a smaller filter, eliminate recontamination from the plumbing, and provide a more affordable solution to a water problem. contaminants in water can alter the way food tastes, can reduce the serviceable life of costly equipment and can leave spots where there should be none.  custom pure has a long history with helping companies from a variety of industries manage their water quality problems. custom pure's office filter systems can provide you with delicious tasting water for your employees and customers but without the high cost and storage problems related to delivered bottled water. filter and cooler systems for the office make so much sense. custom pure's self-serve bottled water is a great way to have your own supply of the cleanest, freshest water in bpa free bottles — at 17 self-serve locations throughout seattle. discover why it's a great idea to bottle your own water!        




    © 2010 custom pure. all rights reserved.
[conlib:googleanalyticswidget]
  privacy policy | sitemap














