








notary certification in florida | florida notary association















































skip to main content


















    our phones are temporarily not working.  please email us at mail@flnotary.com or try calling back later.
  



(407) 894-6614





home
apply
renew
r.o.n.

products

membership
new & renewal notary package
e&o insurance
supplies
additional bonds
name change
address change
stamps & certificates


resources

procedures
dos & don’ts
education
definitions
weddings
faqs
notary news blog


about
contact








                  hassle free
              way to become
                  a florida notary
              we’re a “one stop shop” for notaries:fastest processing in the industry – 10 business days or lessfree online course – required for new notaries4 year package – $119 + flat rate shipping – self-inking stamp, $7500 bond, certificate & state fees  
         become a notary
      
         renew your notary
      
just 3 simple steps1applicationcomplete our easy online applicationwe are a state approved notary processor with a direct, secure link to the state.
                    get started!
                  2paymentsubmit your payment of choicewe accept amex, mastercard, visa, checks and purchase orders.3deliveryreceive your notary commissionyour package will be mailed out within 10 business days or less.ready - set - shop!supplies & accessorieseverything a notary needs & more
                        shop now! group discountscall for details 407-894-6614
                        or contact us online find out how to become a notary pro
                view member benefits
              family owned & operated since 1978florida notary association was very easy to work with. the company has fast and friendly customer service! i was able to get my notary renewal paperwork done and new stamp in hand well ahead of my renewal date. thank you!!carrie hardyahg group, llcflorida notary is great and everyone i worked with is amazing. the process was painless to obtain a notary public commission. i came from kentucky and was uncertain how the process would work in florida. florida notary made it simple, easy and a snap, because i had multiple questions coming from another state. they are top notch, talented, courteous and professional in assisting you through the process. thank you florida notary!ann mccueoffice administratorelerick & elerick, p.a.i have been very pleased with the service and quality of supplies from florida notary. i highly recommend them!barbararoyal oaks medical centeras the certified public accounting firm for florida notary association, we see first-hand their talent level, professionalism, and courteous personalized treatment of their client-base. they are responsive, prompt and provide you with exceptional service. we recommend florida notary association with the highest level of confidence!linda m. elerick, c.p.a.presidentelerick & elerick, p.a.we have used florida notary association for years and couldn’t ask for a better group to work with. they take care of all the details for us – which makes the whole process super easy. they are the best!charmon shufordcapstone valuation advisors llci was so surprised and delighted to see how quickly my application was taken care of by florida notary association. their service is top notch. i called with a question, which was immediately resolved, and i look forward to taking advantage of their resources to get the most out of my notary business.pamela brudnobusiness owner
          4.9/5 customer reviews
        view more reviews on google 

hours of operationmonday – friday
9am – 5pmaddressflorida notary association
529 north fern creek avenue, suite b
orlando, florida 32803get directionsphonelocal: 407-894-6614fax:  407-896-8931privacy policyterms & conditions
      copyright © 2025 florida notary association | all rights reserved
      | website design & development by
      ihs website solutions(407) 894-6614become a notaryrenew your notary back to top


















