

medical, healthcare and surgery center design by gordon & associates architects


























home
design services
gallery
surgery centers
ophthalmology
orthopaedics
urology
international
staff
contact us

















													committed exclusively to private healthcare design since 1977










																	florida eye center 
																	
																	mark a. sibley, m.d., f.a.c.s. 
																	
																	st. petersburg, florida









retina consultants of southwest florida 
										  
										  jamieson r. holmes, ceo
										  
							  fort meyers, post charlotte, cape coral, bonita springs, and naples, florida  

 "a building that is aesthetically pleasing to the eye, yet functional and efficient is important for any medical specialty. i believe it is especially important in ophthalmology, where the emphasis is on maintaining and improving vision. gordon & associates has created a design that is truly a delight to see, as well as a pleasure to work in." 
								    
-- jamieson r. holmes, ceo
						            
								  retina consultants of southwest florida





				internationally acclaimed gordon & associates, architects, is a recognized
				leader in private healthcare design, providing fine quality
				medical service environments -- primarily ambulatory surgery
				centers -- throughout the u.s., south america, europe, asia and
				australia. committed exclusively to the private medical community
				since 1977, gordon architects delivers unmatched expertise in efficiency
				and productivity, principally in ophthalmology, orthopaedics, urology and plastic surgery. 
		  
				renowned for providing state-of-the-art architectural and interior design as well as space planning, engineering and healthcare consulting, the firm has designed and developed over 300 ambulatory surgery centers and over 240 medical clinics during its 30 years in practice. 
		  


 "our mission is to design and develop 'a well place' 
					  that provides both efficiency and comfort 
					  
as a product of the design -- for patients, physicians and staff. 
					  
					  increased efficiency and productivity 
					  
					  let doctors see more patients per day, 
					  
					  and improves daily attitudes 
					  
					  and quality of life for all concerned. 
					  
					  consistently, gordon & associates' expertise 
					  adds immeasurably to the value of every project." 
			
-- michael l. gordon, aia, ncarb

owner and chief architect 

more about michael l. gordon, aia, ncarb



											3787 lake center drive · mount dora, florida 32757  telephone 352/383-6505 · facsimile 352/383-6130 
											
											members of the american institute of architects 











copyright ©2000-2010 gordon & associates, architects. all rights reserved 
													
													web site hosted and maintained by hypersystems, inc.


















