







home | sig sauer academy




































admin








0





my account



login


logout

















0







visitwhat to expectcampus and training facilitiesour locationslodging and attractionscoursesbeginner coursesintermediate coursesadvanced coursesspecialized trainingarmorer certificationprivate and customizable trainingcourse finderexperiencewhat is the experience centerflagship storethe range and membershipssig self defense training centermini-series and seminarsconference centereventscompetitions







×











 






new to firearms?


you’ve come to the right place! we’ll help you find the right course for your skills and interest.


get started


 










been here before?
if you’ve already taken a course at sig sauer academy, welcome back! it’s time to find your next course.
find your next course




armed professional?
sig sauer academy is dedicated to providing world class training for military and law enforcement professionals.  we offer expert turn-key training packages or personalized solutions both domestically and abroad.
learn more


















adventure awaits
it’s an exciting time at sig sauer academy and experience center. check out our upcoming events and join us for your next adventure.

upcoming events


no events available.




%description%
%start_date%
%location_description%









%event_type_excerpt%
%event_type_detailed_description%



event details
login to register
event details


 


 %location_city_state%
%location_city_state%




view all













%year%



your next destination for self-defense training!
join us at sig sauer academy’s sig self-defense training center for no-gi and gi brazilian jiu-jitsu. whether you’re a local resident, a traveling practitioner, or simply looking for your next place to train, join us in epping, nh, conveniently located on the sig sauer academy campus.
learn more
















%year%



world-class instructors
our passionate, expert instructors are ready to teach you how to shoot safely and confidently. come learn from the best in the world.
meet our instructors
















%year%



focus on your skills
have fun practicing what you learned in class with a membership to the public range. use your own firearm or rent a sig.
learn more










  

 

 

 

 

 







still have questions? we've got answers


frequently asked questions

what is the minimum age for taking a course?
in order to take courses, do i need to complete a background check?
how many people are in a course?
if i take a course, do i have to use a sig sauer firearm?
i am coming from out of town, where do people stay in epping?
i am not a u.s. citizen, can i register for a course without approval from the academy?











your cart
close








item(s) in cart

0




total

0.00




checkout now
































help
contact ushours of operationfaqs

legal
policiesterms



about
historyinstructorscareersgift cards



 sigsauer.com





sign up for news and updates










get updates













© sig sauer 2025. all rights reserved.






logged in as 





visitwhat to expectcampus and training facilitiesour locationslodging and attractionscoursesbeginner coursesintermediate coursesadvanced coursesspecialized trainingarmorer certificationprivate and customizable trainingcourse finderexperiencewhat is the experience centerflagship storethe range and membershipssig self defense training centermini-series and seminarsconference centereventscompetitions logout create account or sign in





































