














united safety authority

















unitedsafetyauthority.com













united safety authority of america

 
for a number of years this was the united safety authority's website.
united safety authority of america provided america with quality safety products and the best pricing available for over 20 years. they offered a wide variety of safety products including safety goggles, gloves, fall harnesses, protective clothing, plastic chains, airport barriers, ground protection mats, respirators, signs and more.

content is from the site's 2010-2014 archived pages providing just a glimpse of what this site offered its visitors.

please note the the site's domain has a new owner and no longer sells any products. 

united safety authority of america
warren, oh 44481-9450
 
celebrating 20 years in business
 






airport contractors
emergency response teams
ems and incident command
vehicle escorts
fire and police departments
general contractors
gas and oil industry






government - military, parks & recs, street dept, water dept
homeowners
janitorial
parking garages and lots
universities
utility contractors and companies






 

about safety supplies, products, and equipment

protect workers with safety supplies from united safety. choose from safety products including safety glasses, gloves, respirators, protective clothing, and more. find safety equipment to prevent falls, work in confined spaces, and to avoid serious head injuries. stock up on safety supplies today.

choosing safety supplies, products, and equipment

there are several different factors involved in providing safety supplies for workers. you'll want to consider the work being done, possible hazards, and what safety products workers will need. when choosing safety equipment, there's a wide variety of options available, including safety glasses, gloves, hearing protection, fall harnesses and lanyards, respirators, and much more. workers may only need one safety product or a combination. with the right safety supplies from united safety, workers will be protected.


 


 

circa 2011
united safety authority
woman owned small business  -  dedicated to jesus christ honesty and integrity.
whether you are looking for plastic water-filled low profile airport barriers, 360 degree solar airport lights, united safety has everything needed to cover your airport job.  united safety offers the most complete line of safety equipment, fall protection or personal safety products, no other company offers a wider selection, faster delivery and friendlier service
servicing the us, united safety authority of america is open monday through friday from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm est (closed on major holidays). orders can be placed online or over the phone. with shipping anywhere worldwide and a pci passed company, united safety authority of america is the only choice for businesses, government agencies and more. certain industries may require only one or two pieces of safety equipment while others may need a large combination of safety supplies. the experts at united safety authority of america can recommend the appropriate safety supplies for any industry including fire and police departments, emergency response teams, janitorial companies, homeowners, utility contractors and companies, and many others!
united safety authority is quickly becoming the leader in low profile airport barricades . highly visible (ansi) work wear, jackets, rainwear, safety vests and more. be sure to checkout our complete offering of water filled barriers. standing by to serve you with quality products, best bang for your buck and widest variety of product offerings.






former hours of operation
			monday-friday
			 8:00 a.m.- 4:30 p.m. est












welcome to united safety
please use the menu to the left to select the products you are looking for.
any questions you have regarding our products or pricing will be answered with one call
to 866-872-8411.
know that any chance we get we will offer products made in america to help support our economy
and perhaps save a job or two.
we look forward to serving you and establishing a long lasting relationship.







 






if you don't see what your looking for
please call 866-872-8411 not everything is on the website !
duns number 943174011
cage code 1pr12
please note regarding pricing: we do not publish prices due to market fluctuation, quantity discounts and dealer discounts. 
please call, email or fax us for a competitive quote. thanks


we service


airport contractors and security 


emergency response teams


ems and incident command


fire and police departments


military • municipal


universities and government


parking garages 


industrial • janitorial
				homeowners • contractors • utility locator's markets 


featuring the highest quality safety products and utility marking products in the industry.

extensive product knowledge
superior quality products
woman-owned-and-operated business
over 50 years combined  industry experience
our dedication to jesus christ is your guarantee of quality & reliability
contact us and let us know what you need! just give one of our representatives a call at   
866-usa-8411  and we'll be happy to serve your needs! in-stock items shipped same day!
if you don't see what your looking for please contact us to check availability














 
our barriers and 601slr lights are made in the usa with pride 
united safety authority offers more choices, more options than any other low profile airport runway barricade / barrier supplier. providing all the features you will ever need to meet your exacting specifications. our products out perform the competititon. the usa low profile airport barrier "the barnstormer" or portable low profile airport barricade is a specialty airport barrier (that can be filled with water or sand) of superior strength and quality to the competition. the usa airport barrier "the barnstormer"  is designed and built in 2 different sizes and can be used in a variety of security applications. if your needs are force protection, physical security, crowd control, or recreational use, this airport barrier is for you. these portable airport barricades are lightweight and extremely easy to transport making for quick deployment and recovery. the use of heavy equipment is not necessary for installation or relocation but all of the usa barriers "the barnstormer"  have fork truck entries if needed. when positioned and filled with either water or sand the usa airport barricade can act as a protective wall or prefabricated revetment wall. while filled with either ballast the usa airport barrier will not bulge or distort like other portable barricades because we have the thickest wall on the market. the usa airport barricade is designed to be stronger and more durable than others yet still be cosmetically pleasing. do to the appearance of the usa airport barrier you will no longer feel like placing a barrier in urban environments is out of the question. the usa airport barrier with its appearance coupled with the ability to produce a gray granite look makes for a less standoffish product while still maintaining the security that is needed. proudly made in the usa.
we also carry airport barricade lights, both solar and battery operated. our solar barricade lightscome in a screw in model that has a 360 degree red lens, bi-directional standard barricade light style with red lens snf solar panel. battery operated airport lights come with a red 360 degree lens as well as bi-directional red lens. made in usa.
x-marker warning signal
 x-marker warning signal is an effective and efficient means for warning pilots of closed airport runways and taxiways. the warning signal also protects maintenance crews working in these areas. the x-marker exceeds faa guidelines for shape configuration, providing highly visible lights on outstretched arms 27 feet long. easy to reposition, the x-marker quickly folds up for transport or storage
made in usa

looking for other styles or sizes of water-filled barriers. outstanding values in crowd control barriers. designed to protect and last. thickest wall composition for sturdy bulge free control. quick and easy deployment and removal. all our high quality barriers are proudly made in the usa.















in the ever-evolving landscape of technology and customer experience, we have developed cutting-edge solutions that address complex challenges across various industries. our approach goes beyond traditional problem-solving, particularly in sectors where data-driven insights can transform user experiences. take, for instance, our work in the digital entertainment space, where we collaborated with a seasoned devops engineer to analyze customer feedback systems. our recent project with uptown aces casino reviews exemplifies our commitment to solving intricate problems through advanced automation, big data analytics, and sophisticated data science techniques. by leveraging comprehensive review analysis, we created a revolutionary software solution that helps the casino understand nuanced customer experiences. our innovative approach dissects customer feedback, identifying patterns and insights that traditional methods might overlook. automation and intelligent data processing allow us to extract meaningful information from customer reviews, transforming raw feedback into actionable intelligence. this methodology not only enhances the casino's understanding of its service quality but also provides a framework for continuous improvement. we place tremendous emphasis on developing solutions that genuinely "make a difference" – whether it's in manufacturing, technology, or in this case, the competitive world of digital entertainment. our commitment remains steadfast: to design solutions that add quality, value, and integrity to the products and services our valued partners deliver, ultimately creating exceptional experiences for end-users.
 
rotational molding is a process by which a one-piece, seamless advanced plastic product is manufactured. the use of plastic resin, a roto-machine, and advanced tooling are all key components of the process. rrm has been involved in the process of rotational molding since 1988 and has continued to educate our customers and society on the use of rotational molding.
barriers are advanced plastic products that serve as a means of diverting, securing, and blocking the flow of oncoming pedestrians, vehicles, ballistics and other potentially dangerous encounters. currently they are used primarily for securing of facilities, support structures, and military forces.
proudly made in the usa.
















alturnamats
the original ground protection mats featuring
			maximum traction diamond plate tread design
 
these rugged mats are made of 1/2" thick polyethylene so they are virtually indestructible. they withstand vehicles weighing up to 60 tons, bend but do not break and they're guaranteed for a full six years. alturnamats have been tested in record cold and heat.
with alturnamats, getting stuck is virtually eliminated. they are available smooth on one side or smooth on both sides, ideal for removing dirt or gravel.
 

easily supports 60-ton loads
rugged 1/2" thick polyethylene
bold cleat design for great traction
build a roadway or working platform in minutes
leave turf smooth, even in soft conditions
no more splintered, warped, water logged plywood
simply hosing down leaves the mats clean
available in both black or white mats
mats can be locked together with turn-a-links forming a continuous roadway
guaranteed for six years







 


 
military, ems, fire and police. thank you for a job well done.to those that have made the supreme sacrifice our hearts hurt for your loss.we pray for you and your families for the sacrifices you have and are making. please be safe and have a blessed holiday season and may you all return home soon. please join us in praying for our troops and their families both here and overseas as they provide us the comfort of a peaceful sleep and a free nation.
may god bless each and everyone of you...




 



military outreach ministry   "mom"
a ministry of grace fellowship church. please contact them at gracechurchmom@aol.com. if you are or have a loved one serving here or abroad and need a little encouragement this is a good place to start.







 






if you go to this web site, www.letssaythanks.com you can pick out a thank you card and xerox will print it and it will be sent to a soldier that is currently serving in iraq .
it is free and it only takes a second.
our soldiers need to know we care.










 

the mission of the national ems memorial service is to honor and remember those men and women of america's emergency medical services who have given their lives in the line of duty, and to recognize the sacrifice they have made in service to their communities and their fellow man.










you can help nfff programs that support the families of fallen firefighters
			did you know that the national fallen firefighters foundation has affliate programs with amazon.com and kodak gallery? that means when you use the links below to purchase products you can help us support the families of our fallen firefighters.

 




 
 
mission statement
 
the officer down memorial page, inc., (odmp) is a non-profit organization dedicated to honoring america's fallen law enforcement heroes. more than 19,000 officers have made the ultimate sacrifice in the united states and it is with great honor that the odmp pays a lasting tribute to each of these officers by preserving their memories within its pages. all who visit the odmp will be deeply moved by the countless stories of selfless courage and heroism exhibited by officers who lost their lives while serving and protecting the citizens of this great nation.
 






our history
			a family owned business with over 40 years of experience representing hundreds of manufacturers, thousands of products, we are uniquely qualified to provide added value to companies seeking the right solution for your requirements.










 


customer service
			the employees of united safety authority will provide our customers with honest value, high quality and dedicated service. we will be leaders in innovation, development and growth in the marking, identification and safety products markets. we honor our history of excellence with respect for those we serve and one another.






 
 






our mission
			united safety authority, endeavors to be an organization continually centered on the teachings and principles of jesus christ. we will provide only quality products and services while conducting our business activities in a way based on sound biblical teaching. it is our mission to bring only praise and glory to our savior jesus christ.







our church grace fellowship

unitedsafetyauthority.com












