hard rock cafes | local delivery and pickup at our music themed restaurants around the worldskip to content   hardrock.com cafes hotels casino shop online gamesorder nowdelivery pickup (us cafes) pickup (eu cafes) reserve a table ×reservationsunity™ by hard rock  go to this locationfind another location toggle navigation    order nowdelivery pickup (us cafes) pickup (eu cafes)menulocationscateringparties & eventsgift cardsshopfranchisingorder nowdelivery pickup (us cafes) pickup (eu cafes)reservations valentine's at hard rock cafecelebrate valentine's with our specially curated menu from now until february 21st. learn more link to valentine's at hard rock cafe celebrate valentine's with our specially curated menu from now until february 21st.  captain messi's new kid's meal & morehard rock is excited to introduce our new captain messi kids menuand captain messi collectible superhero toy. learn more  amplify your eventsfrom office parties to holiday functions, hard rock cafe has you covered this holiday season with over 170 locations around the world! learn more  rewards built around uunity by hard rock lets you earn and redeem incredible rewards while doing what you love at participating hard rock cafes, hotels, casinos, and more. learn more  let us cater to youwhether it is a office lunch, meal for the family or a celebration… let hard rock cafe cater to all your needs. learn more welcome to hard rock cafehard rock cafe home pagejoin the fun at hard rock cafestep into the spotlight and immerse yourself into a world of music, iconic memorabilia, and of course – delicious food.view locations  valentine's at hard rock cafeyour perfect valentine's evening starts at hard rock cafe with our prix fixe menu. available now until february 21st.book now  visit our rock shopexplore our rock shop for exclusive hard rock cafe tees, pins, collectibles, accessories, & more!shop now  delivery just went platinum!our delicious menu items are now available to be ordered online for fast delivery to your front door.order now host your event with hard rock cafeour seasoned events team offers assistance throughout your party’s entire journey, starting from the initial idea to the grand day itself. your only task is to unwind and relish hosting an exceptionally memorable celebration. crafting bespoke experiences for each of our events is our pride and joy!with a dedicated sales manager in each location we can deliver everything that your event requires.  inquire here make hard rock cafe your #1 dining destination     current promotions at hard rock cafe365 days a year, hard rock cafe will always have limited time offers for you and your family. whether it is special deals, discounts or seasonal promotions--hard rock cafe is committed to giving you the absolute best in premiere offers, exclusive menus and more! check out our promotions page and enjoy all the benefits we have to offer all year round. whether you are a aaa member, isic/interrail or eyca card holder, harley davidson owners club member, or a city sightseeing passenger--we have something for everyone.    view promotionstrending now legendary burgersteak burger, with applewood bacon, cheddar cheese, crispy onion ring, leaf lettuce and vine-ripened tomato.one night in bangkok spicy shrimp™crispy shrimp, tossed in a creamy, spicy sauce, topped with green onions and sesame seeds, served on a bed of coleslaw.baby back ribsseasoned w/ our signature spice blend, then glazed w/ our house-made barbecue sauce served w/ seasoned fries, slaw & smokehouse beans.hurricanebacardi superior rum, a blend of orange, mango, pineapple juice and grenadine, finished with a float of bacardi black rum and amaretto.hot fudge browniewarm chocolate brownie topped with vanilla bean ice cream, hot fudge, chopped walnuts, chocolate sprinkles, fresh whipped cream & a cherry.start spreading the news hard rock cafe takes home three 2024 muse awardshard rock cafe took home three muse awards in 2024 for social media video of the year, influencer campaign of the year and f&b campaign of the year for messi kids! join our award-winning team today!join the bandwe are on tik tok!give us a follow and experience hard rock in a way you have never seen before!!!! from viral trends, to sounds--we will put our spin on it and make it, wait for it... legendary!follow ushard rock cafe weddingsit’s your special day and we’re here to take the worries away! customize this once in a lifetime event with our professional partiers with exclusive packages built just for you.learn morefollow us: @hardrockcafecafehotelcasinohardrock.comconnect  facebook    x    youtube    instagram    tik tok corporatecareersaccessibilitytermsnewsprivacy/ca privacygift cardsunity™ by hard rock cookie settingscopyright ©, hard rock cafe international, inc.  scroll to top   powered by 