







2filter.com camera lens filters
















 

camera lens filters and accessories. 

established in 1989 and online since 1997. 

haida filters

proii cpl-vnd 2 in 1 filters
rear lens filter kits
m10-ii 100mm system

m10-ii holder and adapter rings
m10-ii drop-in filters
m10-ii filter kits
neutral density filters

standard uncoated filters
nanopro filters
red diamond filters


graduated neutral density filters

nanopro filters
red diamond filters


circular polarizers
clear night filters
cleaning supplies and accessories


m15 150mm system

holders and adapter rings
m15 magnetic filters
filter kits
neutral density filters

standard filters
nanopro filters
red diamond filters


graduated neutral density filters

nanopro graduated neutral density filters
red diamond graduated neutral density filters


circular polarizers
clear night filters
cleaning supplies and accessories


round screw-in filters
m7 75mm system

m7 holder and adapter rings
m7 drop-in filters
neutral density filters
circular polarizers
clear night filters
filter kits


magnetic filter system

magnetic filter kits
magnetic filters

uv filters
circular polarizers
neutral density filters
clear night filters
graduated nd filters


magnetic adapter rings and accessories


v-pro series cinema filters

4x4" filters
4x5.65" filters
6.6x6.6" filters


drone filters
fujifilm x100 series
specials


kase filters

kw revolution magnetic filters
wolverine magnetic filters
screw-in filters
100mm filter system
clip-in filters
telephoto lens kits
rear lens filters
150mm filter system

150mm filter holders and adapter rings
150mm filters


stackable nd filter kits
moviemate magnetic matte box
smartphone magnetic filters
specials
lenses


filters by type

magnetic filters
screw-in filters
100mm filters and holders
150mm filters and holders
rear lens filters
clip-in filters
cinema filters


filter accessories

filter pouches and cases
cleaning supplies
step rings
lens caps
lens hoods
filter wrenches


open box deals













 
open box deals - save up to 50%!
free fedex 2-day shipping on orders over $100. us shipping addresses only.

use the menu at the top of the page to search by specific filter manufacturers and filter types, or shop some of our best sellers at the links below!
 

 
kase kw revolution magnetic filters
featuring convenient color coded rings to make it easier and quicker to identify each filter, kase kw revolution filters feature the same high quality coatings found on the wolverine series resulting in an easy to clean and durable filter that produces true to life images. the multicoated filters feature an oil and water proof coating and are made from kw optical glass and mounted in an aluminum alloy frame.  
each kit includes two magnetic adapter rings: a traditional threaded adapter ring that screws directly into your camera lens and is magnetic on the outer side, and a special inlaid adapter ring that screws into the round opening of your lens allowing the magnetic filters to sit closer to the lens which can help to prevent vignetting. 
*note: we recommend sizing up one filter size for lens that have a focal length of 24mm or below to be safe with preventing vignetting, especially if multiple filters are being used at the same time.*
 in addition to the magnetic connection on the front of the filter, kw revolution filters feature front threads allowing for compatibility with traditional screw-in filters and accessories such as lens hoods and lens caps that require front threads to connect.
click here to see more about the kase kw revolution filter system!
 
 


haida proii cpl vnd 2 in 1 combo filter
this two in one combination filter features a circular polarizer and a 3-7 stop variable neutral density filter, each with their own separate controls, allowing you to dial in the exact image you desire. 
the proii cpl-vnd 2 in 1 filter is constructed from optical glass for clarity as well as color fidelity. to prevent internal ghosting and reflections, the glass features eight layers of multi-coating. these coatings also offer greater protection to a filter substrate and help it to stay clean for longer than with uncoated filters.
for easier, repeatable control over density settings, the front ring is also visually demarcated with dots that represent different density values and includes a rotation lever to further enable fast, as well as precise positioning of the front ring.
the filter is mounted in an ultra slim aluminum alloy ring that ensures durability while allowing the filter to remain lightweight, while helping to minimize the potential for vignetting.
click here to see more about the haida proii cpl-vnd 2 in 1 filter!
 
 

 

black mist soft focus filters
create a soft, cinematic look with a soft focus filter. these filters gently reduce contrast and sharpness and can also make skin tones smoother and more even, resulting in a dreamy, cinematic look to light sources and subjects in the image.
soft focus filters are available as both traditional threaded filters and magnetic filters using the links below.
haida nanopro threaded mist black filters
kase kw revolution magnetic black mist filters
 

have questions? call customer service at 1-800-882-2832 or 603-352-0047 
we can also be reached via email at sales@2filter.com.




  about 2filter.com                contact 2filter.com     2filter.com policies 

powered by shopsite shopping cart software
copyright   © 1989-2025 2filter.com llc- all rights reserved
your account















×free 2-day shipping on all orders $100+ (us only). just choose the free shipping option below and we'll upgrade you to 2-day!

total:   continue shoppingview cart


