

















"growing taste" home page









  owing to the screen size of your device, you may obtain a better viewing experience by
  rotating your device a quarter-turn (to get the so-called "panorama" screen view).






  this page updated for 2022.  




click here for the site directory.





   please consider linking to this site!



click here to email us.







    growing taste:a home food-gardening resource
  




  sponsored link/s:








  sponsored link/s:









this site is for home gardeners growing vegetables and fruits who have a deep interest in the taste of the food they grow and eat.  while we give you a great deal of standardized information on how to grow your vegetables and fruits, the special feature of this site compared to most (really, virtually all) home-food-gardening sites is that we focus first and foremost on the flavor of the vegetables and fruits we grow, and that means giving definite advice about the particular varieties of each vegetable and fruit one might put in one’s garden.
this is not a “gourmet growers” site, though we suppose that folk who think of themselves as such will not be disappointed; but we don’t emphasize rare or oddball vegetables or types of vegetables.  what we do emphasize is those varieties that reliably deliver the best eating quality of whatever vegetable or fruit they are, as well as being types that can and will grow readily in our gardens.
of course, when we say “grow readily”, there are conditions: what is appropriate to northern alaska and what is appropriate to southern florida are very different things.  our focus here is on vegetables and fruits suitable for a moderate northerly climate with a somewhat short but rather warm growing season; but what will grow well in those hard conditions will then almost certainly grow well throughout most of the united states and canada (among other places).  if your “usda zone” is anything from 4 to 7, this should all be good advice for you, and it will probably be helpful to you even in more extreme zones.
the directory listings below will take you to pages that explain more fully how and why this home-gardening site was developed, and guide you through the information in it.  but, in brief, we make no claims to any special expertise as gardeners—indeed, if we with our black thumbs can grow something, anyone can grow it—but we do think we have some real expertise in what is nowadays called “data mining”: extracting solid, useful, information, in this case about home vegetable and fruit gardening, from the huge and wild mass of truths, falsehoods, and half-truths that is the internet.
there is probably no vegetable or fruit variety for which one cannot find extravagent praise somewhere.  but the fact remains that they cannot all be “the best”, as the seedsmen’s catalogues all claim for everything each sells.  to make informed decisions, the home gardener needs to read dozens or hundreds of web pages and usenet posts about each vegetable and fruit, and to weigh with a sharply critical eye the likely authority behind each assertion about each vegetable and fruit.  this we have tried to do for you.
(this year, as we used to every year, we are updating all information.  the upper left corner of each site page will tell you if our update for that particular page is complete, but even for pages not 
  yet fully updated for this year, the information is very probably still correct and useful.)
the directory a little farther below shows the layout of the entire site.


  sponsored link/s:








  sponsored link/s:










if you find this site interesting or useful, please link to it on your site by cutting and pasting this html:
the <a href="https://growingtaste.com/"><b>growing taste</b></a> vegetable-gardening site

—site directory—

search this site, or the web













 


 web
growingtaste.com
  












background information
      about the purposes and design of this site
    

introduction



our climate—
            


our location (usda zone map)




our daily weather: table





freezes & frosts




our garden design






an apologia: why one should cultivate one's garden
deep-bed gardening (forthcoming)
container gardening (forthcoming)
vegetarian and organic considerations (forthcoming)




recommended crops for a home garden, by variety
    
vegetable varieties
herb and spice varieties
fruit and berry varieties




gardening information and aids
    
tools and equipment

garden tools (forthcoming)
seed-starting (forthcoming)
colored plastic mulches


a garden calendar

estimated seed life in storage




miscellaneous information of interest to the home gardener
    
links:

vegetable-gardening links
on-line vegetable seed & plant sellers



about oxalic acid in vegetables [now at a site of its own:
        oxalic-acid information]
      

about induction cooking [now at a site of its own:
        the induction site]
      
so who are we?









   since you're growing your own vegetables and fruits, shouldn't you be cooking them in the best way possible?
   visit the induction site to find out what that best way is!
  






   if you like good-tasting food, perhaps you are interested in good-tasting wines as well?
   visit that useful wine site for advice and recommendations for both novices and experts.
  













    this site is one of the owlcroft company family of web sites.  please click on the link (or the owl) 
    to see a menu of our other diverse user-friendly, helpful sites.
    


         
  





    like all our sites, this one is hosted at the highly regarded pair networks,
    whom we strongly recommend.  we invite you to click on the pair link for more information on getting your site or sites hosted on a first-class service.
    





     all owlcroft systems run on ubuntu linux and we heartily recommend it to everyone—click on the link for more information.
    




click here to send us email.



  because we believe in inter-operability, we have taken the trouble to assure that
  this web page is 100% compliant with the world wide web consortium's 
  xhtml protocol v1.0 (transitional).
  you can click on the logo below to test this page!





you loaded this page on 
wednesday, 19 february 2025, at 13:30 est.

it was last modified on saturday, 29 january 2022, at 21:47 est.
all content copyright ©1999 - 2025 by 
 the owlcroft company






