




segway tours: take a tour on a segway pt - now listing 635 segway tours in 56 countries!




























toggle navigation






segwayguidedtours



home
find segway tours
browse tours
for tour operators











segway tours
take a tour on a segway® pt today!


























home













segway tours!
segway tours offer a new and exciting twist on an old vacation favorite. guided tours have always been a popular way to get an insider's view of a tourist hot spot, vacation destination, or historic city, but segway tours have an added element of fun. instead of walking or riding on a bus, visitors can see the sights on a segway tour through city streets and points of interest all around the us, europe and other locations worldwide.




a brief history
since its introduction on december 3, 2001, the segway® personal transporter has transformed guided tours in popular tourist destinations and historical cities, enabling tourists to view many more sights than a walking tour while still offering an up-close-and-personal experience. most tours featuring the segway pt are independently owned and operated by entrepreneurs passionate about both their locale and the segway pt. this often results in a tour that is much more fun and lively than a traditional mass-market tour.




635 segway tours in 56 countries
use our directory to quickly and easily find tours on the segway® pt in one of 443 cities near your home or next travel destination and experience the sights from a segway pt. quickly find tour listings in popular locations with our find segway tours page or use our browse all segway tours page to view lists of all tour locations worldwide. who knows, after gliding on a segway pt you may even want to buy one for everyday travel!















most popular locations for segway tours



us states

florida62 tours
california48 tours
texas21 tours
north carolina12 tours
pennsylvania12 tours



countries worldwide

usa324 tours
spain46 tours
italy40 tours
germany28 tours
england19 tours










introducing the new segway minipro



new from segway inc., the ninebot by segway minipro is an advanced, very compact "personal transporter" that –
unlike the typical hoverboard – meets segway's high standards for quality and safety.
a hybrid hoverboard / segway® pt
the new segway minipro is best described as a hybrid —
a cross between the sophisticated segway® pt and the pervasive hoverboard —
more compact than a pt yet more stable than cheap self-balancing scooters.
segway tours on the minipro



the segway pt is the gold standard among tour operators for its safety, ruggedness, and ease-of-use.
the segway minipro shares many of these qualities, though absolute beginners may find it more challenging to learn, limiting its use in tours.
possibly offered as an advanced tour option, the segway minipro may find a niche in select segway tours.


















































635
worldwide











56
countries











198
regions











443
cities













take a tour on a segway® pt today!
find a tour now








home
find segway tours
browse tours


about sgt
segway minipro
for tour operators


legalese
sitemap


©2004-2024 segwayguidedtours.com
























