





university of connecticut neag school of education


university of connecticut neag school of education


























































































 














skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                neag school of education                            
neag school of education





search university of connecticut

search uconn








search university communications

search uconn







search uconn





a to z index

uconn a to z index
















click to open menu















neag school of education 




facebookinstagramtwitteryoutube


search this sitesearch in https://education.uconn.edu/>search 












toggle navigation





menu

neag school of education

skip to content

homeabout

about the neag school

neag school mission, values, and principles facts and figures annual report neag school history ray and carole neag celebrating 25 years as neag diversity and inclusion job openings

 administration & support units endowed chairs and professorships notable faculty, student, and alumni honors visiting the neag school

academics

find a neag school program programs by department/name

department of curriculum & instruction department of educational leadership department of educational psychology teacher education

 academic advising certification global education scholarships teacher education

news & eventspeople

faculty & staff directory dean’s office curriculum & instruction educational leadership educational psychology teacher education

research

highlights centers active grants grant management and research resources neag school of education journal faculty publications

engagementalumni + friends

neag school alumni connect with the neag school giving to the neag school

my neag 

search this sitesearch in https://education.uconn.edu/>search 






 








top 25 public graduate school of education in the nation
1,105 students
24,000+ alumni worldwide
the neag school of education stands out as a major contributor to instructional and research excellence at the university of connecticut, one of the nation’s top public universities.
with academic departments dedicated to educational leadership, educational psychology, and curriculum and instruction, the neag school offers programs in such areas as school psychology; sport management; higher education and student affairs; counseling; and teacher and administrator preparation.
according to the 2024 u.s. news & world report rankings, the neag school ranks among the top 25 public graduate schools of education in the nation. in addition, four of its graduate programs are nationally ranked: the special education program is tied at no. 13; the educational psychology programs are ranked no. 23; educational administration programs are tied at no. 25; and the curriculum and instruction programs are tied at no. 28.
browse programs

find a faculty expert

view scholarships

request more info

featured neag news









neag school alumni board announces the 2025 alumni award winners









connecticut public schools staffing trends: examining levels of administrators, general education teachers, and special education teachers









enriching mentorship to ensure success in grad school


official uconn neag school of education merchandise on sale now
become a teacher in less than a year! apply by april 15
feb. 26 taste of confratute virtual event: positive social and emotional development for academically talented students
neag in the media


grant supports graduate student training in secondary transitions for students with disabilities
uconn today (office of the vp research) (a new neag school grant to study students with disabilities, led by joseph madaus and tracy sinclair, is featured.)








bethel’s christine carver named 2025 ct superintendent of the year
the middletown press (neag school alumna christine carver is featured about being named ct superintendent of the year.)








waterbury h.s. chase elementary school student elected by peers to become ct’s kid governor for 2025
ct post (a student at renzulli academy, joseph renzulli’s namesake school, was mentioned as being a finalist for ct’s kid governor.)








the k-12 world reacts to linda mcmahon, trump’s choice for education secretary
educationweek (casey cobb is quoted about the incoming selection for education secretary.)





read more neag school in the media»
upcoming events

https://events.uconn.edu/live/json/v2/events/response_fields/location,summary/date_format/%25f%20%25j,%20%25y/group/neag school of education/max/4/start_date/today/end_date/6 months/





feb

21


teacher education community hours

								gentry 304a							

								12:00 pm							








feb

26


info session - licensed professional counselor (lpc) certificate program



								12:00 pm							








feb

27


elp info session

								online							

								4:00 pm							








mar

3


elp info session

								online							

								4:00 pm							



 


 









 
the council for the accreditation of educator preparation (caep) accredits the neag school of education at the university of connecticut. read more about caep accreditation, including the programs covered and the accountability measures.
 
some content on this website may require the use of a plug-in, such as adobe acrobat viewer.



 support the neag school  


neag school of education
249 glenbrook road, unit 3064
charles b. gentry building
storrs, ct 06269-3064
860-486-3815
neag-communications@uconn.edu 

facebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutube







							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


webmaster login

































