















national cemetery administration






















































 skip to page content







	attention a t users.  to access the menus on this page please perform the following steps.



		1. please switch auto forms mode to off.

		2. hit enter to expand a main menu option (health, benefits, etc).

		3. to enter and activate the submenu links, hit the down arrow.



	you will now be able to tab or arrow up or down through the submenu options to access/activate the submenu links.

	





  get help from veterans crisis line  


locator
contact
search

contact us
faqs
ask a question
toll free numbers


locator
hospitals and clinics
vet centers
regional benefits offices
regional loan centers
cemetery locations







  get help from veterans crisis line  


search





enter your search textbutton to start search









site map [a-z]














  






more va





more va



 
 health




health care information
a-z health topic finder
my healthevet
prescriptions refills
schedule a va appointment
veterans crisis line
mental health
ptsd
public health
community care
caregiver support 
urgent care 




 
 
 benefits




general benefits information
disability compensation
pension
gi bill ®
vocational rehabilitation & employment
dependents' educational assistance
survivor benefits
home loans
life insurance
appeals modernization




 
 
 burials & memorials




cemetery services
burials
headstones markers & medallions
presidential memorial certificates
cemeteries
nationwide gravesite locator
burial flags
burial allowance




 
 
about va



inside va

secretary of va
executive biographies
organizations
history



budget and performance

va plans, budget, & performance
agency financial report (afr)
budget submission
recovery act






resources




business
congressional affairs
jobs
benefits booklet
data & statistics
va open data
 va app store
national resource directory
veteran service organizations
office of accountability & whistleblower protection
transparency






media room



inside the media room

public affairs
news releases
speeches
videos
publications



national observances

veterans day
memorial day
celebrating america's freedoms



special events

adaptive sports program
creative arts festival
golden age games
summer sports clinic
training - exposure - experience (tee) tournament
wheelchair games
winter sports clinic






locations




hospitals & clinics
vet centers
regional benefits offices
regional loan centers
cemetery locations






contact us




faqs
ask a question
toll free numbers






















i am a...


select one
veteran
active duty service member
caregiver/family member
dependent/survivor 
national guard/reserve
clinician/researcher/trainee







menu


menu

national cemetery administration
veterans legacy memorial (vlm)

about vlm
find your veteran
vlm remembrance

9/11 remembrance
1917 houston riot
native american veterans
alexandria (virginia)
ft. logan (colorado)
golden gate (california)




apply online

pre-need burial eligibility
burial allowance
presidential memorial certificate


burial and memorial benefits

assisting families with burial
burial benefits
facts
frequently asked questions
green burial section pilot
headstone and marker types
military funeral honors
urn and plaque


find a cemetery
grave locator
daily burial schedule
about nca
media and publications

press room
news releases
videos


resources and links
nca history program

nca history program
blog
notables
special emphasis
outreach
monuments
historic resources


veterans legacy program

veterans legacy program
videos
lesson plans
colleges & universities
veterans legacy grants program


veterans cemetery grants
design and construction service
nca careers
volunteer
cemetery restoration
alerts
nca policy publications

nca policy publications
nca directives
nca handbooks
nca notices


nca mobile site
site map


































 

va » national cemetery administration


national cemetery administration

 


 












pre-need eligibility

planning in advance for a veteran's or loved-one's final resting place can eliminate unnecessary delays and reduce stress on a family at a difficult time.

apply now »









find a cemetery
nca's interactive map enables veterans to search for their final resting place or for those who want to visit their veteran interred at 
156 va managed or 
122 va grant-funded cemeteries.
find a cemetery »
schedule a burial »









gravesite locator

locate resting places for veterans and their families in national and grant-funded va cemeteries as well as various military, department of interior, and private cemeteries.

nationwide gravesite locator »









memorial benefit: medallion

medallions are furnished in lieu of a traditional government headstone or grave marker for those veterans who served on or after april 6, 1917, and whose grave in a private cemetery is marked with a privately purchased headstone or marker.

learn more »










plan in advance


find a cemetery


gravesite locator


memorial benefit: medallion









 


veterans from apollo 1 space mission
“if we die, we want people to accept it. we're in a risky business, and we hope that if anything happens to us it will not delay the program. the conquest of space is worth the risk of life.”– virgil "gus" grissom from “gemini: a personal account of man's venture into space.” book by virgil "gus" grissom, 1968.
apollo 1 was set to be the first manned spacecraft when a catastrophic fire occurred during a launch pad test at nasa kennedy space center in cape canaveral, florida. the apollo 1 astronauts died on january 27, 1967:

virgil i. grissom (second american to fly in space twice; distinguished flying cross)
edward h. white ii (first american to walk in space)
roger b. chaffee (youngest american astronaut selected for a mission)




virgil i. grissom
u.s. air forcelt col


 memorial page »




edward h. white ii
u.s. air forcelt col


 memorial page »




roger b. chaffee
u.s. navylcdr


 memorial page »



the tragic loss of life and extensive review of the accident drove the following spacecraft engineering and safety improvements that may have reduced the likelihood of future disasters in space missions and may have contributed to the united states safely reaching and returning from the moon:

redesigned inner hatch for quick opening
flame-resistant spacesuits
flame-resistant materials to wrap wires
flammable materials removed or replaced




nca news
va expands access to veterans legacy memorial, allowing veterans to chronicle their life story january 16, 2025
va to pilot interments in green burial sections at three national cemeteries november 26, 2024
va awards more than $44.5m in grants to state veterans cemeteries october 3, 2024




va creates green burials at three national cemeteries
richelle taylorpublic affairs specialist, ncapublished: november 26, 2024
in november 2024, the va national cemetery administration (nca) officially opened green burial sections at the pikes peak national cemetery in colorado springs, colorado; the national memorial cemetery of arizona in phoenix, arizona, and florida national cemetery in bushnell, florida. the number of green burial sites at each cemetery are 152, 155, and 222, respectively.
green burials are a way of caring for the dead with minimal environmental impact that aids in the conservation of natural resources, reduction of carbon emissions, protection of worker health, and the restoration and/or preservation of habitat.

get information about va burial benefits or call the national cemetery scheduling office (ncso) toll-free at 800-535-1117 for more information about scheduling a burial. for advance burial planning for you and your family, visit nca's pre-need eligibility website.
green burial faqs »

 

in 2014, nca conducted a nationwide survey of veterans to determine an interest in burial and memorial options not then offered in national cemeteries. forty-one percent of respondents agreed that the va should offer an environmentally friendly burial option, including 48% of veteran respondents between the ages of 18 and 39. in addition, 75% of veterans interviewed agreed that burial in a defined, naturalistic section in a national cemetery would be acceptable and dignified.
in 2022, congress authorized the va to establish green burial sections through the national cemeteries preservation and protection act. the law provides that remains interred in a green burial section must be prepared for burial in a manner that does not involve chemicals or embalming fluids, and require the use of non-toxic and biodegradable materials, such as caskets, shrouds and urns.
"nca is pleased to begin offering this new option to veterans and their family members eligible for interment in a va national cemetery," said ronald e. walters, va's principal deputy under secretary for memorial affairs. "it reflects our commitment to understand and address the emerging burial preferences of veterans and their loved ones."
nca will accept both cremated and intact remains for interment in green burial sections. while green burial sections are new, nca has always accepted remains that are prepared naturally and/or presented in a biodegradable container for burial in va national cemeteries and will continue to do so at its open cemeteries even if they are not one of the three pilot sites.




nca resources guide


looking for a cemetery? trying to locate a grave? questions about burial benefits? what happens during a committal service?
explore the nca resources guide »






















vlm featured veterans

thomas r. hawkins
u.s. army, sgt maj
medal of honor



memorial page »






resources


assisting families with burial »

obtaining military records and medals »






connect with nca









national cemetery administration
attn: general inquiries
810 vermont ave
washington, dc 20420
myva411 main information line:
800-698-2411

























connect

 veterans crisis line:
call: 988 (press 1)
social media










complete directory 

email updates



email address required


button to subscribe to email








va home


notices
privacy
foia
regulations
web policies
no fear act
whistleblower rights & protections
site index
usa.gov
white house
inspector general





quick list


apply for benefits
apply for health care
prescriptions
my healthevet
life insurance online applications
va forms
state and local resources
strat plan fy 2014-2020 
va plans, budget, & performance
va claims representation





resources


careers at va
employment center
returning service members
vocational rehabilitation & employment
homeless veterans
women veterans
minority veterans
plain language
surviving spouses & dependents
adaptive sports program





administration


veterans health administration
veterans benefits administration
national cemetery administration








u.s. department of veterans affairs | 810 vermont avenue, nw washington dc 20420
last updated february 6, 2025





get help from veterans crisis line


 call 988 (press 1)
 text to 838255
 chat confidentially now
 call tty if you
          have hearing loss 1-800-799-4889

if you are in crisis or having thoughts of suicide,
	visit veteranscrisisline.net for more resources.

close this modal  






