





shorin-ryu karate of williamsburg






















































skip to content




shorin-ryu karate of williamsburg




search for:






about our dojo

sensei (instructors)
dojo membership inquiry
the foundations of our karate

kata
kumite
kobudo
hojo undo




general info

directions
class times
parent guidelines


sign up information
history

lineage
butokukan patch explanation
sokuichi gibu & tribute


faq
resources

forms

recommendation for testing form
little dragons teacher parent recommendation form


belt requirements
dojo student handbook
dojo etiquette
stances (pictures included)
little dragon belt requirements


articles

renshi me this batman!
class training
being a sempai
the number one student
black belt reflections: finding my way
gi reviews
the belt ranks of karate


galleries

video gallery
photo diaries and galleries


trip diaries
 








about our dojo




schedule
little dragons (ages 5-7): mondays/thursdays 5-5:30pm
kids (ages 8-13): mondays/tuesdays/thursdays 5:30-6:25pm
teens/adults: mondays/tuesdays/thursdays 6:30-7:30pm
welcome to the shorin-ryu karate of williamsburg website!
shorin-ryu karate of williamsburg is the premier training center for traditional karate-an alternative to the costly, contract-based martial arts schools today. the benefits of our training go beyond powerful self-defense skills. weight loss, stress relief, whole body fitness, focus and confidence make our classes an invaluable training experience for families and individuals.
our family-run facility is one of the most authentic martial art centers in the area and we are the united states training center for our headquarters in japan. we teach and practice the art of shorin-ryu karate from okinawa, japan which focuses on self-achievement and discipline through strong physical and mental training.
we train families and individuals to reach their greatest potential of physical capability, mental toughness and inner confidence without expensive membership contracts or programs. our school offers a one of a kind atmosphere, training with internationally certified teachers and affiliation with one of the most prestigious martial organizations in japan.
our chief instructor is john spence, 7th degree black belt and the director for shorin-ryu butokukan in the united states. he has been well-known educator in the williamsburg/ james city county school system for 24 years and teaches at matoaka elementary school.
lightfoot crossing shopping center
410-d lightfoot road
williamsburg, virginia 23188

butokukan1@cox.net
 
 






join the dojo mailing list
email address: 



last name:




leave this field empty if you're human: 

recent posts


dojo ownership


belt rank


progress in the dojo


smoke and mirrors


butoku


contact us today! lightfoot crossing shopping center
410-d lightfoot road
williamsburg, va 23188
email us at:
butokukan1@cox.net

socialfollow the dojo on:

search for:




 




copyright © 2025 . all rights reserved. theme: radiate by themegrill. powered by wordpress. 



















