ï»¿









registered offenders list | national and state sex offender info
















 registered offenders list






find registered offenders in your area
















                helpful articles
              

are there sexual offenders near me?
how to confront a child predator
how to check the sex offender registry
what is the child abduction hotline?
why child abductors are so dangerous



free parental ebook







national registered sex offender laws




background on registered sex offender laws

          the u.s. congress and individual states have passed various laws that require states to monitor registered sex offenders. these laws include but are not limited to, the
          jacob wetterling crimes against children act, the pam lychner sex offender tracking and identification act, and megan's law.
        
on march 5, 2003, the supreme court rules that states may continue posting information about registered sex offenders on the internet.

important stats

every 8 minutes, child protective services finds evidence for or substantiated, a claim of child sexual abuse.
one in 9 girls and 1 in 53 boys under the age of 18 experience sexual abuse or assault at the hands of an adult.
females ages 16-19 are four times more likely than the general population to be victims of rape, attempted rape, or sexual assault.
the majority of sexual assaults occur at or near the victim's home. what was the survivor doing when the crime occurred?

48% were sleeping, or performing another activity at home
29% were traveling to and from work or school, or traveling to shop or run errands
12% were working
7% were attending school
5% were doing an unknown or other activity

of sexual abuse cases reported to law enforcement, 93% of juvenile victims knew the perpetrator:

59% were acquaintances
34% were family members
7% were strangers to the victim

more than 50% of all alleged rapists have at least one prior conviction.
source: rainn









does a sex offender live near your family?








does a sex offender live near your family?


find out now.
find out now.





powered by kids live safe








registeredoffenderlist.org is a single source to learn about each state's laws and rules about sex offenders, convictions requiring registration, and
          public access to sex offender information.
        

sex offender infographic



learn and share vital facts and figures about sex offenders with this convenient sexual predator infographic.
view sexual predator infographic 




state sex offender registry info

 alabama sex offenders
 alaska sex offenders
 arizona sex offenders
 arkansas sex offenders
 california sex offenders
 colorado sex offenders
 connecticut sex offenders
 delaware sex offenders
 florida sex offenders
 georgia sex offenders
 hawaii sex offenders
 idaho sex offenders
 illinois sex offenders
 indiana sex offenders
 iowa sex offenders
 kansas sex offenders
 kentucky sex offenders
 louisiana sex offenders
 maine sex offenders
 maryland sex offenders
 massachusetts sex offenders
 michigan sex offenders
 minnesota sex offenders
 mississippi sex offenders
 missouri sex offenders
 montana sex offenders
 nebraska sex offenders
 nevada sex offenders
 new hampshire sex offenders
 new jersey sex offenders
 new mexico sex offenders
 new york sex offenders
 north carolina sex offenders
 north dakota sex offenders
 ohio sex offenders
 oklahoma sex offenders
 oregon sex offenders
 pennsylvania sex offenders
 rhode island sex offenders
 south carolina sex offenders
 south dakota sex offenders
 tennessee sex offenders
 texas sex offenders
 utah sex offenders
 vermont sex offenders
 virginia sex offenders
 washington sex offenders
 west virginia sex offenders
 wisconsin sex offenders
 wyoming sex offenders





fair credit reporting act (fcra)
          we expressly disclaim any and all representations and warranties that any of the providers featured on this site comply with the fair credit reporting act, 15usc 1681 et
          seq.,("fcra") and/or any other similarly situated local, state or federal law governing the requisition, performance and/or disclosure of background checks. in addition,
          use of any background information (whether in connection with credit eligibility reviews or otherwise) must similarly comply with applicable laws and regulations.
advertising disclosure
          registered offenders list is a free online resource that strives to offer helpful content and resources to its visitors. this site has a relationship with the featured
          third party company, which may impact the recommendations made on the site.
        





copyright â© registered offenders list llc.
            all rights reserved.


          registered offenders list 3905 state street, ste. 7228, santa barbara,
          ca 93105
        





x

terms of use








close












