
      f&m bank in north carolina
    





homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.
      f&m bank in north carolina
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentfarmers & merchants bank 

your life


accounts


checking

savings

money market

retirement accounts

certificates of deposit

overdraft solutions

ics and cdars



bank-on-the-go


online banking & app experience

mobile deposit

mobile wallet

in-app, email & text notifications

estatements

debit cards

debit card management

temporarily suspend your debit card

direct deposit

 zelle

person-to-person payments

atm banking

banking by phone



resources


lost debit card or mobile device

security center

idprotect® identity theft protection service

order foreign currency

financial calculators

travel tips

holiday closings





your business


accounts


checking

savings & money market

overdraft solutions

ics and cdars



business-on-the-go


business services

make a loan payment

online banking & app experience

mobile deposit

mobile wallet

quickbooks direct connect

in-app, email & text notifications

estatements

debit cards

debit card management

temporarily suspend your debit card

direct deposit



resources


client reviews

security center

order foreign currency

lost debit card or mobile device

travel tips

holiday closings





lending


your life


make a loan payment

mortgages

meet your mortgage lender

home equity lines of credit

credit cards

personal loans

creditreserve



your business


term loans

construction loans

commercial real estate

commercial lending team

lines & letters of credit

credit cards





investments


retirement planning

education planning

trust & estate planning

meet our advisors



connect


contact us

locate an office or atm

our story

bank management team

board of directors

community connection

news & media

how are we doing?

awards

client reviews

career opportunities

routing number



 toggle navigation   closeclose loginwhat can we help you find?search site go start site search f&m online bankingf&m username enrollforgot usernameforgot passwordfarmers & merchants bank 







love is in the air ... and so are scams!
roses are red. violets are blue. romance scams are real. let’s protect you—and your loved ones too!
learn more about common romance scams
 


  







your support deserves a standing ovation
thank you for voting us the “best financial institution in rowan county” for an amazing 14 years in a row!check out our other awards


  







your banking best friend
we're like the loyal pup by your side—always there when you need us! fetch the loyalty you deserve with f&m bank.


 play top slider  pause top slider    close alert dialog a tradition for life
there’s no substitute for experience, and f&m bank’s over-a-century history is a unique promise in today’s ever-changing world. even better? we combine that foundation of strength with leading-edge tools, a community-first approach, and unmatched business resources to power your financial life.    our community commitment

we all work better when we work together, which is why reinvesting in the communities we serve is one of our top priorities.

community connection    a career you can bank on

searching for a career at an award-winning employer where you’re highly valued and make a difference in people’s lives every day? we want to talk to you!

your future starts here    here today, here tomorrow
our 115-year history proves that unwavering commitment to our clients and our communities is always the right decision.
our history of strength, service & stability    







your business, your way
your business is more than what you do—it’s a big part of who you are. f&m bank’s expert commercial team can help every step of the way, from your initial loan to expansion funds.
commercial lending done right


  







making (home) dreams come true
you're not a number. you're our neighbor! that's why we give your mortgage the time and attention you deserve, with personal support every step of the way.
check out our mortgages


  your cybersecurity tool kit
not sure how to protect your information in an increasingly online world? f&m bank’s library of resources offers easy-to-understand guides for safeguarding your data, whether you’re making a purchase, emailing a friend, or checking out the latest social media trend.
learn more at our security center  
email safety
computer safety
social media safety
ransomware
   







flexibility. safety. simplicity. all at your fingertips.
today’s on-the-go lifestyle demands flexible banking options that offer all of the security of in-person visits. our intuitive online banking & app experience delivers it all!
bank your way with our online banking & app


  

privacy policies

terms of use

educational resources

locations

 

facebook

linkedin

©  f&m bank.  







