






















	house plans - home designs - blueprints -  books























 need support? 1-800-373-2646







cart


favorites


register


login


















forgot?




















  


 home 
 home plans 
 projects 
 gallery 
 resources 
 contact us 






























 
the market leader in home plan publication

▶
we go beyond the screen to offer our house plans in a variety of print publications. from amazon to barnes & noble, menards and lowe’s, we make it easy to find what you are looking for, both online and off. ▲





 
1-on-1 expert support from start to finish

▶
every member of our dedicated support staff has firsthand experience in home building, as well as years of experience helping others through the process of building their own home. we’ll answer all of your questions, while providing tips to ensure your build is as smooth, easy, and enjoyable as possible.  ▲





 
explore your favorite plans - live in 3d

▶
our state-of-the-art augmented reality app allows you to virtually place a home directly on your lot, then view it from all angles using your mobile device. avoid surprises. make sure you have the perfect design sited perfectly on your property. available on selected designs. ▲





 
70 years of trusted service in the industry

▶
our decades-long legacy is built on providing our clients with the most comprehensive service in the industry. with our a+ bbb rating, partnerships with nationally renowned home-improvement retailers, and thousands of satisfied clients, you can feel confident your partnership with the house plans and more team will make your dream home build a success. ▲








all the best house plans, all in one place!















min. square feet
500 sq. ft.
1000 sq. ft.
1500 sq. ft.
2000 sq. ft.
2500 sq. ft.
3000 sq. ft.
3500 sq. ft.
4000 sq. ft.
4500 sq. ft.
5000+ sq. ft.






number of stories
1 story
1 ½ story
2 story
3 story
split-level






bedrooms
1 bedroom
2 bedroom
3 bedroom
4+ bedrooms








max. square feet
500 sq. ft.
1000 sq. ft.
1500 sq. ft.
2000 sq. ft.
2500 sq. ft.
3000 sq. ft.
3500 sq. ft.
4000 sq. ft.
4500 sq. ft.
5000+ sq. ft.






bathrooms
1 bath
1½ bath
2 bath
2½ bath
3 bath
3½ bath
4+ baths






architectural style
a-frame house plans
acadian house plans
adobe & southwestern home designs
arts & crafts house plans
bardominium plans
beach & coastal house plans
berm house plans
bungalow house plans
cabin & cottage house plans
cape cod & new england house plans
colonial house plans
contemporary house plans
country french house plans
country house plans
craftsman house plans
early american house plans
english cottage house plans
european house plans
farmhouse plans
florida house plans
georgian house plans
greek revival house plans
italian house plans
lake house plans
log cabin house plans
log house plans
lowcountry house plans
luxury house plans
mediterranean house plans
modern farmhouse plans
modern house plans
mountain house plans
multi-family house plans
neoclassical house plans
plantation house plans
prairie house plans
ranch house plans
rustic house plans
saltbox house plans
santa fe house plans
shingle house plans
southern house plans
southern plantation house plans
southwestern house plans
spanish house plans
sunbelt house plans
traditional house plans
tudor house plans
vacation house plans
victorian house plans
waterfront house plans









plans found:
                                            19,000+



loading















need more options?
advanced search


















top styles





view all styles










1-story home plans
often referred to as “ranch home plans,” any one-story house design can be defined as a ranch, however true ranch home designs feature efficient layouts that are one level throughout.











modern farmhouse plans
with open floor plans and bright spaces full of natural light, these homes are clean and functional. this style is the most popular style on the market in 2020.











craftsman home plans
craftsman homes blend with any landscape. featuring wide porches anchored by pillars for covered outdoor living space, craftsman floor plans are simple, unique, and have great curb appeal.











luxury home plans
as luxury is subjective, we have incorporated a vast variety of house styles and sizes into this collection of dream luxury style homes. luxury homes can have large garages, pools, and more.











cabin & cottage homes
cabin and cottage plans tend to be smaller in size with 1 or 1½ stories. most cottages and cabins are characterized by a cozy feeling, making them perfect for vacation homes











garage plans
whether you are looking for extra storage space or a workshop for your hobbies, these garage designs offer a shelter for your vehicles while featuring many other useful and practical details.












top features





view all features










great room
a great room offers an open living space that typically has tall ceilings and is located just steps away from the kitchen and dining area. it is an open area that offers casual and formal entertaining possibilities.











3+ car garages
these large garages are perfect for homeowners with gardening equipment, multiple cars, recreational vehicles or even a boat. 3-car garages and larger are now very popular with homeowners.











homes with ultimate kitchens
from great storage options to islands and breakfast bars, these kitchens have it all. filled with every convenience, ultimate kitchen floor plans combine great amenities into an unforgettable kitchen.













helpful resources

make sure your new home will be just right, and on budget. browse our bookstore for inspiration, and even helpful guides that walk you step-by-step through the home building process.






see all resources















get cost to build report













customize your floor plan













shop our bookstore













best price guarantee














what type of modifiable plan is right for you?

feel confident you're selecting the right type of modifiable plan for the changes you're making to the home. 
                                   whether it's minor or major changes, this article will help you make the right plan choice, so modifying the plan is easy.
                                   see more...












building dreams blog






view all blog posts







 


4 simple tricks for keeping pests out of your garden
05.08.2021 
april showers have come and gone. the may flowers have bloomed and are beginning to wilt. now, it’s time to continue your green thumb into the summer months by planting more flowers and homegrown vegetables you can enjoy right from your backyard. the taste of the first homegrown tomato is just within sight and daydreaming […]
[…]
read more









 


the 3 most effective spring cleaning tips
03.05.2021 
after a long winter indoors, it’s just about the time for cabin fever starts setting in. but before you know it, there’s that one day when the outside temperature reaches something closer to spring than the usual winter days you’ve been experiencing. the windows fly open and chilly, yet refreshing breezes fill your home and […]
[…]
read more









 


how to incorporate a greener life
01.21.2021 
no matter where you turn these days, the world is “going green”. it’s amazing how quickly the trend toward a greener life has spread. thankfully, this trend is actually something to be excited about because it is creating a better world for the generations ahead of us. with climate change, we can no longer look […]
[…]
read more


















0 
published books & magazines 



0 
homes built 



0 
plans 



0 
years experience 













see your home in 3d


your new home, on your lot - today!
use our augmented reality app to tour your new home’s exterior on your lot even before you buy your blueprints. all plans displaying the da 3d logo above can be viewed by downloading the easy-to-use design america 3d app on your mobile device. download the app today. it’s fun!




see all 3d plans



















looking for house plans?






searching for your dream home may seem daunting as you try to distinguish from thousands of different floor plans. we make it easy for you. as the largest publisher of house plan books, our website and publications focus on the best-selling designs from the top architects and designers across north america. you can find our books at major retailers and on-line. 
house plans and more offers search features to help you narrow your selections until you find the home that meets your unique lifestyle. house plans and more’s advanced search tool helps you narrow down your selections based on the criteria you select. you can to narrow your search to house designs in a specific architectural style, or with a particular feature, e.g. outdoor kitchen. or, get a cost-to-build report to determine the estimated construction cost of different homes based on your zip code. then, use our website to locate a qualified builder in your area. 
click on resources at the top of the home page and click on “locate-a-builder in your area.” then, select the state where you intend to build for a list of qualified builders. once you have selected your home design, we sell the blueprints for that home design in both print and digital formats. 
which format is best for you depends upon: 
                                    
how many changes you want to make to a given plan
how quickly you need the plans in hand
the format preferred by your builder and local building department. 


for example, if you have selected a pre-drawn floor plan that doesn’t need any changes and can be submitted to your local building authority in print or digital format, you can choose from any of the plan packages available. 
for further guidance, click on this link: which plan package is right for me? and see a detailed explanation of what you should consider before selecting a particular plan package. if you’re a builder, join our builder’s advantage program and receive special discounts. our website is specifically designed to assist builders working with customers to select the right dwelling for them. 
house plans and more brings all the best plans together in one place, so families can find the home of their dreams, while also providing builders with tools to save time and expense. powered by design america, inc., we are dedicated to helping families find not only the perfect dwelling, but also the best accessory structure for their lifestyle and lot. check out our project plans for hundreds of do-it-yourself projects including garage plans, shed plans, backyard project plans, plus many other great home projects and stock plans.

read more












recent news

the team at design america strives to make our customer’s vision of building their dream home a reality.
                                    check out the latest news and industry trends affecting home building today!














design america news



                                                the design america team is always working to make our clients’ dreams a reality. explore what we have been up to recently.
                                            
[…]
read more










have lumber costs stalled your dreams of a new home? think again!
today’s popular floor plans are including plentiful front porches that have enough space to create an outdoor living space. helping to create a sense of community in a neighborhood, these porches offer an opportunity to enjoy the outdoors and have face-to-face contact with people in their neighborhood. with many homes now featuring oversized living...
[…]
read more










10 things to do before closing on your new home
long before closing, builders may email you a pre-closing review that lists 10 items that need to be completed prior to your closing day for things to go smoothly. this can be very helpful for staying organized and getti...
[…]
read more


















ready to get started? build your dream home in 10 simple steps




 download guide 














why design america?

with 70 years of supporting our clients, we know that building a home is the decision of a lifetime. our expert team will work with you, give you the knowledge and support that you need, and empower you to build your new home perfect down to the last detail. you came here to build the home of your dreams. we are here to help you make that dream a reality.








































get in touch




office address

734 west port plaza
suite 208
st louis, mo 63146




call us
1-800-dream home (1-800-373-2646)  fax 1-314-770-2226



business hours
mon-fri, 7:30am to 4:30pm cst









quick links



building dreams blog


bookstore


project plans


frequently asked questions


testimonials


site map


privacy policy









 











© copyright 2025 houseplansandmore.com, a division of design america, inc. all rights reserved.














this designer's portfolio of homes is no longer available for purchase.
you can use our advanced search to find other similar plans.
  ok  








