 






secretary of health and human resources











    












skip to main content







 



secretary of health and human resources
janet kelly























 menu




home

about usnewsinitiatives

behavioral health plan
substance use and overdose
maternal health
reclaiming childhood

agenciesboards and commissionscontact us






secretary of health and human resources



                secretary of health and human resources
            













governor youngkin's behavioral health transformation


governor glenn youngkin announces right help. right now. behavioral health plan
learn more about the governor's behavioral health plan announced december 14th
click here for revive! trainings, naloxone information, and other resources for virginia to fight against fentanyl and opioid use.

























need help? get help here

find local resources
search 2-1-1 virginia
note: both form fields below must be filled in to search resources

search by keyword (required)



zipcode or county (required)


search







2-1-1 virginia resources



        loading...
      

close


























need mental health help?

view website
call or text 988













follow secretary janet kelly on x (formerly twitter)
follow @va_shhr








secretary of health and human resources


about usnewsinitiativesagenciesboards and commissionscontact us



site resources

website feedback
web privacy policy
foia
accessibility
site map
translation disclaimer



stay connected

                    secretary of health and human resourcesjanet kellyp.o. box 1475richmond, va 23218send us a message:email the secretariat










translation disclaimer




what is google translate?

                    google translate is a third-party service provided by google that performs all translations directly and dynamically. by detecting patterns in documents that have already been translated by human translators, google
                    translate can make intelligent guesses as to what an appropriate translation should be. this process of seeking patterns in large amounts of text is called “statistical machine translation”. since the translations are
                    generated by machines, not all translation will be perfect. the more human-translated documents that google translate can analyze in a specific language, the better the translation quality will be. this is why
                    translation accuracy will vary across languages.
                
disclaimer

                    the virginia information technologies agency (vita) website is providing the “google translate” option to assist you in reading the website in languages other than english. for these translations, reasonable efforts have
                    been made to provide an accurate translation, however, no automated translation is perfect nor is it intended to replace human translators. these translations are provided as a service to users of the vita website, and
                    are provided "as is." no warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, is made as to the accuracy, reliability, or correctness of any of these translations made from english into any other language. some content
                    (such as images, videos, flash, etc.) may not be accurately translated due to the limitations of the translation software.
                

                    any discrepancies or differences created in translating this content from english into another language are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance, enforcement, or any other purpose. if any questions arise
                    related to the accuracy of the information contained in these translations, please refer to the english version of the website.
                

                    if you have any questions about google translate, please visit the 
                    
                        google translate website
                    
                    .
                

                    if you have any issues with google translate, please visit 
                    
                        http://translate.google.com/support/
                    
                    .
                



close
















