
















keratosis pilaris : the chicken skin condition : help for kp











home » keratosis pilaris, kp, chicken skin                                                                                                                 march 2013keratosis pilaris helphelpforkp.com               what is kp? - pictures - treatments - tips & faq - kp forum - newsletter - bookmark us half the population has keratosis pilarisand most of them don't know itkeratosis pilaris (kp) is a very common skin condition often referred to as "chicken skin". if you have keratosis pilaris, you are not alone. worldwide, keratosis pilaris affects an estimated 40 to 50% of the adult population and approximately 50 to 80% of all adolescents. varying in degree, cases of kp can range from minimal to severe.most people with keratosis pilaris don't know they have it. while kp resembles goosebumps, it is characterized by the appearance of small, rough bumps on the skin. primarily, it appears on the back and outer sides of the upper arms, but can also occur on thighs and buttocks or any body part except palms or soles. (often confused with acne.)keratosis pilaris is unsightly but completely harmless. kp tends to be worse during the winter months or other times of low humidity when the skin dries out. it may also occur and/or worsen among pregnant women or show up after childbirth.keratosis pilaris (kp) cannot be cured, howeverit can be treated.click here to learn more about this skin disorder.there is no cure for keratosis pilaris, since kp is a chronic, genetic follicular disease, however treatments are available. results from treatments vary and can often be disappointing. with persistence, most people will see satisfactory improvement. it is recommended that treatment not be discontinued because the buildup of keratin (the hard protein in the skin, nails, and hair) will continue to reform around the hair follicles.there are several types of keratosis pilaris; variants and related disorders include: •••••••••» to learn more about keratosis pilaris, what it looks like and how to control it, click here. » products used to treat keratosis pilaris include: glycolic acid (aha), lactic acid, urea, vitamin a treatments, microdermabrasion... click here for treatment options.» discuss kp with other sufferers on the keratosis pilaris forum.common misspellings of keratosis + pilaris include: keratosis pillaris, pillars, pilarus, polaris, polarus, keratoses, piliaris, keretosis, keritosis, kertosis, karatosis, kerotosis... kératos pillaire (correct french term: kératose pilaire)keratosis pilaris alba : rough, dry, bumpy skin with no irritationkeratosis pilaris rubra : reddened lesions; red, inflamed bumpskeratosis pilaris rubra faceii (kprf) : reddish rash on the cheeks (blushed look)keratosis pilaris atrophicans faciei: facial follicular atrophy (small scar-like depressions)keratosis follicularis (darier disease) aka lichen pilaris, or follicular xeroderma:conditions in which abnormal keratinization (failure of skin to desquamate properly) islimited to the hair follicles, manifesting itself as discrete, tiny follicular papules (solid,usually conical elevations)ulerythema ophryogenes : involvement of the outer eyebrowsatrophoderma vermiculata : severe worm-eaten appearance of the cheekskeratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans: a rare familial variant which results in baldareas on the scalp and eyebrowslichen spinulosus : solitary or multiple patches of follicular papules topped with scalyspines on any part of the body  definition:keratosis pilaris (kp) - a common benign eruption consisting of scaly papules of the follicles; primarily affects the extensor surfaces of the arms and thighs.background: keratosis pilaris is a disorder of hyperkeratosis. it is a very common benign condition, which presents as folliculocentric keratotic papules. although there is no defined etiology, it is often described in association with ichthyosis vulgaris and less commonly with atopic dermatitis.» kp duty» testimonials home  |  disclaimer  |  about us  |  contact us  |  kp blog  |  links  |  site map copyright © 2003-2013 helpforkp.com. keratosis pilaris help. all rights reserved. the information found on this website is intended for your general knowledge only and is not a substitiute for medical advice or treatment. if you believe that you have kp, please consult with your physician or dermatologist. recommended products and external links to other websites provided on this site are meant for convenience and for informational purposes only; they do not constitute an endorsement. external links open in a new window.check back often for updates.*click here for a list of products used to treat keratosis pilaris  helpforkp.blogspot.com commonly used keratosis pilaris keywords, related terms, and synonyms:acne-like bumps on backs of arms, atopic dermatitis, benign skin lesions, bumps on legs, chicken skin, erythema, excessive accumulation of keratin, folliculocentric keratotic papules, follicular keratotic papules, goosebumps / gooseflesh appearance, hyperkeratosis, ichthyosis vulgaris, kpunfortunately there is currently no real "keratosis pilaris cure" available... there are no miracle creams or pills, or a universally effective treatment that will work for everyone living with keratosis pilaris.  what works for one may not work for another.  same as with any other skin condition, each case should be considered an individual case.  finding a treatment that will work can be quite frustrating.  for some, kp will eventually clear up on its own without any treatment.  this usually happens with age.  for most, ongoing treatment is necessary to reduce the appearance.[ top of page ] keratosis pilarisinformation» what is kp?» pictures of kp» treatment options» tips & faq» research on kp» glossarymessage board» kp forumstay informed» join our newsletter» kp blog» myspace group» bookmark us» kp resourcessend to a friend» click here to send this page to a friend










keratosis pilarisinformation on keratosis pilaris (kp), the chicken skin condition characterized by rough, bumpy skin on the back of the arms and thighs. pictures, forum, products and treatment for bumps on arms.keratosis pilaris occurs when the human body produces excess keratin, a natural protein in the skin, bearing only cosmetic consequence. (wikipedia).










