

















home | gehl's





















open search panel

 
            



skip to content





my dispensersorder a dispenserfaqfind a distributor











0








 






subtotal:
$0.00


shipping:
free!


total:
$0.00


you save:
$0.00




view cart


check out







open search panel


 
            





















menu





 
            




 sauces & chipscheese sauceschili saucestortilla chipspuddings lease a dispenserdispenser modelsleasing infotrade in programspoint of saletrade-in dispenser supportdispenser partsdispenser set updispenser troubleshootingfaqrecipesabout gehl's brandcontact gehl's


my dispensersorder a dispenserfaqfind a distributor




cheese sauces


chili sauces


tortilla chips


puddings



















main content



learn about gehl’s®
no refrigeration. no nonsense.
gehl’s® makes food fun, but it’s something we take seriously. learn why gehl’s® is one of the most trusted brands of shelf stable cheese and chili sauces across the globe.
our gehl's® brand



view our recipes
inspire your menu.
from protein-packed breakfast pizzas to gooey mac and cheese, we have your menu covered. gehl’s® cheese sauces and puddings take any dish from ordinary to extraordinary. browse our recipes and start your ovens - it’s going to be delicious.
our recipes



our products
real ingredients. quality products.
gehl’s® makes a variety of simple, flavorful and fun food products for retail and the concession, convenience store, restaurant and foodservice markets.
our products

our products
gehl’s® offers a full line of shelf stable, ready to eat products that make it easy to deliver deliciously creative entrees and snacks without hassle and with minimal waste. our simple, flavorful, and fun food products are great for game day at home, or foodservice operations like concession, convenience store, and restaurants.


cheese sauces
ooey-gooey goodness awaits. gehl's® makes food fun with our ready-to-serve, versatile, flavorful, and affordable cheese sauces.




chips

the perfect pairing for our warm, ooey gooey sauces. go ahead. unleash the cheese!
  





chili sauces
add gehl's® chili sauce to your menu to give nachos, fries, burritos, hot dogs hearty flavor and southwestern zest!




puddings

our puddings are made with real milk and wholesome ingredients to deliver great-tasting desserts and snacks.
  



lease a dispenser
we’re here for you. gehl’s® dispenser leasing program is packed with operator benefits that last a lifetime. with your one-time lease fee you're guaranteed a comprehensive three-year service plan, free parts for the life of the dispenser and top-rated customer service and support.
learn more
need support

find the answers to frequently asked questions or reach out to our team for more information.



order parts



set-up a dispenser



troubleshoot dispenser issues











have questions?
  
we can help.
  
you’re the tortilla chips to our nachos! gehl food & beverage is devoted to 100% customer satisfaction. we’re always ready to hear your questions, concerns, and even your praises if you’re so inclined. contact us for any questions that you may need help with!



				please review the information below.  if everything is correct, click “send”.  to go back and edit your entries, click “edit”. 
			
				the following required items were not provided or are in the wrong format.  please provide the required responses and submit again:* indicates required field

name * 
email * 
phone * 
message *

 
				thank you for reaching out! someone will be in touch with you as soon as possible. if urgent, please give our customer service team a call at 800-521-2873 
						

n116 w15970 main street
po box 1004
germantown, wi 53022


 
 
 
 

©2025 gehl foods, llc. all rights reserved.
contact us


262-251-8572
800-521-2873
262-250-6847 (fax)
email: help@gehlfoods.com
press: press@gehlfoods.com

contact us

dispenser support

dispenser parts
dispenser set up
dispenser troubleshooting
faq
email: dispensertechsupport@gehlfoods.com


visit our corporate site
helpful links

recipes
login
cart
find a distributor
sitemap
privacy policy
california transparency act
sales terms & conditions
transparency in coverage




sauces & chipscheese saucesdispenser modelschili sauceslease a dispenserleasing infodispenser set uptortilla chipstrade in programsdispenser supportdispenser troubleshootingpuddingspoint of salefaqrecipesabout gehl's brandcontact gehl's







this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system.







