




paradise pointe golf complex - home






























  (816) 532-4100



book a tee time







 





news

golf

tee times
golf instruction
junior golf camp


online store
rates
annual passes

outings & events

golf outings
weddings
banquets
leagues
events calendar


contact us





















paradise pointe golf complex
home of the posse and outlaw golf courses
find your tee time









best online rate guarantee
you won't find a better online rate anywhere else!
search tee times









no booking fees
book your tee time online and pay $0 in booking fees.
book online


















read the latest news


experience paradise
paradise pointe golf complex is kansas city's only public golf facility that offers two challenging 18 hole golf courses plus a 4 hole academy course. the posse course (our original) features bluegrass fairways, rolling terrain and beautiful lake views. the outlaw course features zoysia fairways, large greens and more beautiful lake views.
paradise pointe consistently strives to offer golfers of all abilities a unique golfing experience. each of our courses offer exciting views of smithville lake along with its natural wildlife habitats. the courses were named in homage to jesse james, a native to this area. records show that the james gang actually lived and frequented this area long before there was a lake. if jesse were alive today, he would not recognize the lake, but could still navigate the hills and valleys in our area. in fact, he might be able to find one of his old hideouts.







paradise pointe golf complex













annual passes
compare our prices. our annual pass programs are a great value, play both courses for one membership fee. paradise pointe offers annual pass plans to fit every golfers needs.
learn more










junior golf camp
this is a great way to get your young golfer off to the right start as we cover the swing, etiquette and the fun of the game of golf. 
learn more





leagues & outings
paradise pointe golf complex offers 36 holes, which is ideal for the ultimate experience.
learn more





weddings & banquets
celebrate your special day at paradise pointe. we can accomodate up to 275 guests. voted top places to get married in kansas city.
learn more












paradise pointe golf complex


 18212 golf course rdsmithville, mo 64089




 (816) 532-4100




 golf@paradisepointegolf.com






social


 

 


news & updates
sign up for our newsletter to get the latest news and promotions.


















smithville mo







 powered by teequest™











