




	office of institutional research - florida state university
































skip to main content










fsu | florida state university



navigation
search fsu
webmail


















fsu sites
faculty & staff directory
departments & services























site navigation


home
alpha
bravo
charlie
delta
echo
foxtrot




global navigation


academics
admissions
research
faculty
students
veterans
support fsu

close menu














office of institutional research













toggle navigation


site menu




home
facts

students
faculty
surveys
indicators
metrics
research
resources
staff















student enrollment
an interactive model featuring student enrollment by college, department, major, degree sought, residency, gender, ethnicity, student level, and more.
learn more ›







degrees awarded
an interactive model featuring degrees awarded to students by college, strategic emphasis area, double majors, and historic data.
learn more ›
















information and services







facts
view our annual fact books and fact sheets online, featuring summarized institutional data and statistics.



students
search detailed information on student enrollment, credit hours, degrees awarded, graduation and retention rates, and more.




faculty
search detailed information on faculty types, headcounts, assignments, courses, and more.



surveys and reports
search reports, surveys, and data publications that institutional research produces on an annual basis.



indicators
view graphical respresentations of institutional characteristics, trends, and data models.



metrics
view external benchmarks, institutional assessment, and key performance metrics.



research
view the latest institutional research data modeling and analysis initatives.



resources
search various institutional data resources, including degree program assessments, department dashboards, and more.






















2023-24 fact book


the 2023-24 florida state university fact book provides the most current data available for a general description of the activities of the university. student information is provided through the fall 2023 semester, or the 2022-23 academic year for annual figures. other data are as current as could be obtained at the time of publication.
go to fact book 














common data set
a standardized collection of institutional data including enrollment, admissions, annual expenses, and more. 

fact sheet
the most commonly requested statistics about florida state university in an easy-to-access format.  

custom data request

                        have a data request for the office of institutional research?
                        
                        use this link to send us a request. all submissions will be reviewed by an institutional research representative.
                    







quality enhancement reviews





ir provides accurate and timely data to support the quality enhancement review (qer) process required by the office of the provost & academic affairs.
view qers ›










                            office of institutional research | florida state university | 318 westcott building | tallahassee, fl 32306-1359emailinstitutional research power bi app (fsu login required)
                        






© florida state university
					tallahassee, fl 32306



fsu directory assistance
questions or comments





privacy policy
copyright





like florida state on facebook
follow florida state on instagram
follow florida state on x
follow florida state on youtube
connect with florida state on linkedin
more fsu social media



 cookie preferences








