



	printer's apprentice - a font manager for windows 10, 8, & 7














































toggle navigation





                  lose your mind development





printer's apprentice

product information & features
screen shots
font catalogs
version history

purchase printer's apprentice



download


news



support

support home
printer's apprentice faq
printer's apprentice documentation
printer's apprentice history
printer's apprentice roadmap

newsletter

support email




more

affiliate program
press information
from our customers

  twitter feed
  rss feed


contact

























































                printer’s apprentice has been on every machine i’ve owned since windows 3.1. now, after 11 years on a vista machine, i’m in the process of migrating to a new windows 10 machine. among the first applications installed was printer’s apprentice. now, it feels more like my machine, and not so unfamiliar. pa is like an old friend.
                and as i “move in” to a new machine, i thought i’d take a moment to thank you for such a solid, reliable, and very useful application.” 
            






                i am a web and graphic designer, and i work with fonts regularly. i tried most of the freeware font managers, but eventually needed to move up. 
                printer's apprentice hits the spot! it's got the features i need and is easy to use. i especially value the "font groups" feature, which lets me 
                  organise my uninstalled fonts in the way i want in folders on my hard drive, then browse and install them from printer's apprentice.
                printer's apprentice also has three other things i like: it's made by an indie developer, it's regularly upgraded, and the price is fantastic. 
                  it's one of my must-haves and i would recommend it without hesitation to any graphic or web designer.”
              














printer’s apprentice

                printer's apprentice is a professional, modern font manager and printer for microsoft windows.
            















font catalogs







see more screen shots!










 preview, manage and organize your fonts.
 print gorgeous font catalogs, books and sample sheets.
 search your font collection by a variety of attributes.
 install and uninstall fonts as needed.
 opentype, truetype and type 1 formats - all supported.
 awesome technical support direct from the developer.
 a superior font manager for windows 10, 8 & 7.








 free download
                        

                                printersapprenticesetup.exe
                                current version is 8.2.23.10
                                free to download and evaluate
                        





                            buy now 



use paypal


use a credit card




available for $24.99
multi-copy discounts available
                            credit card & paypal accepted











                    our customers think printer's apprentice is the best font manager available!
                
“printer’s apprentice has been on every machine i’ve owned since windows 3.1... printer's apprentice is like an old friend. ” - tom m., may 2018
“your program is absolutely the best, and believe me, through the years, i have looked at all of them!” - charlotte m., june 2017
“can i congratulate you on an excellent program - it seems to do all that 
                    i want to do and more to get to grips with the 1,200 fonts i seem to have acquired over the years. ...i'd tried several other font managing programs 
                    finding them all lacking in some way or another...” thanks again!- howard d., may 2017
                









printer's apprentice

                            printer's apprentice is the powerful and easy to use font manager for windows. whether you are a graphic artist, a publishing professional or a software enthusiast, 
                            printer's apprentice will help you manage, organize and print your font collection. 
                        

                            the the best way to see if printer's apprentice is for you is to take it for a test drive. our windows font manager is 
                            
free to download and evaluate.
                        

                             printer's apprentice is a professional font manager for windows 10, 8 & 7. it contains no spyware, adware or viruses. and it won't gunk up your system. 
                            if you don't like it, the software is easy to uninstall.
                        








view and examine your windows fonts

                                    printer's apprentice makes it easy to find the perfect font for your project.
                                


use printer's apprentice to browse and examine the fonts installed on your windows system.
currently installed fonts, font files and font groups are displayed in lists on the left side of the screen.

single character, 
                                            character set, 
                                            sample text and 
                                            and keyboard 
                                            views are integrated into the main interface using tabs across the top.
a standard windows menu and toolbar provide access to other functions in printer's apprentice.
opentype, truetype and type 1 fonts are all supported.













manage your font files

                                    use printer's apprentice to manage and organize font collections of any size.
                                


preview font files from any source without installing them.
features a familiar windows explorer-style user interface.
use the 
                                            install and 
                                            uninstall features 
                                            to quickly manage the fonts on your system. no rebooting is needed.
uninstall functions removes fonts from windows, deletes font-related registry entries and can 
                                            
                                                optionally move font files to another location for backup.
                                        
organize font files into user defined, folder-based font groups.













print font catalogs, books and sample sheets

                                    see how great your fonts look on the printed page! print font catalogs and sample sheets with printer's apprentice for reference or for your customers. 
                                

                                    see the font catalogs and sample sheets page for previews of all the printed output.
                                


easily print many sample sheets or catalogs for multiple fonts at once.
printed output works with both installed fonts and uninstalled fonts on any media. you don't have to install fonts to print them!

multi-page, 
                                            zoomable print preview window shows you what the output is going to look like.
                                        

                                            print 
                                            keyboard and character set charts 
                                            to help you find those special characters.
                                        

                                            features 8 different professionally designed catalogs for printing multiple fonts on a page and 9 single font sample sheets.
                                        






                            printer's apprentice has many other features that make it the windows font manager you will use every day. we encourage you to download the software and try it out.
                            if you don't like printer's apprentice, it is easy to uninstall. check out the complete feature list to see all the fantastic
                            things you can do with printer's apprentice!
                        


 download printer's apprentice
                            

                                


                            
                                show me more features!
                            








printer's apprentice


free download

information & feature list
screen shots
print font catalogs
frequently asked questions
documentation
version history

windows 10, 8 & 7
        








                    view report on virustotal
                





purchase for $24.99
use a credit card
buy with paypal
multi-copy discounts



stay informed










                keep up with the latest news about printer’s apprentice. these are very low volume lists and you can unsubscribe at any time.
                more...



                    email address  *




first name 



last name 



                tell me about
                
software news & updates
i want to test new versions





 
















reviews






















latest news

                    we are always working on updates for printer's apprentice. follow us on twitter
                    or subscribe to the rss feed for the latest news.
                



                        september 19, 2018 - some anti-virus packages are reporting that the latest printer's apprentice setup package contains a virus. this is not the case
                        and the results are false positives. our development and hosting machines and are regularly scanned for malicious software. you can review the 
                        virustotal report for printer's apprentice here. here - 
                        
                            virustotal report for printersapprenticesetup.exe
                        . 
                    

                        we are investigating the issue and trying to determine the cause of the false positive results.
                    
if you have any questions, please contact us directly using our technical support request page.  

download printer's apprentice 8.2        
                        version history


05/28/19 printer's apprentice 8.2.1.40 released!we are pleased to announce that printer's apprentice 8.2.40.1 is available. a detailed list of changes can be found on the printer's apprentice version history page. 

 

download link: printers apprentice 8.2.
09/19/18 printer's apprentice 8.2 released!we are pleased to announce that printer's apprentice 8.2 is available. there are a ton of new features in this version and we are working on the web site with new information and screenshots. a comprehensive, detailed list of changes can be found on the printer's apprentice version history page. 

 

download link: printers apprentice 8.2.
06/21/17 web site enhancements underway!we are doing a lot of work behind the scenes to enhance the web site. contact us if you run into any issues!




tweets by @loseyourminddev















lose your mind development
printer's apprentice - a font manager and printer for windows
                            software from berwyn, pa
                            ©1991-2025 by lose your mind development and bryan t. kinkel
                        


                                email: helpdesk@loseyourmind.com
printer's apprentice |
                                support | 
                                contact

 










