












#1 orthopaedic doctors ct | connecticut orthopaedics
















































about us
careers
news
educational sessions and events
 









menu
close







patient resources 


urgent care | walk-in 


schedule appointment 







patient resources
find a doctor foot and anklehipshoulderhand, wrist and elbowkneespine, back and neckview all doctorsfind a location branfordcheshireessexfairfieldguilfordhamdenmadisonmilfordorangesheltontrumbullwallingfordwestportview all locationsspecialties foot and anklehand, wrist and elbowhipkneeshoulderspine, back and necksports medicinepain managementradiologyjoint replacementpediatric carephysical therapyphysiatrytraumachiropracticview all specialtiesservices urgent care | walk-inimaging | mrisports therapy | rehabsurgical centerworkers’ compensationview all services

site search


search this site





					dropdown content will be populated here based on hover/focus.
				


about us
careers
news
educational sessions and events
 










home to the best orthopaedic doctors in connecticut.

connecticut orthopaedics is a premier team of orthopaedic doctors, surgeons and health care professionals who provide compassionate and innovative, patient-centered care.













have you signed up for mychart ?


easily connect with your co care team
make and manage appointments, complete pre-visit tasks, and view past and upcoming appointment details
view imaging results
access test results
request prescription refills
manage medical bills

sign-up now opens in a new window 






comprehensive care that keeps you moving forward.



our compassionate care team will collaborate with you to build a personalized plan that fits your needs. from simple sprains or strains to advanced surgeries, we’re here for you. our orthopaedic providers use the latest most innovative surgical and non-surgical procedures in the area, to get you moving again.








20 convenient locations








multiple urgent care 
centers








in-office x-rays, 
orthopedic ultrasounds 
and diagnostics 








physical therapy and 
chiropractic care






learn more about our integrated services 












services

our comprehensive services are designed with your needs in mind, from diagnosis to recovery.



urgent care | walk-in


imaging | mri


sports therapy | rehab


surgical centers


workers’ compensation



view all services 










specialties

we provide extraordinary care for bones, muscles and joints. select an area of the body to see how we help you move forward with life.



foot and ankle


hand, wrist and elbow


hip


knee


pediatric care


shoulder


spine, back and neck


trauma



see all specialties 



 

patient stories
swati’s story: ‘great continuity of care (1:26)’














comprehensive care that keeps you moving forward.
our providers are committed to delivering compassionate care for the whole family, with no referral needed and at a location convenient to you.



8 urgent care centers across connecticut



20 conveniently located offices



in-office x-rays, orthopaedic ultrasounds and diagnostics



state-of-the-art mri centers



integrated physical therapy and chiropractic care



3 state-of-the-art outpatient surgery centers



transitional rehabilitation center



collaboration with the connecticut orthopaedic institute





learn more about our integrated services 







            “i bring my concerns to our appointments and always leave feeling listened to with the most appropriate course of action”        


















                    	patient education				






carpal tunnel syndrome 
carpal tunnel syndrome is an extremely common disorder affecting the hand, present in approximately 1 in 100 people.






anterior approach for hip replacement 
several of our surgeons currently use the direct anterior (or frontal) approach for most total hip replacements. in this article, dr. john irving explains.






herniated discs 
the diagnosis of a herniated disc can often be suspected from a simple description of a patient’s symptoms and a physical examination.





view all articles and educational materials 


















					                    news and announcements                					




november 11, 2024

connecticut orthopaedics opens new urgent care in wallingford



february 11, 2025

rural family medicine residency: a new connecticut orthopaedics collaboration




view all news and announcements 






















urgent care | walk-in 


schedule appointment 











find a doctor
find a location
specialties
services
careers
for employers





patient resources
billing and insurance
faqs
patient education
patient portal 
schedule appointment
pay my bill


about us
2408 whitney avenue
						hamden, ct 06518
call 1.203.407.3500
						fax 1.203.407.4244
contact us
news






facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram








team affiliations
we’re proud to serve as team physicians for several colleges, universities and high schools including:



































© connecticut orthopaedics, 2025


website accessibility
sitemap
privacy policy






















