



pcb wizards.com













  
pcb wizards.com
 

 









  
last update: 

09/27/2007
 
 

 







   




  main menu

 
 
  
welcome to pcb wizards.com
 
 
 
 

 



it has been said that electronics is just 'smoke and mirrors', or 'black magic'... this web site 
                             was developed to help 'de-mystify' the design, manufacture, assembly 
                             and testing of printed circuits and improve and promote 
                             quality in the profession of pcb design and the development of electronics products.
 
why pcb  wizards? well, in a manner of speaking many of our professional contemporaries are 'wizards' in a very real sense. 
                                let's examine the history of wizards 
                                for a moment... for many years, readers of 
                                adventures and ancient legends have been 
                                fascinated by the vast body of fact and fable 
                                surrounding wizards. wizards are in many ways 
                                personified symbols of man's insatiable 
                                curiosity,  the search for practical 
                                knowledge and the tools or methods to control 
                                the complicated world around 
                                us. click the following link for more info on 
                                wizards...[ history of wizards 
                                ]
 
pcb designers are truly modern day 'wizards' 
                                of practical knowledge in the field of 
                                electronics and they use that knowledge and 
                                their creativity to make the most amazing 
                                electronic products known to man. without pcb 
                                designers the world would be a far less 
                                interesting place... printed circuits are in or a part 
                                of almost everything we use.
 
i hope you find the website useful and that you continue to come back for up-to-date information and references. this site will be under construction for some time and will evolve to meet the needs of those who use it.  use the navigation buttons to the left to find more about this profession and its many connections to our everyday world.
 
the pages of this website are here for your use... please report any broken links or abuse to the webmaster. by the way, i'm looking for a logo for my 
                                website... here's an idea, let's have a wizard 
                                drawing contest and then vote for the winning 
                                picture. i can come up with something special for the 
                                winner... plus some publicity...  
click for more info--->wizard 
                                drawing contest
 
disclaimer: 
                                in no way does this website or it's developer or 
                                owner warranty any information taken or derived 
                                from this site. use at your own risk. we will 
                                not be held liable for any use or application of 
                                data found on this website and the site visitor 
                                by so using said information agrees to hold 
                                harmless the web site, its trustees and 
                                developers and owner and their heirs and assigns 
                                from any attempt to recover any monetary redress 
                                or compensation for losses real or imagined 
                                arising from the use of this information. it is 
                                provided free of charge and without warranty. 
                                sorry, but since we live in a world of lawyers 
                                and people looking to make money from suits 
                                rather than hard work and ingenuity i felt it 
                                necessary to disclaim any responsibility for 
                                others use of the info on my website. it's only 
                                here because i needed a place to store it and 
                                figured it might help benefit someone else in 
                                the process... enjoy... 


 
 


 







copyright © 2004 
          - 
          2007 pcb wizards.com 




  


