


animal actors - specialist in exotic animals














                    specialists in exotic animals
                

 info@animalactors.co.uk  07718 393332 / 07710 348777 










homeanimals for hirebirdsdomesticexoticfarminsectsreptiles & amphibiansgallery











why uscreditscontact us








menu









homeanimals for hirebirdsdomesticexoticfarminsectsreptiles & amphibiansgallerywhy uscreditscontact us
























specialists in exotic
as the leading provider of exotic animals, birds and reptiles for film and tv in the uk, all our animals are provided fully licenced with experienced handlers.








specialists in domestic
whether you are looking to hire a dog for a tv show, a cat for an advert or 50 rabbits for a magazine shoot, our highly trained domestic animal actors are available for you.




















 



specialists in exotic animals
welcome to animal actors


animal actors has been supplying animal actors of all kinds to the entertainment industries for over 40 years. specialising in wild and exotic creatures as well as household pets we have provided some of the most famous animal actors for tv and film.
why us















 



check out the types of animals we provide
animals for hire

find out more about the animals we supply and discover the right animal for your production.  we are the uk specialists in providing exotic and domestic birds and animals for film and tv.
animals for hire







check out the types of animals we provideanimal types



cats, dogs & more
domestic
whether you are looking for a dog for a commercial, a handful of rabbits for a photoshoot,  or a cat that can talk our domestic portfolio is extensive...




pigs, cows, horses & more
farm
our highly trained farm animals have appeared in numerous films, adverts, and stage shows and all come with our experienced handlers...




reptiles, amphibians & more
reptiles
we specialise in exotic reptiles such as lizards, frogs, and snakes and can even supply a variety of fully licensed crocodilians for your project...




fowl, birds of prey & more
birds
owls, hawks, falcons and other less common birds of prey are always popular.  we also supply a variety of parrots, cockatiels and exotic birds...



view all animals






specialists in exotic animals
our gallery

view some of our favourite animal actors on location in some of the biggest box office films and productions of the 20th and 21st centuries.  from classics such as indiana jones to west end stage productions, you are sure to recognise our stars of stage and screen.
view gallery



 





stay up to dateour credits





24 october 2023
backstairs billy

set in 1979, when strikes are bringing the country to its knees and britain is about to seismically change under margaret thatcher, it is business as usual for the queen mother and billy inside claren...                        
read more







24 may 2021
clockwork orange

a clockwork orange is a dystopian crime film adapted, produced, and directed by stanley kubrick in 1971. with disturbing, violent images to comment on psychiatry, juvenile delinquency, youth gangs, an...                        
read more

















 07718 393332 / 07710 348777    info@animalactors.co.uk













animal type

domestic
farm
birds
reptiles
exotic
insects



discover

why us
animals for hire
our gallery
our credits/blog



useful links

terms & conditions
privacy statement
contact us







please correct the errors and try again.



step 1

name:


*



contact details:


*



your message:



*



 submit














© 2023 animal actors - website by kontrolit















