







































testimonies



videos



deaths from abortion









				usa





				men




international
 


web-based



misc. programs by state







upcoming events



photo galleries



photo gallery archive


promotional resources







the silent no more campaign



our founders



our pastoral director



spokespersons for the campaign



campaign writings



campaign testimonials
 

campaign videos



press releases



news articles







find abortion after-care programs



healing programs



frequently asked questions




books, 
				dvds & music




after healing resources



12 signs of a spiritual awakening



prayers







how do i find hope, help and healing?



how do i know i need healing?



what does recovery feel like?



how do i tell my loved ones?



what expectations should i have?




abortion healing programs 
				







addressing post-abortion ministry in churches



seeking healing



effects of abortion



fictional stories



abortion testimonies



training to become a post abortion counselor







types of programs



do i want one-on-one or group support?



do i want in-person or online support?




































































help us spread the word. share this with your social network.tweet


 





                            campaign goals


 


reach out
								reach out to people hurt by abortion, encouraging 
them to attend abortion after-care programs. invite those who are ready to break 
the silence to join us in speaking the truth about abortion's negative 
consequences and the hope found in healing.



								 











educate
								educate the public that abortion is harmful 
emotionally, physically and spiritually to women, men and families, so that it 
becomes unacceptable for anyone to recommend abortion as a 'fix' for a problem 
pregnancy. 


 











share
								share our personal testimonies of hurt and healing to 
help others avoid the pain of abortion.


 











								     



								partner with the campaign!






silent no more awareness 






today's video testimony



								     































 







 
						   
						   campaign news


 




















								featured campaign spokesperson





dr. alveda king
dr. alveda c. king works toward her purpose in life, to glorify god.dr. king currently serves as a pastoral associate and director of african-american outreach for priests for life and gospel of life ministries. she is also a voice for the silent no more awareness campaign, sharing her testimony of two abortions, god’s forgiveness, and healing.the daughter of the late civil rights activist rev. a.d. king and his wife naomi barber king, alveda grew up in the civil rights movement led by her uncle, dr. martin luther king, jr. her family home in birmingham, alabama, was bombed, as was her father’s church office in louisville, kentucky. alveda was jailed during the open housing movement. she sees the pro-life movement as a continuation of the civil rights struggle.dr. king is a former college professor and served in the georgia state house of representatives. she is a best selling author; among her books are how can the dream survive if we murder the children? and i don’t want your man, i want my own. she is an accomplished actress and songwriter. the founder of king for america, inc., alveda is also the recipient of a doctorate of laws degree from saint anselm college and sits on the board of georgia right to life.dr. king lives in atlanta, where she is the grateful mother of six.printer-friendly version of alveda's bio in pdf format.to arrange a media interview, email media@priestsforlife.org or call 321-500-1000.to invite alveda king to speak in your area, go to request a speaker or contact our speakers bureau at 321-500-1000, ext. 255; email: travels@priestsforlife.org 








 







search our site















i tried to get away





i tried to get away

i was 18, pregnant, and very scared.  i wasnt supposed to be able to get pregnant.
i felt i had nowhere to turn and no one to help me.  i was a good kid and this was my first sexual experience.

were you given adequate information and counseling prior to the abortion(s)? 
  limited.  15 minutes at family planning and 15 minutes at the doctor regarding how the abortion would be performed.


























in our mission to raise awareness about abortion's adverse 
										effect on society.


										please join us in being silent 
										no more by signing up to receive our 
										campaigns news and event alerts











								 






						 



						 

						 








about us |
events |
resources for help after abortion |
join us |
abortion stories |
campaign testimonials |
contact us |
locate a chapter

copyright 2025 silent no more awareness campaign











