














home | pennsylvania rural electric association































































































































































      skip to main content
    













search






































about uspreaalleghenymember cooperativesassociate membersleadershipmember programsassociate membership programjody loudenslager memorial scholarshipprea scholarship trust fund in memory of william f. matsonyouth tourcooperative informationthe cooperative storyrenewables / reapload managementpenn lines magazineadvertisepolitical actionco-ops vote
































 



the pennsylvania rural electric association welcomes you
the pennsylvania rural electric association (prea) serves as the unified voice for electric cooperatives in pennsylvania and new jersey. together, these cooperatives represent more than 600,000 consumers in over 235,000 rural households, businesses and industries in the two states.
about prea







 



power with purpose
in 1946, cooperatives across pennsylvania and new jersey formed the allegheny electric cooperative, inc. (allegheny) to provide electric cooperative members with a reliable supply of energy at a competitive price.
learn more







 



read penn lines online
penn lines online is the electronic version of the monthly news magazine read by more than 400,000 electric cooperative consumer-members in pennsylvania.
penn lines online







 



community benefit plan
allegheny continues its long history of innovate approaches to providing rural electric cooperatives with safe, reliable and affordable electricity.
learn more







previous



next

























welcome to prea/allegheny. need help locating your local electric cooperative?


find my cooperative









































                    member cooperatives
                

prea is composed of 14 electric distribution cooperatives across pennsylvania and new jersey.




learn more










                    watch prea's 75th anniversary video
                

in celebration of prea's 75th anniversary, this film is dedicated to the early pioneers of rural electrification.




watch now










                    penn lines online
                

read the latest featured penn lines content online.




read online















































pennsylvania rural electric association
p.o. box 1266
harrisburg, pa 17108phone: 717-233-5704










quick links


contact us


privacy policy


members only


join our team


























©2025 pennsylvania rural electric association. all rights reserved.


powered by co-op web builder

















