



methodist orthopaedic surgical associates mg | hospitals in dallas
























 open accessibility menu





 skip to content


 skip to menu


 increase text size


clear all 



 hide





sign up to receive our weekly emails during heart month and learn simple ways to love your heart



close alert




















return to methodist health system


pay my bill

mychart


(214) 941-4243






about us





insurance plans

patient testimonials





our doctors

our procedures





arthritis treatment

joint replacement and reconstruction

hip

knee

shoulder

elbow

arthroscopic procedures

fracture care

work related injuries

sprains / strains

hand

imaging services

sports related injuries

foot and ankle ailments

pediatric, adolescent, and adult orthopaedics

physical therapy





our locations

patient resources





patient forms 

resource links





























the bone experts
our orthopaedic surgeons are board certified or board eligible, by the
	 american board of orthopaedic surgery, and our podiatrist is board certified
	 by the american board of podiatric medicine. 





request an appointment









the methodist orthopaedic surgical associates
orthopaedic surgical associates provides a complete range of orthopaedic
	 services in the dallas area, specializing in adult joint reconstruction,
	 sports medicine and athletic injuries, shoulder and knee arthroscopic
	 surgery, trauma, foot and ankle surgery, surgery of the shoulder and upper
	 extremity, as well as fracture and soft tissue injury treatment.
















alexander cho, md
dr. cho was born in queens, new york and is the oldest of three children. his undergraduate education was completed at binghamton university in upstate new york where he double majored in biology and environmental studies. he then ventured to syracuse, ny where he attended medical school at suny upstate medical university. upon completion of medical school, dr. cho matched into the orthopaedic ...


meet dr. cho












edward m. mairura, md
dr. mairura is board certified by the american board of orthopaedic surgeons and is a fellow of the american academy of orthopaedic surgeons. dr. mairura was born in kenya and moved to minnesota where he completed high school. his undergraduate education was at the university of minnesota, twin-cities campus where he obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology in 2007. he then attended the university ...


meet dr. mairura












john r. harris, md
dr. harris was born and raised in booneville, arkansas. the youngest of three siblings, he grew up enjoying the outdoors of northwest arkansas through camping, fishing and hunting. dr. harris graduated from the university of arkansas at fayetteville, where he obtained a degree in industrial engineering. he then graduated medical school at university of arkansas medical school (uams) in little ...


meet dr. harris












miguel a. hernandez, md
dr. miguel hernandez, iii was born in gainsville, florida, in 1966. he is married and has four children. dr. hernandez speaks spanish fluently. his undergraduate education was at texas a&m university where he obtained a bachelors degree of science with a major in biology. he then attended the university of texas southwestern medical school from 1988 to june of 1992. while in medical school he was ...


meet dr. hernandez












ray f. aronowitz, md
dr. aronowitz was born in tulsa, oklahoma. he is married and has three children. dr. aronowitz attended the university of texas at austin, where he graduated in december of 1988. he attended medical school at the university of texas health science center in san antonio where he finished in may of 1993. he earned membership to the texas epsilon chapter of the alpha honor society. his internship was ...


meet dr. aronowitz

















alexander cho, md







































edward m. mairura, md







































john r. harris, md







































miguel a. hernandez, md







































ray f. aronowitz, md







































 / 













featured services









arthritis treatment

learn more








joint replacement

learn more








hip

learn more








sports medicine

learn more








fracture care

learn more








foot and ankle

learn more









view all services




see all services








multiple locations available

visit the location nearest to you.
view all locations



multiple locations available












request an appointment



personal information


* indicates required field


first name*



							please enter your first name.
						



last name*



							please enter your name.
						



phone number*



							this isn't a valid phone number.
						

							please enter your phone number.
						

							you entered an invalid number.
						



zip code*



							please enter your zip code.
						



email address*



							this isn't a valid email address.
						

							please enter your email address.
						



what is the best time to reach you?



morning
afternoon
evening





how may we help you?



admissions
billing & insurance
general questions
information on services
other








							sub routes
						
							methodist dallas medical center
						
							methodist charlton medical center
						
							methodist mansfield medical center
						
							methodist midlothian medical center
						
							methodist richardson medical center
						




request your appointment





















810 north zang boulevard
							
						

dallas,
tx 
75208



(214) 941-4243






about us

careers

mychart

fraud & abuse policy

employee portal

methodist health system privacy policy

physician portal

methodist medical group privacy policy

language assistance services

giving

non-discrimination notice

shine online

map2 aco

patients & visitors

pay my bill

price transparency 










copyright © 2025


web privacy policy


price transparency


site map


accessibility statement



			powered by scorpion
		


texas law prohibits hospitals from practicing medicine. the physicians on the methodist health system medical staff are independent practitioners who are not employees or agents of methodist health system, or any of its affiliated hospitals.
methodist medical group is owned and operated by medhealth and staffed by independently practicing physicians who are employees of medhealth. the physicians and staff who provide service at this site are not employees or agents of methodist health system or any of its affiliated hospitals.
















