







civil war cannon reproductions - nu products corporation










civil war cannon reproductions






contact phone numbers
owner (don tolefson) 804 824 8859 (cell)

          son (jeff tolefson) 804 832 4928 (cell)

          home (land line) 804 693 4979

        






notice:

              carriages are sold as static displays ... and only as static displays. they are not to be subjected to
              "live fire".
            

for sale by...

              advertise your items here for $1/day. photos and words. include your contact information and deal direct
              with prospective customers. contact us today!
            





 
now offering
full-size 32# carronade naval gun, 6" bore , 65" oal
pvc and steel construction.
also offering a full-size civil war field artillery limber
                with ammunition chest,sheathed with copper sheet .pvc and steel construction ,no wood.
              

 
new product
12-pounder napoleon gun barrel
overall length =72"
                exact replica,non-firing.weight is approximately 200 lbs.
                steel skin,steel central tube,concrete fill in between.
                turned pvc end-pieces,epoxy coated
                price is $1800.00

no wood ... no rot
new pricing
full-size carriage (57" wheel diameter) : $8750.00
3/4-size carriage (42" wheel diameter) : $6550.00
2/3-size carriage (38" wheel diameter) : $5700.00
 price includes either a full-size parrott

                rifle or a 6-pounder style decorator gun barrel.
carriages are made of solid pvc and steel...no

                rot(ever)...indefinite outdoor  service...proven over 15 years of

                production.
quantity pricing.
gun barrels have external steel "skin", and

                rock-hard external surfaces on the muzzle and breech components. 

                barrels are concrete- filled in the space between the central

                steel(bore)tube and the steel "skin". 

                light-weight barrels using foam-fill are available.
 
            


theater model, 3/4 size, light weight, built
              to scale, easily handled,

              fully outfitted no.1 field carriage with parrott rifle on board


              this new model will serve movie and video set-designers, lobby adornments, outside attractions, yard
              displays and so forth. like all other company products, the major construction material is tough pvc with
              unlimited outdoor life. the business model for this product is unique..."buy it, use it, and then sell
              it". advertising materials to be used for reselling the product will be provided to the customer. the
              resell price could cover all of the customers initial costs and possibly more!

              system dimensions

              carriage: front of wheels to rear hitch = 90", bottom of wheel to rear hitch = 69"

              gun barrel: 59" over-all-length, gun-barrel-trunnions to front end of barrel = 35", front of barrel to
              rear hitch =104".

              carriage: 42" wheel height, wheel-track on ground = 48", hubs project 5" outward.

              system price (as shown): $4900.00


              a $700.00 option concerns recorded sounds of "cannon fire", extremely loud cannon blasts through two
              100-watt speakers. the sound is initiated by a hand-held wireless "fob". the system is built-into the
              trail and is invisible to view. recorded messages and music can be added.
            




outfitted full-size no. 1 field carriage, solid pvc and steel. two-hundred watt outdoor sound system
                with cannon firing blast. remote hand-held push button (fob). hunter-green speakers.




outdoor sound systems

              recorded cannon blasts, initiated by a hand-held fob or motion detector or pedestal mounted push-button
              are a source of fun. other sounds...

              

military music especially taps and marching music
fog horns
hoot owl


ocean waves
train sounds
birds chirping


truck horns
lone wolf
turkey gobbler, recorded messages, instructions and historical information



              outdoor sound systems

              powered by 120-volts ac or 12- volt dc battery with or without solar battery charger. mount system in
              truck bed if desired with battery source from the truck battery or from a separate battery and solar
              charger in the truck bed.

              enclosures for the electronics and speakers are of different shapes/sizes. speakers can be separate from
              the source electronics or all elements can be included in a single enclosure.

              two speakers are included, one is a sub-woofer; each are 100-watts providing far reaching (loud)
              sounds.

              sound is stored on a media card which is inserted into the electronic system. sound is loaded to the
              storage device or flash drive via a computer or micro-phone. as mentioned, the storage devices can be can
              be loaded with music, cannon blasts, taps and nature sounds and messages related to the site of the
              system.





              new! lightweight replica gun barrels

              using compressed foam in the interior. steel outer skin and steel control tube.

              


              pvc spheres

              solid pvc spheres and cementable solid pvc half-spheres

              size is 2" to 8" diameter


              dec/jan/feb specials

              $6000.00

              3/4 size no. 1 field carriage supporting a 3/4 size 6 pdr, 1841 style decorator gun barrel. wheel height =
              42".

              $7500.00

              same as above except 84% size with a wheel height of 48".


              new: reduced size artillery pieces for display on desk tops and in offices, hallways and lobbies.


              civil war artillery pieces such as field carriages with parrott rifles,6-pdr. cannon, howitzers, and 3"
              ordnance rifles are available at approximately 25% full-size. also dictator mortars, welded stacks of
              cannon balls and full-size replicas of grape-shot, etc. these are dimensionally scaled pieces for indoor
              and outdoor use.


              stage props

              low cost stage props....all pvc construction....easily moveable...indoor/outdoor.

              civil war gun carriages,full-size and smaller. larger too.

              civil war gun barrels,five models from which to choose. size is consistent with corresponding gun
              carriage. 130" models available. please inquire.


              new! reduced size sponge buckets to suit smaller gun carriages. three sizes. click on picture for larger
              image.


              siege guns, siege carriages and seacoast mortars

              * 30 lb. parrott rifle (131.5")

              * armstrong rifle (131")

              * dictator mortar (13" bore)

              * others

              rifle and mortar replicas have steel exterior surfaces. solid-pvc-and-steel carriages will not rot or
              decay. contact: don tolefson, (804) 824-8859


              60-day specials

              two full-size no.1 field carriages each with a decorator gun barrel, $19,500.00, 60-days delivery. choice
              of parrott, 6-pounder or 3" ordnance rifle. cannon ball stacks, 6" balls, 30 balls per stack. balls
              constructed of a styrofoam core with a hard shell exterior surface. $499.00 per stack.


              lightweight decorator gunbarrels

              full-size and reduced-size models. constructed similar to the concrete filled models except high-density
              foam is used in place of the concrete fill. parrott, 6-pounder and 3" ordnance rifles. each weighs less
              than 40 lbs. $900.00 for full-size models.


              big guns

              brooke rifle, armstrong rifle, others

              fiberglass, steel and pvc - full-size
            



artillery pieces
full size artillery pieces with cutouts to view interior contents.


• exploding shell with fuse, powder and iron balls
• canister with iron balls


• solid iron ball
• grape shot with 9 balls


• sections of gun barrels depicting rifling
 















125% size carriage with 125% size 6-pounder gun barrel (decorator) - 

                      wheel height = 72" (150% size carriage also available, 84" wheel height)
125%-size carriage and gun barrel on display at parks cemetery ridge confederate memorial plaza,
                      general otho french strahl scv camp 176, union city, tn














full-size revolutionary war carriage and cast iron gun barrel

                          carriage is constructed of solid pvc and steel. wheel height is 54". carriage is priced
                          at $8,000.00. note the dual trail and six-piece steel tires. decorator gun barrel is
                          available. this revolutionary war cannon(pvc carriage and cast iron gun barrel as shown in the
                          images on the left and right) is on display at the fort mcintosh monument in beaver, pa.
                        






product summary


gun carriages

                    no.1, no.2, and no.3 civil war field carriages. solid pvc and steel construction. decorators, no
                    live fire.

gun barrels

                    • 3" ordnance rifle (72.7")

                    • 6 pdr., 1841 style (65.6")

                    • 3" parrott rifle (78.4")

                    • 12 pdr. field howitzer (58.6")


                    gun barrels have a thin steel outside liner, a central steel tube, and concrete fill between the
                    steel tube and the outside liner. machined end-pieces constructed of solid pvc.

product sizes

                    carriages and barrels are built to scale

                    • 50%(half-size)

                    • 67%

                    • 75%

                    • 84%

                    • 100%(full-size)

                    • 125%

                    full-size wheel height=57";

                    125% wheel height=72"
                  
implement kit

                    • sponge-and-rammer stick (staff) 

                       (wool fleece sponge on one end - hardwood rammer head on the other)

                    • worm stick 

                       (coiled-steel clean-out tool on one end)

                    • hand spike 

                       (thick round stick tapered to suit pointing rings on rear of trail - used to point
                    the gun barrel)

                    • worm chain and sponge/rammer chain 

                       (used to provide support)

                    • sponge water bucket

                       (hangs from axle strap)

steel ball stacks

                    stacks of welded steel balls, 2" to 12" ball diameters

sound systems

                    100-watt outdoor sound systems - plays recorded sounds of cannon firing. three ways to trigger the
                    sound; wireless remote, push-button, motion sensor. recorded music and messages too.


                    theft resistant implement kit with sponge/rammer and work shafts made of painted hollow steel rod,
                    lockable with unobtrusive keyed locks. other items also lockable including hand spike.
                  












no. 1 civil war field carriage with 3" ordnance rifle (right-hand side)

              no. 2 civil war field carriage with 30 lb. parrott rifle (left-hand side) 

            full-size carriage with decorator gun barrel $11,700.00
          











full-size no.1, click on the images below for a larger view








full-size no. 1 field carriages supporting full-size 1841 style 6-pdr gun barrels, constructed from a
            central steel tube, a thin steel outer jacket and concrete-fill in between. feels like cast iron... looks
            like a $7,000.00 machined gun barrel. these are non-shooters or 'decorator' gun barrels. four styles
            available at any size, including 125% size for long-distance viewing.
---


3/4-size no.1, click on the images below for a larger view










3/4-size civil war no. 1 field carriage constructed of steel and solid pvc, painted in olive drab green,
            42" tall wheels.
full-size (66" lg.) 1841 style 6 pdr. gun barrel; steel-jacketed and filled with concrete, solid pvc
            end-pieces (muzzle and breech). 
three other styles of gun barrels available (parrott rifle, 12 pdr. field howitzer, 3" ordnance
            rifle). all four styles available in 1/2-size, 2/3-size, 3/4-size, full-size, and 125% full size.

announcement: revolutionary war ordnance
orders are now being accepted for revolutionary war 1779 3-pounder gun carriages and gun barrels. full-size
            (40" wheel diameter) and reduced size models available. gun barrels are exact in appearance but are
            steel-jacketed and filled with concrete. the muzzle and breech end-pieces are solid pvc.
oversized gun barrels and carriages are available
oversized units make viewing-from-a-distance more distinct. and, when close-up, the sheer enormity of the
            object is quite impressive. 125% of full-size provides a 6' tall (6' diameter) wheel, for example.
new - stacks of large size (hollow) steel balls
3", 4" and 5" diameter balls - welded together.


square stacks (4 inclined sides)
triagular stacks (3 inclined sides)


2 layer - 5 balls
2 layer - 4 balls


3 layer - 14 balls
3 layer - 10 balls


4 layer - 30 balls
4 layer - 20 balls



civil war gun sounds!
a sound system is available which allows recorded gun sounds from civil war cannon to be broadcast from
            hidden speakers located near your civil war gun emplacement. the sounds are triggered either by a person
            passing by the gun emplacement or by the push of a button on a nearby stand. the sounds can also be
            triggered by a wireless remote 'clicker.' the speaker system is rated at up to 100-watts which means the gun
            sounds can be heard up to 2000 feet away. the system is 'weatherized' and can be hidden in (available) fake
            rocks. the electrical requirements are either common 120 volt household power or by rechargeable batteries.
            in addition to civil war gun sounds, any other recording can be played such as a voice greeting or music,
            etc. please call (804-824-8859) for additional information and current pricing.




full size carriage with 1000 lb. cast iron gun barrel


    "when do you realize when you're a kid that you're going to be great and everybody else doesn't understand that?"
    leaf told the associated press in a rare series of interviews. "i don't know. russell high to a state championship
    his junior year; an injury early the following season caused him to miss a third of the season.

    that the thing, and my only problem with this story. the title doesn mention carolina, but stories like the one you
    mentioned, do. when an ex state player does something, his name, and ncsu are up in lights for all the world to see.
    when a carolina player does something, we often just see wording like we did here, simply referring to him as an
    "nfl star".

    credit the bravery of black players who have been risking personal livelihoods and making themselves targets in yet
    another time of racial strife in our nation by explicitly taking stands james hardan jersey against racism. credit coaches like the warriors' steve kerr, who
    never minces words when it comes to defending civil liberties and the rights of the black men he coaches.

    tiger had no idea where he was and embarrassing video of him stumbling through sobriety tests went viral on the
    internet. he insisted he wasn't drunk but admitted he had taken both the anti anxiety drug xanax and the painkiller
    vicodin. he said he took vicodin following his fourth back surgery a month earlier.

    greece is well known for its sunny climate and caf culture. it's not necessarily known for its side hustles. in
    athens, though, isobar is making the most of strong sun and stronger coffee by starting up two new businesses on the
    side: sunglasses brand we are eyes and a coffee shop called the side project.

    in 2009, the last cheap nfl jerseys
    time gary ablett jnr played in a premiership, sam newman thought it would be fun to dress mickey mouse silhouette up a mannequin as a
    female journalist and call the doll "a fair piece". the online comments from 2009 in response cheap jerseys to that controversy read like
    a bygone era, full of bemused defences of newman's skit as a point of humour. the humour defence officially died
    last year, when the same female journalist was the butt of a joke about being drowned by some of the same men. the
    difference between the responses to those two incidents is approximately eightyears, and whatever social force has
    evolved in that time.

    shaking the busheseven armey, so instrumental in giving warner a chance, cautions: "don't forget al luginbill in
    this story.""if there was one guy that cheap jerseys china helped me as much to cheap jerseys get back in the
    league, it was al," warner said. "i still believe to this day that the reason the rams signed me was simply as a
    favor to al because al wanted me to play in europe. he had worked with a number of their guys."

    1. will there be any changes to the coaching staff? owner terry pegula announced last week that general manager doug
    whaley and head coach rex ryan will return in 2016. left unsaid, so far, is the status of the team's assistant
    coaches. special teams coordinator danny crossman could be a convenient scapegoat for the team, being that he was
    not a ryan hire and his unit regressed cheap
      jerseys china significantly in 2015. it's also worth speculating about the future of defensive coordinator
    dennis thurman. in his limited dealings with the media, thurman carries himself like he was the architect of the
    steel curtain defenses, although his actual results in three years of "running" defenses is far less impressive.
    thurman's actual role in running the bills' unit is up for debate. he's a coordinator in the same way that curtis
    modkins was the offensive coordinator cheap
      china jerseys when chan gailey was coaching the bills. this is rex ryan's defense, thurman just carries a
    fancy title. if the bills did want to make a splashy change, ryan's former defensive coordinator, mike pettine, was
    fired sunday by the cleveland browns. it might be worth a phone call to see if he's interested in coming back.

    science fairs give students the opportunity to showcase their creativity. they should also give students the chance
    to highlight the science behind their favorite activities, whether it be playing a musical instrument, competing in
    a sport or playing video games. for instance, students who play or watch football can craft many science fair
    projects based on the science involved in football. if done well, these projects can cover everything from physics
    to probability to health.


  
steel and solid pvc carriage. will not rot and looks like wood (don't
    let your investment rot away!). leave outdoors and do not worry about maintenance or decay. parrott 10-pounder cast
    iron gun barrel shown in the photo. weighs in excess of 1000 lbs. 1/2, 2/3, 3/4, 84%, and full-size carriages
    available. wheels range from 28" to 57" in size. the 84% size model has a wheel diameter of 48".



    simulated concrete gun barrels with exterior steel liners available for all carriage sizes and built to-scale in
    each case. sponge buckets, hand spikes, sponge rods and worms available. 
originator of the solid pvc no. 1 field carriage
features

    solid pvc construction with internal steel reinforcement. finely

    textured surface holds paint well and looks like wood (don't let your investment rot away!). simulated wood grain
    finish now available for the pvc carriage!
wheels

    solid pvc hub, spokes and outer rim. spokes are tapered and of oval cross-section.

    contain steel reinforcement. 

    • dished design • 

    • steel tires, 3" wide • 

    • steel bands on the hubs • 

    • wheels roll smoothly on steel axles • 
stock or trail

    solid pvc stock of exact geometry. steel attachments (trail plate, trail handles,

    lunette, elevating screw, prolonge hooks, wheel guard plates).
cheeks

    solid pvc cheeks of exact geometry. steel attachments (trunnion plates and caps, cap chains, washer hooks, linstock
    socket, d-rings, understraps, implement hooks).
axle housing and axle

    steel attachments (axle bands and understrap).
shipping

    ups - ship wheels in two wood boxes, ship stock and axle housing in a third wood box, ship barrel on a pallet.
    customer removes parts from the boxes and assembles the unit. customer pays ups charges and box construction /
    packing charges.

    direct ship - using a rental van, the carriage is loaded as a complete unit. the barrel usually is carried on the
    floor of the van and placed on the carriage after arrival. customer pays van rental, fuel charges, and driver
    charge.
lockdown kit

    a kit is available to lock the carriage to earth. this kit can be installed by the driver if the direct ship method
    is used. 
stack of glossy black steel cannon balls

    ball size - 2-3/8" diameter

    14 ball stack, 3 layers, $300.00

    30 ball stack, 4 layers, $400.00


    balls are mechanically interlocked in the shape of a pyramid and are attached

    to a painted 2" thick pvc base board.
  








now available!

              the dictator

              13" seacoast mortar

full size replica - original mortar (weighed 17,000 lbs.) fired a 13", 200 lb. steel ball. all steel
            construction, a sight to behold! initial production run will be limited to ten units ... please inquire
            early.









 below is the no.1 carriage, 84%
        full-size, 48" diameter wheels, unpainted. 




 








              please communicate with us via telephone ( 804-824-8859 )
              or e-mail us for more
              information



civil war cannons

              7502 creeks end road

              gloucester, va 23061

              voice - (804) 824-8859

            







theatre / museum civil war scenery
            (unpainted)










click on the links below for some cannon sounds!cannon 1 | cannon 2 | cannon 3






visit our lighthouse reproductions at

            coastal lighthouses - www.coastallighthouses.com!








          copyright © 2024 civil war cannons. all rights reserved.
        





          web hosting by franktronics, inc




