



grand canyon rafting on the colorado river- arizona raft adventures




























































































  

























(800) 786-7238 (raft)info@azraft.com




facebook






twitter






youtube






instagram






pinterest






tripadvisor





a decrease font size.
a reset font size.
a increase font size.










adventures

compare rafting trips 
classic adventure 
motor adventure 
all-paddle adventure 
specialty grand canyon rafting adventures 


risks & rewards

the big picture 
rafting 
hiking 
camping 


more

choosing & reserving an adventure 
reservation & cancellation policies 
contact us 
request a brochure 
faq 
as the eddy spins blog 
grand canyon training program 
repeat adventurers 
our guiding principles 
testimonials 
photos & videos 
newsletter 


shop










 


 


 


 








classic adventure






motor adventure






all paddle adventure






specialty adventures






what grand canyon rafting trip is best for you? start here!





under third-generation family operation, we take pride in our long-standing history of providing high quality and experiential colorado river rafting adventures in grand canyon. you will see places you have never seen before, do things you’ve never done before and awake every morning to beauty so breathtaking the images will last a lifetime. with an emphasis on adventure, hiking, education, safety and fun, our guides come from diverse backgrounds and knowledge and river running, and are sure to provide you with an adventure of a lifetime.




share the experience of a lifetime with us!





photo ©ralph hopkins










❤️🏜️ love knows no limits—just like the






today is galentine's day! girlfriend time at its a


 





enjoy our latest video on our youtube channel a qu






whitewater wednesday! name this rapid correctly by






🌟 happy international day of women and girls in



 







top 5 reasons to raft grand canyon as soon as possible!
which grand canyon rafting trip is best for me?
where our grand canyon raft trips start and end
top 5 reasons to raft grand canyon as soon as possible!


experience the natural wonder
grand canyon is one of the most beautiful natural wonders in the world. it’s one of the few places left in the world that is still completely disconnected from cell phone service too! rafting down the colorado river is one of the best ways to experience the true majesty of grand canyon. it’s one thing to see it from either the south rim or north rim, but it’s a whole other view and experience from the river looking up. you’ll see stunning views, cascading waterfalls (yes, waterfalls in the desert!), towering cliffs, natural history left behind from those who came before you, and amazing flora and fauna.
adventure and excitement
whitewater rafting through grand canyon is an exhilarating adventure that’s sure to get your adrenaline pumping. you’ll be navigating rapids and taking on challenging terrain, making it a thrilling experience you won’t soon forget.
learn about history and geology
grand canyon is a treasure trove of geological history and cultural significance, from the original river runners all the way back to the original peoples that called grand canyon home (11 native american tribes are associated with grand canyon national park). a grand canyon trip provides an opportunity to learn about both geology and human history that you likely wouldn’t learn just from a day trip to grand canyon national park. you’ll get to see the layers of rock that tell the story of the canyon’s formation, and you’ll watch it grow and subside around you in a truly remarkable way that few get to experience.
unplug and disconnect
grand canyon rafting trips offer a very unique chance to completely unplug from the distractions of modern life. this is so rare in our world today, and it is truly one of the best reasons to do this grand canyon river trip. you’ll be off the grid, surrounded by stunning scenery, without your phone pinging at you every two seconds, and without the daily distractions of life. our days cause us to be so distracted, but to truly disconnect from it all brings us back to nature, to our most simple selves, and provides us the opportunity to get to know ourselves better.
make memories
finally, taking a grand canyon rafting trip down the colorado river provides you with memories that will last a lifetime. it’s an adventure you’ll look back on fondly for years to come, whether you’re traveling with friends, family, or solo, it’s an experience you won’t want to miss.


which grand canyon rafting trip is best for me?


between our three different colorado river rafting trip options, you’re sure to find the best one for you! we have a handy trip comparison guide to read all the details, but below are some bullet points of each of our trip types to help you start considering the best option for you.
our classic adventure
this grand canyon whitewater trip offers the most diverse craft type of all of our adventures. you’ll have three length options and typically three different boats to choose from each day.
if you have 14-16 days, our full canyon river trips are a great option as you will get to see all 226 river miles from lees ferry to diamond creek. if you have only a week or so and are capable of a strenuous and very difficult hike on the bright angel trail, our 6-7 day upper canyon trips are a great choice, as well as our 9-10 day lower canyon trips. you will miss one portion or another when choosing either of these options, but you can’t go wrong on either half. and many times, when our guests choose to do just an upper or just a lower, they will come back to do the other half.
if you are looking for some excellent grand canyon whitewater experience, our classic adventures are the way to go because of all the different boat options you can choose from each day. if you’re feeling adventurous and want to really feel the river move below you, choose our paddle raft and help maneuver the raft down river with 5 other paddlers and an expert river guide steering and commanding the boat. if you’d like time to sit back and take in all the scenery, choose one of the 4-5 oar boats while one of your river guides rows you down river. when available, we’ll send a hard-sided dory boat on this adventure as well, which is a fun and different ride than the other rubberized rafts. it adds a whole new level to the experience as you feel every wave and every riffle rock the boat.
our motor adventure
our 8 or 10 day motorized adventures are a great opportunity to see the entire 226 river mile stretch in a little over a week. this trip does not require a hike in or out of grand canyon either so is an excellent option for those who have less time but are apprehensive of hiking bright angel trail. these grand canyon river adventures feature one or two 37 foot motorized rafts, powered by 4 stroke engines. these rafts make for a secure feel for those a little more leery about the whitewater you’ll experience on these trips, as they sit high off the water, and flips and unexpected swimmers are much less likely. our motor trips have a younger recommended minimum age of 10, which allows multi-generational families to experience grand canyon together.
our all-paddle adventures
if you’re ready for the most active grand canyon whitewater experience we have to offer, this is your trip. you are required to participate on the paddle raft every day to help get the trip down river from lee’s ferry to diamond creek. this grand canyon rafting trip features 3-4 paddle rafts and 3 support oar rafts carrying gear down river.
you’ll be able to choose a 14 day full canyon option, a 6 day upper canyon option, or a 9 day lower canyon option. please note that the 6 day upper canyon and 9 day lower canyon options require a hike on bright angel trail, a strenuous and difficult 7.5 mile hike with a mile elevation change.


where our grand canyon raft trips start and end


full canyon travel logistics
you’ll start and end your trip in flagstaff, az, where we’ll meet you the night before your launch date for an orientation at 7 pm to go over all the logistics you need to pack up for your grand canyon whitewater rafting adventure. bright and early the day of launch, we’ll pick you up by bus, transport you to lees ferry, where you’ll meet your guides and start your adventure! on the last day of your trip, you’ll pull into diamond creek, where we’ll meet you by bus and transport you back to flagstaff where you started.
if you are reserved on our motor adventure, our 14-16 day classic adventure, or our 14 day all-paddle adventure, you’ll start at lees ferry and travel 226 river miles down stream to diamond creek. our trips do not go to pearce ferry unless diamond creek is washed out from flooding because we believe it’s best to maximize your amount of time in grand canyon national park than spend a whole extra day traveling through a less exciting and mostly sediment-filled stretch of the river. lake mead sediments have caused the disappearance of most rapids, and the best hikes and rapids are all upstream of this section. we prefer to utilize that extra day to hike along the main grand canyon river corridor.
partial canyon travel logistics
upper canyon
if you’re on our 6-7 day upper canyon classic adventure or our 6 day upper canyon all-paddle adventure, you will meet us in flagstaff, az the night before your trip for an orientation to help you pack for your trip. bright and early the day of your launch, we’ll meet you at the hotel, pick you up by bus and transport you to lees ferry, where you’ll meet your guides and go down river! on the last day of your trip, you will hike out on the bright angel trail from pipe creek (not phantom ranch, as this will cut 2 miles off of your hike by starting at pipe creek). once you hike out, you’ll be at the south rim village of grand canyon, where we do not provide transportation. we recommend you stay the night at the south rim that evening so you’re not having to rush out of the canyon, and can experience the beauty of bright angel trail. it’s also really nice to take a shower after your river trip and your hike out!
lower canyon
if you’re on our 9-10 day lower canyon classic adventure or our 9 day lower canyon all-paddle adventure, you will meet us at the south rim village the night before your trip for an orientation with your hiking guide. transportation to the south rim is not included, but there are plenty of options for getting yourself there, which will be sent to you upon making your reservation. the day of your hike in, you’ll start your descent down the bright angel trail as the sun is rising, which makes for a glorious introduction to grand canyon. you’ll meet your guides at pipe creek beach, and you’ll start your river trip! on the last day, you’ll pull into diamond creek, where you’ll help unload all the rafts, and we’ll have a bus waiting for you to take you to flagstaff, az.
why we don’t end our trips at pearce ferry or whitmore wash
we fundamentally believe that the longer you can spend time in grand canyon national park proper, the more you’ll be able to explore the most phenomenal side canyons, water falls and scenery available to rafters. going to pearce ferry adds a whole day to our trips, and ultimately doesn’t add much to the adventure. it would in fact, take precious hiking time away.
ending at whitmore wash would cut 1-2 days off your adventure. sure, that might help you in your vacation time-line planning, but we really find it important to be down in the canyon as long as you can. the longer you’re down there, the more settled into river life you become, and the more you can immerse yourself in the disconnected world.
our length of trips allows us to offer a pace that is comfortable, and not rushed, but also provides ample opportunity to get off the rafts and hike and explore grand canyon by foot, and not just by raft. if you’re excited to hike while on your trip, azra is known as the biggest hiking company in grand canyon, and it would be our pleasure to share this magical place with you!





questions? curious?
thinking about it?
give us a call!
800-786-7238


my life’s work is the care for, and protection of, our nation’s wealth, it’s natural resources. i am so very impressed by your company’s, and your guide’s diligent care and stewardship for the long term health of the grand canyon ecosystem and river corridor. indeed, i feel very good about booking with your company and am confident that the future of this precious place is in great hands as long as your company and personnel are caring for it and working within it.robert p.lower canyon classic adventureit is refreshing to encounter the progressive, professional, and highly competent culture of azra, a truly remarkable organization.david p.16 day hiker's discovery-aprili couldn't have asked for a better time. ever. this was 14 days of pure joy and adventure. it went by so fast, too. i wish it never ended. there were so many highlights from the river, guides, stories, little colorado river being so blue, the stars at night so bright, the moon at night, the critters, the hikes were amazing, the waterfalls, the other customers, the food, the good times at night in camp eating and telling stories and having fun. i could go on and ongary b.full canyon classic adventureiin a life of far more than my fair share of amazing travel experiences ( i spend more than half of my time traveling the globe) i have never had a better trip or one with better people. i do not use this choice of words lightly.matt m.classic adventure 


photo ©ralph hopkins











about arizona raft adventures
about us
our guiding principles
privacy policy
employment opportunities
contact us
azra’s code of conduct
employee login
essential eligibility criteria to raft with azra










useful adventure tools
request a brochure
red river sports retail store
as the eddy spins blog
area maps
bright angel trail: upper | lower
rates/dates: 2025 | 2026
useful links
southwest guide – what to do in the area
our assumption of risk form


grand canyon trust membership


more information
choosing and reserving an adventure
reservation and cancellation policies
emergency preparedness & evacuations
travel insurance
frequently asked questions
disabilities
repeat adventurers
charter adventures
fishing
trips on sale
photo/video gallery
testimonials
e-newsletters
2027 opening day list







email






facebook






twitter






youtube






instagram






pinterest






tripadvisor

phone


© arizona raft adventures grand canyon. all rights reserved.








































