











eat, play, shop, stay in westerville, ohio




















































































   













↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.







 

search for:






 home
eat

restaurants
restaurants in uptown westerville
beer, wine & spirits
bakeries, desserts & treats
coffee & tea
dora


play

holidays in westerville
arts & culture
experiential activities in westerville
parks & recreation

get back to nature
parks & greenways

columbus metro parks around westerville
discover hoover reservoir
alum creek south & westerville bmx
ohio to erie trail


bike trails
golf
nearby campgrounds & rv parks
pools & water activities


history & heritage

westerville history museum
westerville public library


tours & trails

ice cream trail
walking tours


otterbein university
transportation
dora


shop

boutiques
culinary
art shops & galleries
nearby shopping


stay
events

upcoming events
holidays in westerville
annual & ongoing events
live music


meeting & event spaces

large conference venues
mid-sized social and networking event venues
small meetings and gatherings
unique wedding venues
otterbein event spaces


about

careers


visitors guide
ohio to erie trail
holidays in westerville






            visit westerville
 

 


blog
facebook
instagram
youtube
in the news
new openings & coming soon
join our mailing list




 


 

 


five ways to warm your winter in westerville



			
			learn more		





 



must-try experiences in westerville



			
			learn more		





 
 















						westerville visitor guide						


								view westerville's guide 



						coming soon in westerville						


								see what's coming 



						ohio to erie trail						


								navigate the trail 



						eat, play, shop and stay in westerville						






this "city within a park" is where small-town charm meets big-city style.
located just 15 minutes northeast of downtown columbus, oh, westerville is a vibrant city with a variety of offerings including unique shops, restaurants, breweries (a few of which are on the columbus ale trail), hotels and activities. home to one of the top-ranking liberal arts institutions in the country, otterbein university, westerville is also known for its vast parklands and 50+ mile trail system. as the birthplace of prohibition and other important historical moments, westerville boasts a thriving cultural arts community and is a destination not to be missed. find all there is to eat, play, shop and stay in this thriving town.








								eat 




						westerville is proof of columbus' reputation of a foodie destination with something to offer everyone.						








								play 




						from parks and recreation, art galleries and historical tours, you can fill your day(s) any time of the year.						








								shop 




						westerville’s variety of eclectic shops and modern boutiques is ideal for any shopping guru. 						








								stay 




						make a weekend of your visit and stay in westerville to allow for plenty of time for exploration.						





 
 


designated outdoor refreshment area (dora)



			
			learn more		





 
 














caffeinate with columbus coffee

the columbus coffee trail is more than a great cup of coffee. visit the participating coffee shops (including westerville's java central), check in digitally and earn prizes along the way while staying caffeinated.




			
			get caffeinated		




get a taste of columbus-style pizza

the columbus-style pizza trail is the newest way to explore columbus in a unique way. two westerville restaurants; cardinal pizza and pasquales pizza & pub are featured on the trail.




			
			taste the city's pizza		




sip the city's best local brews

columbus' beer scene is waiting to be explored. pick up a columbus ale trail passport at any participating brewery (like westerville's own temperance row) and collect stamps to earn swag with each sip!




			
			sip columbus brews		




tour the underground railroad

the new tour features 15 stops across the state (including the hanby house) that highlights ohio’s legacy and involvement with the historic network, and the people who assisted others to freedom from slavery.




			
			explore the trail		


come visit westerville

















visitwesterville
our vibrant community is filled with fun things to do, neat places to shop, great places to eat and comfy places to stay!








love is in the air in westerville! 💘

below are


 





🌼 check out this paper flower class from @megan






join the @westervillelibrary's winter reading chal






believe it or not, one of our new year's resolutio


 





#didyouknow that for its first 100+ years, the wes






welcome to 2025! cheers to january fun in westervi
 





happy new year!!

🥂🍾🪩 

cheers to a new y






we have a feeling that 2025 is going to be a good 






state st. through the years (but make it winter!) 


 





merry christmas and happy holidays from visit west



 


load more...






 follow on instagram










					looking to book an event?				

					from meetings to conventions, showers to weddings, we can help make recommendations, secure locations and provide information for planning the perfect event in westerville no matter how big or small your event is.				




			
			contact us		





 







 



visit westervilleinfo@visitwesterville.org614-794-0401240 s. state st., westerville, oh 43081join our mailing list

visit westerville offices are located at cohatch westerville,240 s. state st., westerville, oh 43081



  

©2025 - visit westerville  
 
 

↑
























