





































    differentials | worldwide | 706-613-5339
  














                 




 (706) 613-5339
   



 sales@peloquins.com


    peloquins


     home



  products


   all products



  installation





  dealers



  history



  news and updates


   latest news



  coming soon



  press releases





  contact












    
 





       



    

 welcome to peloquins!
 we are now offering our products to the public at excellent prices.just go to products on the top menu bar, then click on the desired product to view pricing information.these prices include ground shipping within the original 48 states. plus all of our products include necessary arp bolt kits, differential bearings and necessary gasket, o-rings and speedometer gear for the 02a and 02jproducts. just e-mail to peloquins a request to order the product you wish and we will proceed to send an invoice along with a paypal request for payment. our e-mail address is on left of screen in blue just click on it. please supply a correct e-mail address to which we can send request.note: to clarify orders please send vin number and transaxle code so we can supply correct product. if needed we can e-mail the location of codes for 02a, 02j, 02m, 02q and dsg transaxles.send complete shipping address and day time phone number for shipping. we also offer very good international rates.we believe that we offer the best warranty for our products – no hassle lifetime (transferable) warranty. just shipping costs on any returns. we welcome you to compare our prices and warranty to other manufactures as we believe for what we include with our products it can’t be beat along with our proven success over the past 14 years.you still can go to our dealer listing to order any of our products just click on dealers left of screen.
     

view products


   

contact us







    frequently asked questions
      where are you located?

  




  our shop is located at 500 harve mathis road, athens, ga. 30601. however, we do ship our products globally. contact us to learn about prices or information on our differentials 
and other transaxle products.



   do you offer a warranty on your differentials and other transaxle products?

  




  my warranty is no hassle – no papers to fill out and is transferable on all of my differential 
and transaxle products.



   what is the best way to contact you?

  




  if you need more information about our differential 
or transaxle products, make sure to call the shop at 706-613-5339. this contact method is the easiest and quickest way to receive all the information you need on how to purchase o-rings and our products, or you want to know general information about peloquins and how to use/install our products. you can also contact us via email at sales@peloquins.com for all sales inquiries.



   did you change the 02a and 02j?

  




  yes, i changed the o2a and o2j helical cut on the planetary gears. this aids in a smoother reaction to loads created by friction. the use of much larger bolts better secures the differential’s halves together. i’ve incorporated a much closer tolerance in my blueprint to aid in the installation. a few necessary parts should be replaced when installing a differential. i’ve included these parts, such as differential bearings, speedo drive, o-rings, and 5th gear cover gasket. by doing these things, it should reduce the installation cost for the customer.



   can you tell me more about your 020 design?

  




  my o2o design, which i have been working on for years, has been proven to be an excellent product. i’ve completely changed the design by using the same type of gears as in my o2a and o2j differentials. the o2o differential uses new vw trunion shafts or stock shafts. this unit is in the center – meaning gears as the o2o was meant to have.



   what is the importance of 40% and 80% kits?

  




  these kits can be used to increase the traction of both wheels by keeping a constant load on trunion shafts.












   

need help?


      



    

 follow us

 peloquins

 o-rings


  contact us
 (706) 613-5339sales@peloquins.com
  find us
 500 harve mathis roadathens, ga. 30601
  




    

 follow us

 peloquins

 differentials


  contact us
 (706) 613-5339sales@peloquins.com
  find us
 500 harve mathis roadathens, ga. 30601
  





   acceptable usage policy |
faqs |
 
privacy policy
  © 2025 
all rights reserved | peloquins




















































































































  
  share by:








