







the atholl glens - official tourist and accommodation guide










































blair atholl weather







 photo gallery
 find us on facebook
 enquiries@athollglens.com























stay

self catering
hotels & inns
guest houses & b&bs
camping & caravaning


food & drink
events diary
activities

sport & adventure
history & heritage
nature & wildlife
visitor attractions
walking & cycling trails


local businesses
community
find us
accommodation enquiry







 






highland spiritrural lifeyour adventure














welcome tothe atholl glens


local information and guide to the amenities, accommodation, services and events within this beautiful and historic area of highland perthshire.  we represent the villages and surrounding areas of blair atholl, bridge of tilt, killiecrankie, calvine, struan, pitagowan and bruar.


about us
read local community bulletins


















upcoming events


find out more









eat & drink


find out more









outdoor activities


find out more









businesses & community


businessescommunity




 








local accommodation

find accommodation and places to stay in the atholl glens.
                    



 self catering
if you prefer your own space and privacy during your time away you may consider on of the many self catering properties in the atholl glens, you can stock up on supplies when you arrive.




 hotels & inns 
the atholl glens has a great selection of hotels and inns to choose from, whether you are looking for luxury, or staying on a shoestring - browse our listings to find your perfect place to stay.




 guest houses & b&bs
many families in the atholl glens run small, friendly bed and breakfasts - perfect for those who like the personal touch, and that home from home feeling.




 camping & caravaning
there are many caravan and camping sites in and around the lovely atholl glens in highland perthshire. perfect for that staycation.

























view all accommodation in the area






 







where we are

the atholl glens consist of the atholl villages of blair atholl, bruar, calvine, killiecrankie, and struan. all offer some of the finest hospitality in a natural, picturesque setting in the heart of perthshire
                    













 







how to get here









 


by car
find out the easiest way to drive to atholl glens.






 


by rail
blair atholl has its own railway station with regular service.






 


by air
only 2 hours drive from all major scottish airports.








 





join our mailing list
keep informed of the latest news from the atholl glens




subscribe




















official association for business, community, and tourism in the atholl glens area of perthshire.
                        image courtesy of chris frazer photography








privacy policy

membership online form
business information
useful contacts



copyright © 2025 the atholl glens. all rights reserved | web smart media






the atholl glens




 





 

