















henderson, ky - official website | official website









 















skip to main content






















 












search







 
 
 


    government      department      city services      living here      doing business  


 

 

 

 

 



 








































  
 
 

























 














online payments








notify me®










 
 














pothole complaint








key holder info










 
 














job opportunities








report a concern










 
 
 



 







residents







contact customer service



property taxes



municipal gas



henderson water utility



henderson municipal power & light



sanitation









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







living here







our city at work newsletter



parks & recreation



city maps



mass transit



city news



schools









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







business







henderson economic development



community development



occupational license tax



business info for 911



bid postings



budget









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







government







meeting videos



talk to the mayor 



pothole complaint



code enforcement



lienholder notification 



agendas and minutes



events









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














news & eventsconnect with the city
 






  
 
 











city announces tree debris collection plan from recent winter weather 

the city of henderson is asking residents to place tree debris from the recent winter weather at their curbside by monday, february 17th, 2025 for collection. beginning on that date, the city will start efforts to remove the tree debris across the city.				read on...




henderson water utility takes action to ensure water meter accuracy 

henderson water utility (hwu) is informing a portion of their customers of a potential error that has affected water billing since the installation of new water meters last summer.				read on...




city launches podcast "municipal matters" 

municipal matters is a monthly podcast that dives into all things henderson - city projects, community development, behind-the-scenes stories and so much more.				read on...




evansville metropolitan organization hosting public comment sessions 

looking for a chance to provide comment about the evansville mpo? here's your chance!				read on...





see more stories




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




 
 
 
 
 
 
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 












tue, feb 25  

board of commissioners regularly scheduled meeting

board of commissioners regularly scheduled meetingread on...









view full calendar




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 








 
 
 



 














city news & updateswhat's happening
 






  
 














city announces tree debris collection plan from recent winter weather 


the city of henderson is asking residents to place tree debris from the recent winter weather at their curbside by monday, february 17th, 2025 for collection. beginning on that date, the city will start efforts to remove the tree debris across the city.						read on...







henderson water utility takes action to ensure water meter accuracy 


henderson water utility (hwu) is informing a portion of their customers of a potential error that has affected water billing since the installation of new water meters last summer.						read on...







city launches podcast "municipal matters" 


municipal matters is a monthly podcast that dives into all things henderson - city projects, community development, behind-the-scenes stories and so much more.						read on...







evansville metropolitan organization hosting public comment sessions 


looking for a chance to provide comment about the evansville mpo? here's your chance!						read on...







christmas trees to be recycled into mulch for trail 


the city of henderson will be recycling live christmas trees at newman park from
wednesday, january 1, 2025 through saturday, february 1, 2025. the wood chips from the recycled trees will be used on the canoe creek nature trail in newman park						read on...







wathen lane project winter update 


as the wathen lane project progresses contractors have announced all work on the project will be paused until the spring.						read on...







henderson municipal gas shares details of gas main replacement project 


henderson municipal gas has started a gas main replacement project with an estimated completion date of late fall 2025.						read on...







city announces dylan ward as next city manager 


dylan ward has been hired as the city of henderson’s next city manager.						read on...







henderson water utility announces details of planned improvement project 


henderson water utility announces plans to significantly improve local potable water and sanitary sewer systems beginning the week of december 9th.						read on...







downtown henderson 4th of july celebration to take place on thursday, july 3rd 


henderson municipal gas proudly presents the july 3rd fireworks celebration in downtown henderson.						read on...







view all articles




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







municipal center222 first streethenderson, ky 42420phone: 270-831-1200mailing addressp.o. box 716henderson, ky 42419-0716
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







agenda & minutes



bid postings



code of ordinances



document archives



job opportunities



news & announcements









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







using this site







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 







government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









