


american legends






















    
	american legends
	
  











friday, november 20, 2009



	 
	 video:  weird and whacky moments in sports [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: bethel college, danny nardiello, fans fight for stick, puddle goalie, scott niedermayer, statue of liberty play



posted by j. mark english at 3:36 pm
 | 










	 
	 video: top 10 signs your nfl team owner is nuts [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: bud adams, david letterman, nfl owners, tennessee titans, top ten list



posted by j. mark english at 3:31 pm
 | 










	 
	 new york knicks:  fading dreams? [j. mark english
	 
    


this week the knickerbockers had the opportunity to sign allen iverson, and add at least a little moxy to an otherwise futile squad.  as they flounder in despair, waiting in earnest for next summers free agent jamboree, some writers offer up thoughts about why knicks dreams of what may be, may not be:mike lupica of the daily news:it doesn't matter in the end whether it was james l. dolan who didn't want allen iverson, or donnie walsh, or mike d'antoni. knicks fans wanted iverson. but they don't matter and haven't for a long time. when it was reported in the last 24 hours that the knicks were backing away from iverson, i got a call from my friend brian koppelman, who has been a knicks' season ticketholder for 21 years, who sits a few rows behind where the great red holzman used to sit with his wife after he retired from coaching. koppeman's son is 14 now and so was too young to really enjoy the last time the knicks were relevant in new york or in pro basketball, back when they were a hot ticket in the decade before this one. his son was four when the knicks made the nba finals in 1999, coming from the last playoff spot in the eastern conference to do that. even the next year, the spring of 2000 they still had enough, even with half the team hurt, to make it all the way to game 6 against the pacers in the conference finals before reggie miller scored 17 in the fourth quarter and got them again. so brian koppelman's son has really only known, and seen, what everybody has known about the knicks and seen from them for a decade: the worst team in the league. one now completely unwatchable. and more irrelevant than it has ever been. the new york expiring contracts. "if they sign iverson," koppelman said over the phone yesterday, "and he plays against the celtics (at the garden on sunday afternoon), then we stand and cheer when he takes the floor. it would have been a moment for knicks fans to get up on their feet for the knicks this season, not for a player like lebron on the other team." koppelman said, "there is no moment like it that i can foresee for us over the rest of the season." there have been all the lines and jokes about how iverson has been known as the answer, and how one 34-year old gunner, past his prime, could not possibly be the answer for these knicks, not this season. but you know what? he would have made them a better ticket.  iverson wouldn't have made it worth the money knicks fans who still go and watch and care are paying, but he would have made them better than chris duhon or toney douglas.jeff neuman of real clear sports:wake up and smell the powder, new york.  lebron's not coming. it's hard to blame knicks fans for clinging to hope. the most sophisticated basketball clientele in america has been saddled with a team that's richly embarrassing. the toxic remnants from the isiah era remain in the form of mismatched players, empty seats, and the stench that comes with a 2-10 record. donnie walsh has performed a miracle in clearing enough cap space to have room for a big free agent in the coming offseason. mike d'antoni coaches a style players love, one that lets them run the floor and make plays without looking to the puppet-master on the sidelines. doesn't matter.  lebron's not coming. why would he? as much as any superstar we've ever seen, he understands that it's a team game, and he always has. he has nothing to prove individually; it's about winning championships. add lebron to the knicks, and you're still three years away from being any good. he'd make them respectable, but why would he take such a great leap backwards? from a basketball standpoint, the move makes no sense. but what about the dollars? he'd be coming to new york! the big apple! the world's most famous arena! think of all the off-court benefits that flow from being a big star in the big city. the notion that playing in new york has any significant effect on an athlete's value is an utter myth. it's a holdover from the "mad men" era, a relic from the days when you only saw endorsement opportunities if your name was gifford or mantle or namath. to begin with, how many more commercials does lebron have time for? it's not as though he's underexposed. if he wants to release his own songs, make a movie, put his name on a fragrance or design a line of nonstick cookware, he can do it tomorrow without setting foot outside ohio. he's at that level of fame where the world comes to him. (have you even noticed that his last name hasn't appeared in this column yet?) playing in chicago didn't exactly limit michael jordan's income. indianapolis hasn't prevented peyton manning from appearing in more commercials than the shamwow! guy. nolan ryan and cal ripken became endorsement juggernauts from their bases in texas and baltimore respectively. tom brady met gisele bündchen despite the handicap of being in new england. brett favre did okay playing in the smallest market in sports. (his one season in new york only hurt his reputation.) who exactly has reaped the rewards of new york exposure? i don't recall patrick ewing getting a lot of endorsements. mariano rivera is considered the greatest closer ever, featured in loving closeup for dozens of hours of postseason television. what's it given him in off-field opportunities? jason giambi, c.c. sabathia, even alex rodriguez - they came to new york, and didn't exactly set business hearts a-flutter.labels: allen iverson, donnie walsh, jeff neuman, lebron james, mike d'antoni, mike lupica, new york knicks



posted by j. mark english at 3:09 pm
 | 










	 
	 a few tidbits [j. mark english]
	 
    


recently someone suggested the idea that the new "giants" stadium should be called jetblue stadium.  if, that is, both the jets and the giants plan on allowing a company to purchase the name of the stadium, would that not be a perfect name to cover both teams?  of course as someone pointed out to me, jetblue may not be able to afford the lofty cost of buying the rights to the stadium.  we shall see.another fun bit of information that was tossed around the other day is that the new york yankees have just as many wins in november as do the new york jets, new york giants, new york knicks, new jersey nets, and the new york rangers combined.  that is pathetic.  but i'm sure yankee fans would prefer to have the championship instead of a few more wins from the local teams.labels: giants stadium, jetblue airways, jetblue stadium, new york giants, new york jets, new york sport teams



posted by j. mark english at 3:00 pm
 | 








wednesday, november 18, 2009



	 
	 video: sesame street turns 40; vince carter & grover; harlem globetrotter[j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: 40th anniversary, grover, harlem globetrotter, sesame street, vince carter



posted by j. mark english at 3:58 pm
 | 








friday, november 13, 2009



	 
	 topps ticket to stardom case rip [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: 2009, american legends, major league baseball, ticket to stardom, topps



posted by j. mark english at 9:24 pm
 | 








wednesday, november 11, 2009



	 
	 west pointers - espn video [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: bill parcells, bobby knight, espn, mike krzyzewski, veterans day



posted by j. mark english at 3:31 pm
 | 










	 
	 some college fooball thoughts [j. mark english]
	 
    


on notre dame fighting irish - - neil hayes of the chicago sun times:evidently, being honest and forthright while answering questions is not something notre dame captains should do. if they puppet whatever coach charlie weis says, even if it's less than the full truth, they are leaders. if they say what really happened, what the opposing coach admits happened, they're not leadership material. notre dame may be one of the prestigious private universities in the country, but football players are not allowed to express original thoughts -- or at least that was the message sent after another loss that ranks among the most embarrassing in school history.    more disturbing than notre dame falling 23-21 to navy were comments that followed. more telling than the second loss to navy in three years, a defeat that could end up costing weis his job, was how the notre dame coach responded to mild criticism of the coaching staff by a player who dared tell the unvarnished truth.  this isn't a ''fire charlie weis'' column. i'm content to reserve judgment for a few more weeks. personally, i think the irish will upset no. 8 pittsburgh on saturday. anybody who has followed dave wannstedt's career knows this is the type of game that his teams usually lose. if nothing else, a win over pittsburgh would mute the blue bloods who claim losing to navy is ''unacceptable.'' what a joke. first of all, in case nobody has noticed, the irish haven't contended for national titles lately. secondly, if losing to the midshipmen is ''beneath'' notre dame, why is navy on the schedule? but i digress. what fries my egg more than any of weis' on-field failures was what was said in the wake of the loss. let's start at the beginning. navy's triple-option offense racked up 257 rushing yards in a historic upset of notre dame two years ago. in last season's game, defensive coaches jon tenuta and corwin brown devised a scheme that limited the nation's then-second-ranked rushing offense to 157 yards. the midshipmen ran wild for 348 yards in saturday's win, after which navy coach ken niumatalolo said: ''i really hope this doesn't come across wrong, but i think the thing that helped us this year was last year. we knew that they'd line up the same way. we didn't execute very well last year. they did a great job against us last year defensively. so we had a pretty good clue that they were going to come back and do the same things.'' in other words, niumatalolo assumed the irish would defend his offense the same way as last season and made adjustments that allowed fullback vince murray to gallop through the notre dame secondary for 158 yards. weis prides himself on his ability to manipulate xs and os better than opposing defensive coordinators. well, guess what? in this case, his defensive coordinators got out-schemed. there's no other way to explain it. hey, it happens. it was logical for weis and his staff to stick with what worked well the previous year. if they hadn't, weis would've been ripped for ''out-thinking'' himself, which has been a frequent criticism.---------on the iowa hawkeyes - - darren everson and david biderman of the wall street journal:iowa's upset loss to northwestern on saturday didn't fundamentally change the  college football season. the unbeaten triumvirate of no. 1 florida, no. 2 texas  and no. 3 alabama continues to steam toward the most predictable finish in  years.  but here's what hasn't been said: iowa's improbable winning streak, which had  reached 13 games and taken them as high as no. 7 in the associated press poll  and no. 4 in the bcs standings, was one of the most stunning—if not  inspiring—stories in the recent history of college football.  in a day and age when star coaches at schools in the country's richest recruiting grounds have  been hoarding the top talent, the hawkeyes were an unlikely candidate to  threaten them. the team has never won an outright national title, it's only had  one marquee recruiting class in the past five years and was ranked no. 22 before  this season. even its coach, kirk ferentz, said he was surprised by its  performance. "realistically, i have a hard time even picturing us in the top  10," he said last month.  yet the hawkeyes started 9-0 this season and beat so many solid opponents  that they were ranked no. 1 at one point by the computer polls. even the loss to  northwestern wasn't an indictment—the hawkeyes had opened up a lead in the game  that collapsed only after junior quarterback ricky stanzi was forced out with an  ankle injury.what's remarkable about the iowa program is its relative isolation. the ride  to campus in iowa city cuts through endless farmland. "i mean, a lot of corn on  the drive up," says iowa tight end tony moeaki. the lack of population puts the  team in a peculiar fix. other top football schools fill their rosters with  scholarship players from their home states—roughly 59% of florida's recruits the  past five years were from florida, and a whopping 93% of texas's were from the  state, according to rivals.com. the hawkeyes have taken only 22% of their  recruits over this period from iowa, which is one of the smaller states to have  a major-conference football program. labels: charlie weis, chicago sun-times, darren everson, david biderman, iowa hawkeyes, kirk ferentz, neil hayes, notre dame fighting irish, wall street journal



posted by j. mark english at 3:07 pm
 | 










	 
	 andre agassi on cbs 60 minutes [j. mark english]
	 
    


watch cbs news videos onlinewatch cbs news videos onlinelabels: andre agassi, cbs 60 minutes, crystal meth, katie couric, tennis



posted by j. mark english at 2:55 pm
 | 










	 
	 video: girls gone wild? [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: byu, elizabeth lambert, espn, mwc tournament, new mexico state, soccer



posted by j. mark english at 2:45 pm
 | 








friday, november 06, 2009



	 
	 new york yankees day! [j. mark english]
	 
    


   from connor ennis, of the new york times:thousands of people streamed into lower manhattan on friday to help the yankees celebrate their 27th world series championship with a ticker-tape parade.  it was the yankees’ first return to the canyon of heroes since their last title, in 2000.  the parade started at 11 a.m. at battery park place and  finished roughly two hours later at city hall park, where  mayor michael r. bloomberg gave the team keys to the city.  for the yankees and many of their fans, the parade was a long-awaited celebration, especially after the team’s success in the 1990s.  “it’s been too long, hasn’t it?” derek jeter said from the dais at city hall. he was answered by loud cheers.  people began lining the streets early in the morning — with crowds as large as 20 people deep in some spots — and toilet paper and confetti littered the streets hours before the official festivities began. construction workers took in the view while standing above the crowd on scaffolding.  yogi berra was among the participants, drawing cheers as he sat in a convertible that was near the lead of the parade. mayor bloomberg joined manager joe girardi on the lead float, which also featured the world series trophy.   the mayor’s office said that it expected anywhere from 500,000 to 1 million people to attend the parade. performers like the cast of the broadway hit “jersey boys” were scheduled to entertain the crowd at city hall. it will be a rare day of celebration in an area of the city that has been severely affected by the economic downturn.  hal steinbrenner, the managing general partner of the yankees, called it “a magical day.”  public officials, both current (senator charles e. schumer, gov. david a. paterson) and former (mayors edward i. koch and rudolph w. giuliani), took part in the parade, while the hip-hop star jay-z stood next to alex rodriguez on one of the floats. he later performed his song “empire state of mind” on stage to conclude the ceremony.  one of those not in attendance was the yankees’ principal owner, george steinbrenner, who is in ill health.  “you think about the boss,” the former yankee reggie jackson said. “i wish he was here.”  mayor bloomberg presented hal steinbrenner with a key for his father, calling him “the biggest yankee of them all.”--------here is a look back at the first ticker tape parade ever:also, have you ever been curious as to how a ticker tape parade ever came to be?here is a bit from wikipedia:a ticker-tape parade is a parade event held in a downtown urban setting, allowing the jettison of large amounts of shredded paper products from nearby office buildings onto the parade route, creating a celebratory effect by the snowstorm-like flurry. the term originated in new york city after a spontaneous celebration held on october 29, 1886 during the dedication of the statue of liberty, and is still most closely associated with new york city. the term ticker-tape originally referred to the use of the paper output of ticker tape machines, which were remotely-driven devices used in brokerages to provide updated stock market quotes. nowadays, the paper products are largely waste office paper that have been cut using conventional paper shredders. the city also distributes paper confetti.[1] in new york city, ticker-tape parades are reserved for special occasions. soon after the first such parade in 1886, city officials realized the utility of such events and began to hold them on triumphal occasions, such as the return of theodore roosevelt from his african safari, and charles lindbergh's trans-atlantic flight. following world war ii, several ticker tape parades were given in honor of victorious generals and admirals, including general dwight d. eisenhower and admiral chester nimitz. the largest was given for world war ii and korean war general douglas macarthur in 1951. through the 1950s, ticker-tape parades were commonly given to any visiting head of state, such as habib bourguiba representing the fight over colonialism. in the 1960s, following the assassination of john f. kennedy, they became increasingly rare. they are generally reserved now for space exploration triumphs, military honors and sports championships. the section of lower broadway through the financial district that serves as the parade route for these events is colloquially called the "canyon of heroes". lower broadway in new york city has plaques in the sidewalk at regular intervals to celebrate each of the city's ticker-tape parades. many famous ticker tape parade celebrate sporting events such the giants winning the super bowl in 2008 and the yankees winning the world series in 2009labels: 27th world championship, connor ennis, josh haner/the new york times, new york times, new york yankees, ticker-tape parade



posted by j. mark english at 3:17 pm
 | 








thursday, november 05, 2009



	 
	 video and photos: new york yankees win 27th championship [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: 2009 world series, 27th world championship, derek jeter, hideki matsui, new york yankees, photo: barton silverman/the new york times, photo: chang w. lee/the new york times



posted by j. mark english at 2:11 am
 | 








wednesday, november 04, 2009



	 
	 video: sesame street turns 40
	 
    


: 



posted by j. mark english at 4:27 pm
 | 








tuesday, november 03, 2009



	 
	 nfl fanhouse: america's team? it's the saints now [terence moore]
	 
    


from terence moore of nfl fanhouse:go ahead, because this is the right thing to do: you should spend the rest of the nfl season hugging whatever team you traditionally love, but you should kiss the new orleans saints in the shadows.if you prefer to do so in the sunshine, that's fine, too.the saints have replaced the folks with stars on their helmets as america's team. in case you weren't paying attention, hurricane katrina blew this franchise into the hearts of all those who had them. that unofficially happened on sept. 25, 2006, the team's first home game back in new orleans -- a monday night when, just like this monday night, the roof of the superdome threatened to explode because of the noise generated by inside, as opposed to the wind outside it.a game that was also against the falcons. and that, too, was a victory for the saints, along the way to their first and only nfc championship game.get the picture in black, old gold and white? when you cheer for the saints, you're still cheering for this city, which has come a long ways since water nearly drowned its existence, but it remains a sometimes-ugly work in progress.so the majority of the citizens do what they've done forever in new orleans -- and that is, they live through their nfl franchise. well, they mostly die with it. but after decades of gasping, it has a strong heartbeat seven games into this season.in fact, given the saints' rise to an unblemished record after a 35-27 victory over atlanta, with the home team excelling before a deliriously loud gathering screaming "who dat?," and with all of those watching on national television still recalling the death, destruction and despair that smothered these parts four years ago after that hurricane ...given all of that ...well, who knows what this team might accomplish this season?yeah, we know. these are the saints. a gifted bunch of saints, with explosive players throughout their offense and with a defense that terrorizes foes at crucial times, but the saints nonetheless. in the end, they'll likely continue to sit with the cleveland browns, jacksonville jaguars, houston texans and detroit lions as the only nfl teams never to reach a super bowl.that doesn't mean you shouldn't pull for the saints, because they are playing another season for themselves and everybody else.aren't they?"i don't know. i mean, we're always playing for the city, because our fans are so great," said saints safety darren sharper, in his 13th nfl season. then he added, "a couple of years ago, it was a different situation, especially coming off of katrina. there was a lot more emotion into it back then, but now, we're just trying to win."labels: america's team, drew brees, hurricane katrina, new orlean saints, nfl fanhouse, terence moore



posted by j. mark english at 3:41 pm
 | 










	 
	 2009 world series: various perspectives following game five [j. mark english]
	 
    


bob ford, philadelphia inquirer:  now comes the hard part....monday night's world series win over the new york yankees was hardly a sure thing, but it was the surest card the phillies had in their hand as they attempt to play their way out of the deep hole they dug in the first four games of the series....cliff lee settled down after a shaky first inning, got some run support and was able to pitch aggressively against the yankees. the only reliable starter left in the makeshift rotation wasn't as sharp as he was in the opener, but he didn't have to be. new york hasn't been able to hit him consistently, but, in all likelihood, won't get a chance to prove that again....whatever carryover momentum they hope to take with them will become moot at approximately 8 p.m. tomorrow night when game 6 begins. after that, it's all up to the starting pitchers to provide the advantages and disadvantages. the phillies will feel a little better about their chances (having awakened still having some), but everything that follows rides on what they can get from pedro martinez in the first game back in yankee stadium and whatever mix-and-match special charlie manuel dials up for game 7.harvey araton, new york times:  aided by his bat and an astute apology, alex rodriguez is ending the baseball season not as a former steroids user but as a home run hero. in the process, he may be clearing a path forward for himself and his much-maligned sport...this may go down as the season that the fans forgave baseball — or perhaps just grew tired of worrying about performance-enhancing drugs. rodriguez and andy pettitte, two high-profile yankees stars who were exposed as past users, are shining in the 2009 world series....until recently, players accused of cheating selected from  two popular options: vehemently deny, as barry bonds and roger clemens have chosen, or remain silent, as mcgwire has. but beginning with the admission last season by pettitte that he had used human growth hormone, a third option has emerged: quickly apologize and move on....“obviously, success on the field has helped, but isn’t it something how they beautifully and effectively transcended their humiliation?” said richard emery, one of the lawyers representing brian mcnamee, the physical trainer who cited pettitte and clemens in george j. mitchell’s investigation into steroids for major league baseball.lee jenkins, sports illustrated:  the biggest catchphrase in this world series, besides instant replay of course, is short rest. who's getting it? who's giving it? who's refusing it? charlie manuel did not ask cliff lee to pitch on short rest in game 4 and the phillies lost. joe girardi did ask a.j. burnett to pitch on short rest in game 5 and the yankees lost. both managers exposed themselves to criticism even though they made exact opposite moves...the problem was not with their decision-making. it was with their reluctance to reverse those decisions when the circumstances changed. after the phillies lost game 3, they had to win game 4 to stay afloat, but manuel still stuck with joe blanton over lee. after the yankees took game 4, they no longer needed game 5, but girardi still went with burnett on three days rest. it was the bold call, an attempt to press the action and ride the momentum, but given the yankees 3-1 lead, it was completely unnecessary....in their haste to close the door on the phillies, the yankees have left it cracked. burnett gave up six runs in two innings monday night, making the case against short rest in an 8-6 loss. now the yankees will likely ask pettittte to do what burnett could not. while burnett is in his prime, pettitte is 37, has not pitched on short rest in three years, and is 4-6 with a 4.15 earned run average when he has tried it in the regular season...the yankees are gambling heavily in a series that should have been a sure thing. if pettitte falters in game 6 on wednesday against pedro martinez -- yes, the self-proclaimed "old goat" is back -- the yankees will still have sabathia for game 7. sabathia is more comfortable than most on short rest, but even he was not as dominant as usual sunday night, giving up three runs in 6 1/3 innings. short rest takes a toll on everyone.labels: bob ford, harvey araton, lee jenkins, new york times, phildalelphia inquirer, sports illustrated



posted by j. mark english at 3:24 pm
 | 










	 
	 video:  ny vs. philly - - clash of the cretins [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: jon stewart, new york fans, philadelphia fans, the daily show



posted by j. mark english at 3:07 pm
 | 










	 
	 video: ws game five - phillies bring it back to the bronx [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: 2009 world series, new york yankees, philadelhpia phillies



posted by j. mark english at 3:03 pm
 | 








sunday, november 01, 2009



	 
	 nba: some wild predictions [david stefanini]
	 
    


after a very long off season, basketball is finally back. does anyone other than me care? probably not, but i'm still going to throw out a few predictions: dwayne wade is going to win the mvp. blake griffin is not good. just like greg oden he will be a complete bust. the oklahoma city thunder will make the playoffs this year. the chicago bulls will win more games than the cleveland cavaliers. the knicks will win less than 25 games. the knicks will not get lebron this upcoming off season. the boston celtics will win the eastern conference finals, beating the miami heat in 6 games. the los angeles lakers will win the western conference finals, beating the dallas mavericks in 5 games. the lakers will win the nba finals after beating the celtics in 7 games.labels: 2009-2010 nba season, nba, nba predictions



posted by anonymous at 1:59 pm
 | 








friday, october 30, 2009



	 
	 baseball defies predictions of doom [art spander]
	 
    


art spander of real clear sports: 

the game died years ago. isn't that what we were told? baseball was the echo of another time, men in baggy flannel standing around while the world sped past.
it didn't work on television, trying to cram that huge expanse onto a small screen. and kids who weren't playing video games supposedly were playing soccer, on baseball fields.
but here are the yankees and phillies going at it in this world series in october 2009 as they did in the world series in october 1950, and alex rodriguez and ryan howard are being given space in the sports pages equal that of brett favre journeying back to green bay.
sure it's because of the yankees, the most famous sporting franchise in north america, a team of wealth, pinstripes and history. the yanks cannot be ignored. nor, with this world series, can baseball.
they had a 13.8 overnight nielsen rating for game 1, nfl type numbers, and presumably the figures will be about the same for game 2, when the yankees, hailed and hated, tied things up.
baseball. "you win with pitching,'' said new york's derek jeter after the yankees beat philly, 3-1, thursday in game 2. always will win with pitching.
the phils took the first game, 6-1. always have won with pitching.
baseball. "ninety feet between bases,'' wrote the late red smith, "is the closest man has ever come to perfection.''
baseball, a game of axioms and survival. despite the black sox scandal, despite the shutdowns and strikes, despite the despair over steroids, the sport keeps staggering on.
gene mauch, known infamously as the manager of the 1964 phillies, who leading by 6 ½ games in september lost 10 in a row, told us, "cockroaches and baseball keep coming back.''
and so baseball has returned in all its glory, old and new.
hypnotic tedium was a description of baseball by philip roth, whose canon of work includes "the great american novel,'' dealing with the fortunes of a homeless baseball team. but roth said not until he got to harvard did he "find anything with a comparable emotional atmosphere and aesthetic appeal.'' baseball was "the literature of my boyhood.''
the essence of baseball is cumulative tension. each pitch adds to the question, the doubt. does cliff lee go inside or outside to jorge posada? does a.j. burnett throw curves or fast balls to chase utley?
it's cold in the east. the games start too late - although not as late as past years - and go on forever. but new york and philly are enthralled. so is much of america.
baseball is the only team sport not played against a clock. it's the only team sport where a manager hikes to the mound to stall for time, where an argument with an official is not only accepted it's expected - even if never without positive results - where fans, like jeffrey mayer and steve bartman, may affect the outcome.
baseball requires patience and persistence. the most famous cry is not "play ball'' but "wait ‘til next year.''
the yankees have been waiting for some time. the phillies, on the contrary, are trying to win a second straight championship, and you only wish the late james michener, who authored dozens of books, could be around.
michener once wrote a new york times piece about his flawed love of the phillies, which began in 1915 when he was 8-years-old and continued until his death in 1997. "year after year,'' michener conceded, "they wallowed in last place.''
a young literary critic confronted michener and pointed out, "you seem to be optimistic about the human race. don't you have a sense of tragedy?''
he answered, "young man, when you root for the phillies, you acquire a sense of tragedy."
the phillies are no longer tragic. they are involved in a world series destined to go no fewer than five games and maybe with luck six or seven.
the yankees have the prestige and the bullpen. the phillies have a high degree of self confidence. baseball has an attraction involving two of the country's more passionate sporting cities which happen to be located 100 miles apart.
out west they wanted the dodgers against the angels, but truth tell this one is better, a team not many people other than baseball purists really know, the phillies, and a team which because of its $200 million payroll and stars even the non-fan knows, those damn yankees.
and remember, you win with pitching.

as a reporter since 1960, art spander is a living treasure of sports history. a recipient of the dick mccann memorial award -- given for his long and distinguished career covering professional football -- he has earned himself a spot in the pro football hall of fame. he was recently honored with the lifetime achievement award by the pga of america for 2009. 
labels: 2009 world series, art sapnder, new york yankees, philadelphia phillies, real clear sports



posted by j. mark english at 3:26 pm
 | 










	 
	 video: world series, game 2 highlights [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: 2009 world series, new york yankees, philadelphia phillies



posted by j. mark english at 3:02 pm
 | 








thursday, october 29, 2009



	 
	 video: crazy amateur highlights [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: central hosting zachary high school, kenny dobbs, slam dunk, will briscoe



posted by j. mark english at 3:25 pm
 | 










	 
	 are the phillies blowing it by starting pedro tonight? [tim joyce]
	 
    


tim joyce of real clear sports:pedro martinez, tonight's starter in game two of the world series, played the lead role, with a supporting part from grady little, in the third most disastrous moment in red sox history when he blew a 5-2 lead late in the seventh game of the 2003 american league championship at yankee stadium before aaron boone's infamous upper deck shot (the top two most crushing red sox moments were the loss in game six against the mets in the 1986 world series and the bucky f'ing dent homerun in 1978). one has to wonder whether the memory of that moment is still all too close for the formerly brilliant pitcher. more to the point, are the phillies blowing any chance of taking a commanding two-games-to-none lead against the yankees by starting pedro against the team he admittedly had epic problems pitching against? a team he famously declared was "his daddy." the diminutive pitcher is 1-2 with a 4.72 era in six postseason appearances against his hated rivals.this much is certain: pedro, though an effective pitcher and an important late season addition to the phillies when he won five of six starts, he even in fact won his last start at yankee stadium while a met in 2005, is nowhere near the peerless, intimidating hall of fame hurler he was from the late 1990's until 2002. he is several years past his prime and will face a fierce, patient and vicious yankee offense that will be looking to break out after being utterly dominated by the suddenly unhittable southpaw cliff lee in game one. phillies manager charlie manuel is an eminently likeable, elder statesmen figure and has proven to be the perfect fit for his team of multifarious talents. in fact he is their joe torre, with his calm but intense demeanor, absolute loyalty to his players and his reliance on instinct over stats to enforce his managerial will on a game. but it seems to me that manuel is injecting a most unwanted element of emotional confusion and drama into tonight's game by starting pedro. i find it borderline masochistic. and it may prove to be the misstep that causes the phillies a chance to score a decided upset and beat the yankees in the series. it is clear that manuel has other options for tonight's game. why not go with cole hamels tonight and save martinez for game three in philly? after all, this would give philadelphia two consecutive starts with lefthanders against the vaunted yankee power. the formula for beating the yankees hasn't really changed that much since babe ruth - start lefties against them at yankee stadium. cliff lee, with his pinpoint variety of pitches that left the yankees flailing last night is exhibit a. granted, hamels has been hit fairly hard in his three postseason starts thus far but his control has been superb and he's been striking out nearly a batter per inning. and though he's only pitched twice against the yankees, he does have a 2.77 era in those games....labels: 2009 world series, cole hamels, new york yankees, pedro martinez, philadelphia phillies



posted by j. mark english at 3:01 pm
 | 










	 
	 congressman steve king grills nfl commish over rush limbaugh [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: congressman steve king, nfl, roger goodell, rush limbaugh



posted by j. mark english at 2:58 pm
 | 










	 
	 ws game 1:  cliff lee dazzles; rollins spot on [j. mark english]
	 
    


following last nights dazzling performance by cliff lee of the philadelphia phillies, i offer up a reactions from journalists of both cities:phil sheridan of the philadelphia inquirer:  cliff lee is the coolest man in baseball.there he was, pitching in the first world series game of his life, and the first ever at the new yankee stadium. derek jeter, a future hall of famer who has played nearly a full season's worth of october games, slapped a base hit up the middle in the bottom of the sixth, the phillies ahead by two runs. fifty thousand new york fans leaned forward, eager for the yankees rally that was sure to follow.how many times had it started this way, with jeter finding his way on base and his teammates taking some poor pitcher apart? so here was johnny damon, as capable of tying the game with a home run as hitting behind jeter and getting the rally going. ball one. ball two. a hitter's count. damon fouled off a pitch, took a called strike. another foul, then another. lee, working fast as always, fired the 2-2 pitch and damon swung. the ball ticked off the handle of the bat and arced back toward lee, a little pop-up. and cliff lee, the coolest man in baseball, held his glove waist-high and let the ball drop into it. he caught it as casually as if he were getting a new baseball from the plate umpire, then cracked his gum for punctuation. "i caught it, he was out," lee said with a grin. "to be successful at this level, you've got to be confident. you've got to go out there and believe you're going to get everybody out. i try not to go over the edge and rub things in and be cocky." oh, and then he got mark teixeira and his $180 million bat to ground out weakly to second base. end of another inning, easy as you please. the phillies won game 1 of the 2009 world series, beating the mighty yankees' hefty lefty ace and seizing homefield advantage. and they were able to do it because lee pitched the toughest lineup in major league baseball like he was working a b game in spring training. william c. rhoden of the new york times:  jorge posada was stoic tuesday afternoon as reporters flocked around, eagerly awaiting a response to the first salvo of world series trash talk.the catalyst was — surprise — jimmy rollins, the phillies’ lightning-rod shortstop. on the “jay leno show,” of all places, rollins had predicted that philadelphia would do more than defeat the yankees in the series, which began wednesday night. he said that the phillies would emphatically roll right over the bronx bombers, and they started out with a 6-1 victory in game 1. “of course we’re going to win,” rollins told leno. then, as if to make sure he had created a stir, rollins added: “if we’re nice, we’ll let it go six. but i’m thinking five. close it out at home.” rollins’s comments predictably set off a knee-jerk reaction around new york on tuesday and created a distraction on a rain-soaked workout day for both teams. in the past, rollins made extemporaneous predictions in his clubhouse or on the field. in this instance, leno gave rollins a grander, more calculated stage on which to be provocative. the talk show host cast the bait, and rollins happily took it, which leads to legitimate questions as to whether rollins really believed what he said or was just going hollywood. or maybe he was really trying to get inside the yankees’ head. “he’s been nostradamus, that’s what i heard,” posada said. “so we’ve got to take that away from him.”.......but in game 1 on wednesday night, rollins was more quiet than he was with leno until the eighth inning, when he started a two-run rally with a walk and a stolen base. in the ninth, he added an infield single and scored. and howard was right: the crowd booed rollins loudly.  what was interesting about his latest prediction is that some yankees fans reacted indignantly. it’s almost as though this is 2000 and the yankees are the defending champions and the phillies are the little engine that could facing the yankees’ mighty freight train. in fact, the yankees do not even have quite the home-field advantage they used to enjoy. although the yankees were 57-24 in their first season in the new yankee stadium, it is not the intimidating place that the old one was, where so many visiting teams got the shakes. this new stadium has no memories yet, no haunting veneer. it is a flashy billion-dollar building waiting for its first championship.labels: 2009 world series, cliff lee, game 1, jimmy rollins, new york times, phil sheridan, philadelphia inquirer, photo: chang w. lee/the new york times, william c. rhoden



posted by j. mark english at 1:35 pm
 | 








wednesday, october 28, 2009



	 
	 some final thoughts on the world series [j. mark english]
	 
    


here are what some of the writers are saying around the internet before the 'wild rumpus starts':thomas boswell of the washington post:  when the world series starts wednesday, the proud, confident defending world champion philadelphia phillies will face the new york yankees, baseball's biggest chokers for the last eight years. what happened? did these two cities, after a century, decide to swap identities? live long enough, you really will see everything....go to philadelphia this month and you'll see stories about how the phillies have reversed the town's ancient inferiority complex about its pro sports teams. you are no longer a sucker if you dare to believe in a philly team's chance for a positively ridiculous comeback win. it's now the phillies' trademark, especially in the playoffs. ask the rockies and dodgers. both are still numb. go to new york this month and you are met by the opposite mood. before game 6 of the alcs against the angels, a page 1 tabloid headline on the yankees blared, "we ain't chokin'.christina red of the new york daily news:  by the time ryan howard was drafted by the phillies in the fifth round in june 2001, alex rodriguez was two months into his record $252 million contract with the texas rangers, already a bona fide star with  several playoff trips under his belt with the mariners.  when the lefty-hitting howard made his major league debut at home against the braves three years later - sept. 1, 2004 - it was an inauspicious outing. pinch-hitting for pitcher vicente padilla, howard struck out looking against jaret wright. rodriguez was by then five months into his debut season in pinstripes, the star yankee third baseman on a team littered with all-stars. a-rod already had one mvp award (2003), and was en route to a historic playoff series against the red sox.frank deford of sports illustrated:  someone once asked fred zinnemann, the director, what a certain famous movie star was like. "what makes you think," zinnemann replied, "that she's like anything?"  in the same way, the more we learned about alex rodriguez, the more i've always asked myself: is he like anything? ever? certainly there's never been anyone quite like him in sports -- the best at his game, the world at his feet ... but yet, also incorporated within such majesty: insecurity ... jealousy ... and untrustworthiness. he could be so gauche he could make you cringe. remember the magazine photograph of a-rod kissing himself in the mirror? good grief, even narcissus was content merely to stare at his own reflection.tim marchman of slate.com:  to play in the nfl, you have to make a show of going to college. to play in the nba, you have to get through high school. to sign a contract with a major league baseball team, all you have to do is convince someone you're 16, provided you weren't born in a country with inconvenient labor laws....perhaps this goes some way toward explaining both the high reverence in which the intellectual is held in baseball and the low standards necessary to qualify as one. mike mussina's crossword puzzle habit was the telling detail that led a thousand profiles during his long career, limning him as a man apart from the rabble surrounding him in the clubhouse. the chicago cubs alone have multiple lousy relievers suspected of harboring deep thoughts because they went to notre dame. and tony la russa leveraged a never-used j.d. from florida state university into book-length fawning from both george will and buzz bissinger....yankees manager joe girardi fits neatly in this line. if you don't know that he has an engineering degree from northwestern, a team broadcaster will be happy to tell you. often caught by television cameras modeling taciturn expressions while consulting thick binders full of arcane statistics, girardi looks like an engineer, runs a game like one, and even talks like one. (how are the playoffs different from the regular season, joe? "you have your parts, and you understand what you need to do with your parts, and you just go from there.") and in this year's playoffs, girardi has done a fantastic job illustrating why baseball is a game for delinquents, not engineers.kristen a. graham and jeff gammage of the philadelphia inquirer:  on a stool at the yankee tavern, tucked under the subway tracks a block from yankee stadium, steve lopresti was the portrait of a lifelong yankees fan..."you have two world championships," lopresti lectured a visitor from philadelphia. "it took you a hundred years to win the first. we only have 26."...see why phillies fans love these guys?...and why local fans say that while it was fun to whip tampa bay in last year's world series, this year's matchup offers a rare opportunity:...a chance for philadelphia to put a beatdown on its northern big brother - on the city that thinks it stands at the center of the known universe, on the team that epitomizes arrogance, overspending and entitlement...."i hate that team. i hate 'em!" said anthony longo, who works at harry ochs meats at the reading terminal market....new york is alex rodriguez dating kate hudson, hounded by paparazzi. philadelphia is chase utley marrying jennifer cooper, caring for hounds. new york is over-the-top george steinbrenner. philadelphia is under-the-radar david montgomery....the yankees have loads of history and tradition and championships....the phillies have loads of history and tradition...."it seems like they have more of everything than we do," said temple university assistant professor emily sparvero, who studies the business of sports. "they have the bigger media market. they have the new billion-dollar stadium. they have the stars in the stands."labels: christina red, frank deford, jeff gammage, kristen a. graham, new york yankees, philadephila phillies, thomas boswell, tim marchman, world series



posted by j. mark english at 3:19 pm
 | 










	 
	 photos:  warming up before game one [j. mark english]
	 
    


 labels: cliff lee, derek jeter, photo: richard perry/the new york times



posted by j. mark english at 3:18 pm
 | 










	 
	 humor of the day 10.28.09 [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: new york mets, world series



posted by j. mark english at 3:16 pm
 | 










	 
	 2009 world series:  around the tube! [j. mark english]
	 
    


labels: espn, jon stewart, the daily show, the today show



posted by j. mark english at 3:01 pm
 | 










	 
	 most exciting series in a generation? [j. mark english]
	 
    


 jeff neuman of real clear sports ponders if this world series match up could be the best in a generation:twelve months ago, the philadelphia phillies won the world series. two months later, after committing a tidy $423 million to three players - on top of the gazillions already earmarked for alex rodriguez and sure to go to derek jeter - the new york yankees became the prohibitive favorite to take the title in 2009. the two will meet beginning wednesday night - weather permitting, two words that will be repeated often in the days to come - in what should be the most exciting world series in a generation. the two teams are extremely well matched. both have potent and deep lineups that can generate multi-run innings from any spot in the order. both led their leagues in runs, home runs, and slugging; had four players score at least 100 runs; and were extremely effective base-stealers as well (the phillies stole at an 81.0% rate, best in baseball; the yankees were second in their league and third in the majors at 79.9%). both play in parks that favor the offense - though the phillies actually hit more homers on the road than at home.   both pitching staffs, on current form, have one dependable ace, two good and sometimes great starters, and a wealth of good arms in long relief and set-up roles. the closers are another story. brad lidge was perfect last season (48 for 48 in saves), dreadful in the '09 regular season (7.21 era, 11 blown saves), but has a 0.00 era in five postseason games this year. mariano rivera is mariano rivera. the yankees are... famous. derek jeter, alex rodriguez, johnny damon, hideki matsui, jorge posada, andy pettitte - the names are familiar to anyone who's followed the game over the last two decades. this year's team -- enlivened by the addition of c.c. sabathia, a.j. burnett, and nick swisher, bolstered by the offensive and defensive presence of mark teixeira -- has played with a looseness and joy absent from the bronx since, oh, forever. jeter at 35 has had a season straight out of his younger prime. a-rod, shaken by scandal in the spring, has played as though free from the burden of being the team's focus in this postseason. teixeira's playoff doldrums are unlikely to continue much longer; he did lead the al in homers and rbis this year. the phillies, the defending champs, are in the unusual position of being the team with more to prove, since the yankees were all but conceded the title as soon as they spent their megamillions. philadelphia's lineup is the equal of the yanks': ryan howard, jayson werth, chase utley, and raul ibanez each topped 30 homers; howard led the league against with 141 rbis; shane victorino had a quietly effective season; and while jimmy rollins struggled, he can be an important spark at the top of the lineup in a short series. how is the yankees outfield of damon, cabrera, and swisher superior to the phils' ibanez, victorino, and werth? the phillies ranked fourth in the majors in runs -- ahead of eleven teams that had the advantage of using dhs.  the series, as it generally does, will come down to pitching.  the rotations are anchored by the recent prides of cleveland, c.c. sabathia and cliff lee. sabathia has been terrific in the postseason, but so has lee; the cliff lee of 2008-9 has pitched well against the yankees (2-1, 1.89), while sabathia in the same period has struggled against the phils (0-2, 6.17). a.j. burnett has never been a consistent pitcher, is averaging five walks per nine innings in the postseason, and philadelphia has generally done well against him (5-8, 4.75 for his career). and for all of andy pettitte's reputation as a big-game pitcher, he has a losing record in the world series (3-4). against the latter two, the phillies will match up pedro martinez, a sure hall of famer who was brilliant against the dodgers in the nlcs (and has long relished pitching against the yankees), and cole hamels, last year's world series mvp who is dominant when healthy. is it at all unlikely that the phils can get two top-notch starts out of lee, and one of two each from pedro and hamels? the phillies' long relievers, who should include rookie starter j.a. happ for the series, are less heralded than the yankees' pair of phil hughes and joba chamberlain, but those two have looked nothing like their reputations lately (joba's era since september 1 is 6.33; hughes's era this postseason is 5.78, and he's allowed at least one hit in every outing). which leaves only the closers: can lidge show some semblance of his 2008 form? will mariano rivera, a month from his fortieth birthday, show imperfection at last? neither team is just happy to be there.  the stage is set for seven explosive, tension-filled games.  phillies in seven.labels: jeff neuman, new york yankees, philadelphia phillies, real clear sports, world series



posted by j. mark english at 8:37 am
 | 













contributors

j. mark english
mark









the companies












become a fan
of american legends on facebook »
american legends on facebook 



 quickpost this image to myspace, digg, facebook, and others!
    


scores & updates

get the live sports scoreboard by ingamenow widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox!



get the fox sports widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox!














my space





the networks

cbs sports
espn
fox sports
msg
sports illustrated/cnn
sportsnet new york
wfan radio
yes network


notice: all material on this site should be considered my personal opinion and may not represent that of my employers, american legends â®. this includes my comments on other sites as well as anything i say in person.


our teams

new jersey devils
new york giants
new york islanders
new york jets
new york knicks
new york mets
new jersey nets
new york rangers
new york yankees

fab four

major league baseball
national basketball association
national football league
national hockey league

around the horn

absolute sports report/a>
aaron gleeman
athletics nation
az snakepit
ball parks
baseball analyst
baseball card blog
baseball crank
baseball etc.
baseball musings
baseball think factory
boston red thoughts
bronx banter
bronx bloggers
brooklyn met fan
catfish stew
chad gramling's baseball blog
church of baseball
cincinnati reds blog
crawford's take
drays bay
dodger thoughts
dom's mets blog
down the left field line
dugout diary
faith and fear in flushing
fantasy baseball info
field of schemes
flushing kings
futility fielder
giants cove
gotham baseball
i had outs
inside pitch
a little roller up along first
mets blog
mets fan club
metstradamus
mets mole
metropolitans
mets tube
mets geek
mets heads
mets merized
mets walk offs
metsquire
mike's mets
xm mlb chat
mlb trade rumors
mvn - red soxs
myfantasyball blog
mondesis house
the oriole post
out of left field
pearly gates
peter's red sox forever
phillies nation
phillies flow
a quest for keith
the ropolitans
shea baseball
singapore sox fan
todd's twins
transplanted mets fan
traveling baseball babes
where have you gone, andy van slyke?
ultimate mets database
yankees 2000
yankees-chick
yankee fan blog

the gridiron


big blue blog
blue bird tailgate
colts couch crew
dawg-pound
deadspin giants
falcons sports blog
the fanhouse - giants
football blogger
football bowl
giants 101
giant's corner
giant football blog
giants road crew
jaguars journal
jets blog
the nfl draft site
niners nation
mvn - 49ersmea
mvn - bears
mvn - browns
mvn - falcons
mvn - patriots
mvn - raiders
mvn - titans
music city miracles
ncaa football news
pro football talk
the wayne fontes experience

slam dunks

bobcat bonfire
complete hoops report
mvn - hawks
hoops hype
knicksology
lakers blog
true hoop

the zamboni

the bear cave
the bear cave
capital fanatic
canucks rush
confessions of a hockey fanatic
hockey blog
mvn - wild
hurricane season
hockey critic
on the forecheck
the smarting senators
toronto maple leafs fan blog

the lexicon of sports

acc/sec blog
a.j.'s sports blog
alpine tips
all sports
all sports blog
another delco guy in south jersey
arsenal news
az sports hub
bad jocks
ben maller
the best team
big ten fans
big 12 fans
blog maverick
boylston chess club
brevity is... wit
cage today
college sports fan
complete sports
cricpro
cricket plus news
current habs history
cusa fans
detroit sports unleashed
diecast dude's nascar blah blah blog
dfn sports big ten
dfn sports big 12
dfn sports cusa
double-a zone
east coast agony
epl talk
fake teams
fan blogs
get a sporting life
the golf blogger
golf club atlas
sim grinder
indy racing revolution
just for sport
just your average jogger
linkedin - chris sold corn
lit's controversial sports chanting
mighty quinn media machine
new york sports day
ohio sports time blog
ol' bc
play pack attack
the pojo dojo
positive sports news
road running
rock chalk talk
selby shotokan karate club
smart alec
snowboarding school
snooker billiard spool
soccerphile football
sports biz
sports by brooks
sports dud
sports fan perspective
the sports flow
the sports guy
sports journalists
sports pickle
sports vids
summer olympic news
surfline
sweaty men
statistically speaking
tayster's world
teams sports
we should be gm's
torpor indy
wines family
world blog collection
under the canopy
unofficial byu cougars blog
ugyenorji
van delay sports
visha albhat
zisk magazine


knowledge is power

baseball library
database basketball
hockeydb
pro football reference

back to school

rivals
scout

good fellas

alarming news
american think
ccs178
the corner
dawn eden
derek c. bart
discerning texan
dumb ox news
the evening telegram
exit zero
i am screaming
kalroy was here
left turn on bird street
life with christ
mc rebbe
michelle malkin
my opinion on sports
nycyr
ogre's politics
one hand clapping
pets garden blog
political critic
qatar visitor
radio vixen
ragged thots
red state
rene's ramblings
rhodent
sexless in the city
titanium thoughts
this fish

from back in the day

means of production

the 3g's
abraca-pocus
aceone118
american pundit
american thinker
angels that care
anji patchwork
anti-dhimmi
aria goes down
an arizona cheesehead's thoughts
atlanticblog
austin criminal defense lawyer
a walk into my life
as seen in the rear view
axe handles
baby care basics
bad eagle
before i get told
betablogger 4 dummies
the bewilderness
thank you and love live your majesty
bill putnam
bitchasaurus
blogline
blogs for bush
blogs of war
blog marketing tactics
book slut
bourgeois nerd
brainwash
the broken chair
campus watch
captain's log
can you hear me now?
captain's quarters
cfb report
clareified
clubfoot
common admission test
compass points
context switch
the corner
cruel kev
ccs178
cynthia's interests
a daily dose of zen sarcasm
daily kos
dawn eden
dawn a country road
deacon's blog
dear world
demagogue
diamond hoggers
digital-ed
dos-centavos
dreaming and believing
the drum and cannon
dwi lawyer
factcheck
dhimmi watch
dura mater
eschaton
erkan's field diary
elvia black
execupundit
exit stage-left
fast weight loss?
fellow random one
first in!
forlorn applea>
four point calvinist
freedom's cost
the gardeners daughter
gatewaypundit
generation x-pose
a gentle fuss
globetrotter
god's wonderful love
gold tips
grinding gears
gruntdoc
hapax legomenon
harleys, cars, girls, guitars
head wide open
healing iraq
hillbilly savants
holly sphere
honea express
hong pong
honor the fallen
hugh hewitt
i am simply different
ian mcleod
the ignorant immigrant
i'm a hoe
inkwell
insane ramblings
instapundit
in iraq, sex is like snow
irrational woman
i want - i got
i rant; therefore, i am
it's the planet, stupid!
jeff jarvis
joe citizen
joy news
julie unplugged
just sayin'
karen's korner
keith d. milby
kinda kitschy
la shawn barber
leesa's stories
liberal debutante
the life & times of a cool single man
life in the nhs
the life & loves of a she weevil
little black duck
little green footballs
looking out from my little place
lwaya
marcia's world
martinis at 8
middle class mom
mike browne's blog
mike's eyes
minda smooches!
miscellaneous objections
mo'thanskin
a mom on a mission
mover mike
multi senteiae
my adventures in the us of a
my bad art
my lounge
my two cents worth
nashville for the 21st century
nedvizzini
no pasaran
no more spin
pebble chaser
night after night
opinionbug
our world as we see it
outside the beltway
overlawyered
the pagan temple
peppermint tea
peter rohde
polipundit
possessing the treasure
power line
princess girly girl
professor bainbridge
prophet or madman
psycho pimp
quotes blog
radioblogger
the ramblings of silver blue
real clear politics
the remedy
rob rivera
robert stochastic thoughts
romunov's blog
running shoes
sacred cow crossing
sauce!
say goodbye to romance
sine qua non's journal
scrapple face
screamers
scribbler on the net
s. d. watch
shimmy's blog
stars over washington
step up to a million
the stogie guys
stl recruiting
strange land
stuperhero extraordinaire
t-shirts around the internet
the talk of the town
the taipei kid
tao of pauly
the tension
texas freds
think, think, think
through the eyes of happy apple
tick marks
tigersue's jungle
torpor indy
the treasure fine
two hot chicks
the uncertainty people
the ugly american
uncorrelated
unrealistic expectations
versus populum
victoria's secrets
volokh
vulcan's mercy
wakado
wandering woman writing in spain
weenie
western slope screen systems
white noise
who's your nanny?
wixipedia
wizbang
yaeli's blog

left and right

american conservative
anne applebaum
andrew sullivan
can't see the center
christopher hitchens
conservative-insurgent
conservative scalawag
david brooks
david frum
deuddersun
goofy blog
iraq war news
lamplighter
liberal elite
mark steyn
michelle malkin
mickey kaus
the nattering nabob
ogre's politics and views
the politico
that crazy kid, the okcitykid said what!
radical noesis
reformed chicks blabbing
right wing news
saint know it all
sanity bluff
thomas sowell
the urban grind
within reason


faith and reason

fraters libertas
first things
jewish world review
mark shea
our word
saint cloud state
thrownback
veritas
winds of change


high return on investment

casino management
larry kudlow




print and opinion

american spectator
australian
boston globe
boston herald
chicago sun-times
chicago tribune
christian science monitor
chronicle of higher education
        commentary
daily star
drudge report
economist
financial times
foreign affairs
guardian and observer
globe and mail
ha'aretz
independent online
independent review
independent women's forum
jerusalem post
national interest
national journal
national post
national review
new atlantis
new criterion
new york post
new york times
new republic online
new york sun
new zealand herald
reason
slate
sydney morning herald
usa today
wall street journal
washington monthly
washington post
washington times
weekly standard



need tickets?

buy sell tix
stub hub





previous posts

video:  weird and whacky moments in sports [j. mar...
video: top 10 signs your nfl team owner is nuts [j...
new york knicks:  fading dreams? [j. mark english
a few tidbits [j. mark english]
video: sesame street turns 40; vince carter & grov...
topps ticket to stardom case rip [j. mark english]
west pointers - espn video [j. mark english]
some college fooball thoughts [j. mark english]
andre agassi on cbs 60 minutes [j. mark english]
video: girls gone wild? [j. mark english]

archives

march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
















blogrankings.com





 

