




























shoe repair, dress shoes, casual shoes, heels, soles

















































 








skip to content










b. nelson shoes









menu

afterbeforebirkenstock repairscelebrity testimonialscontact us or orderdeluxe packagefoul weather packagehigh-grade shoe repairjoh. rendenbach (j.r.) leathermaintenancemaintenance 2maintenance 3media testimonialsmy accountpriority mailing labelrecrafting casual shoesrecrafting cowboy bootsrecrafting dress shoesstandard packageweb friendswhat makes us differentwomen’s repairs 


















important update 











 we are finally open!!we hope that you are all safe and healthy.we have resumed operations and are ready, willing and, able to fulfill your shoe repair needs.as a show of appreciation, all mail-in shoe repair orders will receive a free sanitary treatment before we return your footwear back to you. this is normally a $20.00 value done with our commercial uv lighting machines.thank you for your patience and understanding.best wishes,nick valenti and the b. nelson team 















high-grade shoe repair 



welcome to the world of high-grade shoe repair, where b. nelson shoes has combined old-world craftsmanship with new world technology. the result of our work allows you to care for and maintain your footwear the way the original master craftsman intended, without leaving your home or office.b. nelson shoes was established by bernhard nelson. mr. nelson was a european immigrant who came to the united states over 100 years ago. due in part to his legacy, we enjoy notoriety in both the press and among the public at large. our reputation as the best shoe repair in new york city is hard won, and one that we take very seriously. 







  















to learn more about j.r. leather click hereto learn more about dainite click hereclick here to order 











click here to read about our shoe repair methods and to discover what makes b. nelson shoes different. you can also read what people have said about b. nelson shoes. 















home
testimonials

celebrity testimonials


what makes us different
joh. rendenbach (j.r.) leather
recrafting dress shoes

before
after


recrafting casual shoes
recrafting cowboy boots
women’s repairs
birkenstock repairs
maintenance

maintenance 2
maintenance 3


accessories

foul weather package
standard package
deluxe package


web friends
contact us or order
priority mailing label
my account
 








phone: 1-212-750-0818
websites & hosting: apps communications 






copyright © 2025 b. nelson shoes. all rights reserved. theme spacious by themegrill. powered by: wordpress. 





























