




































    tnt inc. | home
  















               




       home



  about us



  owners



  residents



  find a home



  contact us











    
 





           
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button









    welcome to *tnt*, inc.!

   

view available listings




   we are a full service property management firm proudly representing property owners in the quad-city area. our staff is fully dedicated to serving our clients and community. how may we be of service to you?﻿are you looking for a rental in the prescott, prescott valley, dewey, chino valley, or paulden area? please browse our available rentals page to view our current rental listings. we have a wonderful inventory ranging from single family homes to apartments!are you looking for a professional property management company? we invite you to peruse our property management. we do not do real estate sales; we focus 100% of our attention on managing residential properties!are you considering moving to the prescott area? general area page to get some insight into our community! office hours:monday - friday: 9:00 am - 4:30 pmclosed for lunch between noon and 1:00 pmsaturday/sunday: closedwe thank you for visiting our website; we hope to hear from you soon! what our clients are saying
"one of the best decisions we ever made was having your company manage our duplex. you have a fabulous team of professionals who are on top of it all, communicating with us on it's ongoing status.
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿thank you so much! you're the best!"
~ hazel & howard b., owner
"thanks dominique. your move out policy regarding cleaning and damage deposits is great. ... we value your input on this. you guy's (ladies:) at tnt do a great job and we appreciate it!"
~ peter & shay k., owner "yippee ki-yay was the first word out of my mouth after reading your message. ... i am very pleased that i selected tnt to manage my properties."
~ george a., owner "i truly appreciate the time you've spenton my online account. it's nice to know tnt cares."
~ jon m., owner "just wanted to tell you how much we are enjoying the house. ... this has been such a good experience right from the beginning when we came into your office. thank you again."
~ courtney b., resident "thank you again. we will miss the house and tnt rental. you guys are very good at what you do."
~ cheri m., resident
  share our services
 tnt inc. specializes in the management of residential houses and complexes
    

 




 contact us
 tnt inc.402 white spar roadprescott, az 86303ph: (928) 445-8000fax: (928) 776-7045email:
homes@tntprescott.comcareer opportunities 







      sitemap © 2024 all rights reserved. tnt inc.
 

















































































































  
  share by:





   




