








about us - haviland collectors international foundation haviland collectors international foundation, founded in 1990, is a worldwide organization of people dedicated to the collecting and study of porcelain and pottery produced by the haviland families in france and america. hcif - for collectors of haviland china and decorative objects. %

















































skip to content





menu


members login

directory
quarterly/annual issues
archives online
auction guidelines
board of directors
board meeting minutes
committees
patrons and benefactors
hcif bylaws
hcief bylaws
hcief memorial funds
past conference presentations


about us

about us
contact us
hcif brochure
what is hcief?
haviland annual
hcif is on facebook


join
haviland history

haviland history
haviland backmarks
hcif archives


publications

édouard marcel sandoz haviland porcelain
basic haviland publications
catalogs cd rom
catalogs hard copy
exhibition catalogs
patents
pottery


haviland identification

haviland backmarks
pattern id – dinnerware
pottery and decorative objects id – no dishes


 











about us


hcif is dedicated to the study of porcelain and pottery produced by the haviland companies in france and america. haviland collectors international foundation was founded in 1990 and is a worldwide organization. there are members who are seeking pieces to complete the dinnerware set from grandma and those searching for exotic porcelain and pottery items. informative articles are printed in the haviland annual. hcif maintains a variety of publications helpful to the newcomer as well as the advanced collector. a national annual conference is held, as are regional gatherings and quarterly zoom meetings. exhibitions are promoted, scholarships are awarded, and research is encouraged through the existence of   haviland collectors international educational foundation
one important feature of our website is haviland china pattern identification. we also have experts who can identify haviland pottery and decorative objects. simply click the appropriate link in the previous sentence or pull down on haviland identification in the top menu, choose the appropriate link, and it will open a form to contact our specialists.


















conference 2025
conference 2025 information
frequently asked questions
board meetings schedule
zoom meetings
photo pointers
packing for shipment
shopping cart

view cart
checkout
my orders


 

 






	website design and hosting by surfs global © 2025 all rights reserved	























