



ancient coins: roman, greek, byzantine and celtic numismatic reference for attribution and values















wildwinds goes from strength to strength! we have experienced very strong continued growth in site traffic since the re-launch in spring 2009.
since may 2009, the number of site visits increased to an averageâ of over 25,000 hits per day in january 2024. 
in addition, the number of coins on wildwinds has risen from 54,900 (july 2009) to over 76,000 in december 2023.
thousands of corrections have been made to coin attributions and references since 2009, making wildwinds now one of the most reliable reference sources on the internet.
dane kurth (helvetica)
administrator

messages, news and updates

(please do not use the guestbook to ask for identification help)
click to enter

awards





the wildwinds website has been created as a reference and attribution resource in the field of ancient numismatics. 
none of the coins in the database are for sale on this site. advertising links from commercial sites will be clearly marked, and may take you to other, separate, websites where items may be purchased.
 no part of this website - including images, outlay, configuration, descriptions, indices, translations or pdfs  may be copied in any form without permission (see below for permissions information). hotlinking is bandwidth theft ! hotlinking to images on wildwinds is not permitted and will likely result in an error. 
 


the wildwinds site offers a unique opportunity to access this worldwide market of collectors, researchers and numismatists and, with such phenomenal growth, the benefits of advertising are obvious: email advertising enquiries










for advertising opportunities contact  dane.

for coin questions, corrections, identification help (please make sure your images are sharp, . contact:  dane.

gã¶rsellerimi kullanmadan ã¶nce lã¼tfen izin isteyiniz. lã¼tfen isime saygi gã¶sterin. tesekkã¼r ederim.
veuillez demander la permission avant d'utiliser mes images. veuillez respecter mon travail. merci.
the images, text and other content of wildwinds.com are protected by copyright of wildwinds co. ltd and are not applicable for the "creative common use" license. if you wish to use any part of the content of wildwinds.com please ask for permission.
despite numerous complaints to them, hotmail blocks emails from the wildwinds mail server, so i cannot reply to emails sent from hotmail addresses.
for requests to use an image please contact dane and  provide the full url of the image in question the url is the address (http://www.wildwinds.com........jpg) of the image (right click the image and copy location), and information about how the image will be used. (please do not send the image itself, nor the reference etc.) requests without the url cannot be considered for reasons of time. contact:  dane
in view of the number of fakes now being struck in bulgaria etc. and sold in the west, it is very difficult to tell from photographs whether a coin is genuine or fake. please do not send images of coins asking whether they are genuine, as i am unable to help. i suggest checking the fakes galleries on forgerynetwork and forumancientcoins or joining the fine community at forumancientcoins.com and asking there.

for corrections, questions and comments: contact:  dane.


wildwinds ltd. and
    the wildwinds logo are trademarks.








