



welcome to hosting with hawk host!















support & client area




                welcome to hawk host!
            




                this is a placeholder page that is shown because you haven't uploaded any files yet.
            
frequently asked questions
how can i transfer from another host?


                        all accounts include free migration assistance from your old provider. if you'd like to have our support team move your account, please contact us via support ticket (https://support.hawkhost.com) and use the 'account transfers' department. you will be provided with a form asking for your domain name / ip, username, password, and any special instructions.
                    

                        alternatively if you have a full backup (cpanel backup, for example) you can upload it to your account with us and our technicians can restore from there.
                    

where are server notices & maintenance posted?


                        we post all scheduled maintenance on our server status page at http://www.hawkhoststatus.com. all emergency maintenance is also posted on our status pages. we highly recommend you bookmark this page and consult it anytime your site appears down or seems to be having issues. 
                    

how do i create e-mail accounts?


login to your cpanel account, and type 'email accounts' in the top left finder. (view screenshot)
modify the fields at the top of the page, inputting the information you'd like including the email address, password, and quota. (view screenshot)
click 'create account'. the account is now ready to be used and accessed through either webmail, or an email client.


is ssh access enabled?


                        yes, ssh is enabled by default for all accounts. if you experience any issues please contact our support department.


what are my accounts nameservers?


                        you can find your name servers by following the instructions outlined here.


how do i use your one-click installer to install wordpress?


                        yes, you can use the softaculous option in your control panel. you can find more information here.


important links
hawk host homepage
support & client center
knowledge base
login to cpanel

                need to register a domain for your hosting account? get your own domain now!
still have questions? contact us by clicking here!



web hosting by hawk host



