     ford dealer in woodhaven, mi | used cars woodhaven | gorno ford                             



                                         gorno ford        sales 734-676-2200    service 734-676-2200  parts 734-676-2200      22025 allen roadwoodhaven, mi 48183                                 service        map        contact                       gorno ford             call 734-676-2200   directions                       new   search inventory   performance vehicles   ford courtesy vehicles   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   ford accessories    2024 ford maverick   ford protect   kbb instant cash offer   mustang mach e   2024 bronco sport   2024 ford bronco   custom factory order     used   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   kbb instant cash offer   certified pre-owned overview     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials     service & parts   schedule service   quick lane®   mobile service   service department   tires   ford collision center   ford accessories   fordpass   ford accessories   ford pickup & delivery     finance   finance department   payment calculator   value your trade   kbb instant cash offer     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff     contact   dealer information   hours & directions     our reviews                   home   new   search inventory   performance vehicles   ford courtesy vehicles   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   ford accessories    2024 ford maverick   ford protect   kbb instant cash offer   mustang mach e   2024 bronco sport   2024 ford bronco   custom factory order     used   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   kbb instant cash offer   certified pre-owned overview     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials     service & parts   schedule service   quick lane®   mobile service   service department   tires   ford collision center   ford accessories   fordpass   ford accessories   ford pickup & delivery     finance   finance department   payment calculator   value your trade   kbb instant cash offer     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff     contact   dealer information   hours & directions     our reviews         





























    
















    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         










     search new inventory     search used inventory        






view specials








value your trade








service

















                                                                                                                                                   disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                    something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels                f-150  it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. view inventory             




certified pre-owned







vehicles under 25k



               hit the road  use our convenient online form to schedule your next test drive. receive a first-class experience from one of our exclusive test drive staff members. schedule test drive           meet our staff  we're confident in the quality of our service center, especially since our technicians are all certified with expertise in the ford brand. view staff                     join our team  are you an expert? whether it's sales or service, there might be a perfect fit for you on our team. fill out our quick form to be considered. apply now              gorno ford serving woodhaven, mi  from the day we opened our doors, gorno ford has had one priority: you. we've dedicated ourselves to offering the best ford has to offer by following the principles on which the our dealership was founded. more about us           

follow us on social media


                       




welcome to gorno ford
if you're looking for a new or pre-owned vehicle in the woodhaven, michigan, area, you'll be able to find the vehicle that meets all your needs at gorno ford. our history of quality service makes us one of the most trusted dealerships in the woodhaven area, and our team would love to help you find the car of your dreams. here is some information about our dealership that will make it easy to see why shopping with us is your best choice when you need reliable, affordable transportation.





decades of service
dominic gorno established our dealership in 1939, and we've been serving michigan car consumers for almost 80 years. we treat every customer that walks through our doors with honesty and integrity, and you can trust us to work toward your exact needs when you shop with us. for five years running, we have been a president's award winner, so you know you can trust our service.
we also value community involvement, and we are proud of our history of supporting several local charities. just a few of the organizations we've worked with include fantasy flight, toys for tots, and it's in your jeans.

additional dealership services
other than choosing your car, financing is the most important part of the car buying process. our finance team can talk with you about your different loan options and help you apply for the financing you need to purchase your next ford vehicle.
we can also help you with your car's maintenance and parts needs. the service technicians at our dealership would be glad to help you keep your vehicle running the way you need. you can even schedule a service appointment on our website so that you can get your vehicle fixed as soon as possible. after an accident, you can restore the appearance of your car with help from our collision center. no matter what service you need, our certified technicians are ready to help.


our best models
if you're looking for the most reliable automobile possible, there's no better choice than a ford. in our inventory, you'll find a huge selection of the best models from this world-famous manufacturer. take a stroll through our lot, and you'll see exciting ford vehicles such as the f-150, escape, explorer, and edge. while you're browsing our inventory, one of our sales team members can answer any questions you may have so you'll be able to select your ideal vehicle.
at our dealership, you'll also find an impressive used vehicle inventory. we offer a plethora of used makes and models that consumers looking for a budget-friendly car will appreciate. you can also choose a ford certified model if you're looking for a like-new vehicle at a great price.

find your ford
if you want to drive around woodhaven, michigan, in an exciting ford vehicle, you should plan a trip to gorno ford. we provide a can't-miss selection of new and pre-owned vehicles, and our friendly team is ready to help you choose a model that will fit into your lifestyle perfectly.



    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures gorno ford | 22025 allen road, woodhaven, mi 48183 | sales: 734-676-2200 |                





























                  