












sansweet, dearden and burke: health care law







































 
 










(610) 687-8314


home
attorneys

michael r. burke
jeffrey b. sansweet
david r. dearden


practice areas

aco contracts
agreements with hospitals
anti-kickback and stark compliance
billing, reimbursement and audits
employment contracts
employment litigation
healthcare business litigation
hipaa issues
hospital staff privilege defense
practice formation
practice sales and mergers
professional licensure defense
shareholder agreements and operating agreements


contact
 



 



select page


  
 
 



 












 


 







business lawyers for healthcare professionals
 
 
 


sansweet, dearden and burke, ltd. (sdb) is a health law firm located in the greater philadelphia region. we have been representing individual health care providers and professional entities in both transactional matters and litigation since 1981. sdb understands the diverse needs of health care professionals in today’s complex regulatory environment. our significant experience in health law allows us to offer cost-effective representation and to counsel clients on the most efficient ways to achieve their business goals.
 
 

			we represent all types of health care providers, including but not limited to: physicians, dentists, psychologists, podiatrists, registered nurses and nurse practitioners, chiropractors, physical therapists, and physician assistants.
we also represent large and small group practices, ambulatory surgery facilities, and diagnostic imaging centers. our professional entity clients include professional corporations, limited liability companies, and partnerships.
		 
 
 
 



our experienced legal team
 
 
 



 jeffrey b. sansweet
 michael r. burke
 david r. dearden

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



our office 



directions


get map



  about our firm sansweet, dearden and burke, ltd. (sdb) is a health law firm located in the greater philadelphia region. we have been representing individual health care providers and professional entities in both transactional matters and litigation since 1981.
  contact information 
992 old eagle school rd. #911
wayne, pa 19087
v: (610) 687-8314
f: (610) 687-8402

  helpful links 
practice areas
sdb news
contact
disclaimer
privacy policy

    
 


home
legal disclaimer
privacy policy
sitemap
contact us
 
 





facebook




twitter




google




rss



© 2015 sansweet, dearden and burke, ltd.
 

 
 
 










