






archbishop stepinac high school






























click here to visit our virtual open house
			
x













































+about»about us»history»mission & beliefs»board of trustees»foundation board»stepinac's strategic plan+academics»overview»2025 course curriculum guide»faculty & staff»counseling»honors academy»technology»walter j. mahoney library+admissions»winter newsletter»virtual open house»application process»admissions timeline»crusader for a day»campus tours»academic scholarships, class of 2029»request a brochure»tuition»tuition assistance»international program»athletic transfer eligibility»mandatory medical forms»summer at stepinac»meet the staff+alumni»meet the staff»alumni newsletters»alumni update information form»calendar»class representative program»deceased alumni»forty under 40»hall of fame»the stepinac network»transcript requests»photo albums»video & audio+athletics»athletics home»familyid athletic registration»2024-2025 sports schedules»athletic camps+theatre»the wiz»about»stage crew»major bowes auditorium»review - edinburgh fringe+community»campus ministry»clubs and activities»crusaders closet»food service»parent organizations»stepinac spirit wear»transportation»driver's education»uniform store+giving»welcome»make a donation»why give»ways to give»planned giving»stewards for stepinac»stewardship report - fy22»meet the staff»media+contact»contact us»directions»plus portals











skip to content
skip to menu





















define your future







 

application process








tuition assistance, class of 2029
admission timeline


crusader for a day




winter newsletter
summer at stepinac camps






















news & announcements






stepinac high school entrepreneurship classes showcase business awareness in innovative competition




white plains, ny – archbishop stepinac high school’s entrepreneurship students recently concluded an exciting class project that highlighted the school’s commitment to project-based learning. under the guidance of their teacher, rackeal bellamy, two classes competed to create and run successful businesses, showcasing their ingenuity, collaboration, and business skills.






stepinac high school announces spring musical: the wiz




white plains, ny – archbishop stepinac high school is proud to announce that its highly anticipated spring musical will be the wiz! this modern and electrifying take on the wonderful wizard of oz infuses l. frank baum’s classic tale with a dazzling mix of rock, gospel, and soul music, creating a fun, family-friendly theatrical experience.






stepinac high school and white plains hospital partner to teach life-saving hands-only cpr skills




white plains, ny – archbishop stepinac high school is proud to partner with white plains hospital to provide essential hands-only cpr training sessions on monday, february 10, from 9:30 am to 11:30 am, as part of american heart month.






stepinac high school students partner with burke rehabilitation for educational initiative




white plains, ny – archbishop stepinac high school is proud to announce an exciting educational initiative with burke rehabilitation as part of the school’s innovative project based learning assessment program. this unique initiative combines real-world case studies, research, and hands-on learning to cultivate empathy, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills in stepinac’s anatomy and physiology students.






stepinac high school’s deca team excels in regional competition




white plains, ny – archbishop stepinac high school’s susan & daniel p. mahoney ’67 finance & economics honors academy students achieved remarkable success at the recent deca (distributive education clubs of america) region 3 competition held on january 8. deca, a global program dedicated to preparing emerging leaders and entrepreneurs in marketing, finance, hospitality, and management, provides high school and college students with the opportunity to develop critical skills and compete in various disciplines.






archbishop stepinac high school students honored with college board national recognition awards




white plains, ny – archbishop stepinac high school is proud to announce that nine of our outstanding students have been honored by the college board national recognition programs. these prestigious awards celebrate the academic achievements of high-performing students from underrepresented communities across the nation.






stepinac high school welcomes inaugural class of 18 students into global scholars diploma program




white plains, ny – archbishop stepinac high school is excited to announce the inaugural class of 18 students who have been admitted into its groundbreaking global scholars diploma program. this innovative initiative reflects stepinac’s commitment to providing its students with unparalleled opportunities to engage with global education and prepare for the interconnected world of tomorrow.




 
show all







featured video




stepinac's 24 hours of giving - thank you!!!
thank you once again!

stepinac’s 24 hours of giving has officially concluded! while final contributions are still rolling in, we wanted to share an updated total as of 2:00 pm. we are proud to say that we have exceeded our goal!

we cannot say thank you enough! thank you all for your participation over the last 24 hours!









please enable javascript when viewing video pages.









upcoming events







feb
15





								winter recess
								






feb
17





								president's day
								





								get ready for hs basketball clinic
								


time:

								9:00 am
								
								 - 11:00 am






feb
18





								varsity basketball - archdiocesan tournament semifinals @ mount st. michael academy vs. tbd and time tbd
								





								winter recess
								





show calendar
show all










student spotlight





samuel richardson '27







follow us
tweets by stepinachs 







as a standard-bearer in curriculum innovation, archbishop stepinac high school provides young men with a highly competitive academic program that leverages our blended learning platforms and project-based learning pedagogy to equip students with skills to become globally competitive. students are provided a diverse range of extra-curricular programs that foster diversity, as well as social, emotional and spiritual growth based on solid roman catholic, societal and moral values inspired by blessed aloysius stepinac. it is our goal that stepinac students will become responsible and ethical leaders in society. to this end, the faculty and staff provide them with tools needed for post-secondary success as well as instill in them the lifelong desire to lead through service. students are challenged to realize their full potential, in an ever-changing world, through a supportive and inspiring atmosphere which imbues a strong sense of camaraderie that is unique to the stepinac experience.























                        950 mamaroneck avenue,
                        white plains, ny 10605
                    




phone: (914) 946-4800
fax: (914) 684-2591
                        


facebook

twitter
instagram
youtube




links


admissions
giving
plusportals
contact us






privacy policy























