





the doghouse guernsey | live music, sports bar and restaurant.















































  home

  what's cooking


  takeaway

  bar and drinks

  music - who's playing

  promotions

  about us

  reviews

  gallery

  newsletter sign-up

  contact us








admin@doghouse.gg | 01481 721 302 | order takeawaybook a table









 
















welcome to the doghouse
the doghouse is guernsey's finest live music venue and sports bar where you can enjoy fabulous food, great wines, and friendly restaurant service all under one roof.






food lovers
fabulous food served in a relaxed atmosphere is at the very heart of the doghouse guernsey experience. our delicious restaurant menu caters for a wide variety of tastes - from a juicy burgers and succulent steaks to pizza, seafood, homemade curry and creative vegan dishes.
what's cooking?  book your table now








music fans
music fans of all generations are welcome to enjoy the best bands in the channel islands as well as some of the biggest tribute bands in the world from the uk circuit. our gig guide will keep you up to date with all the latest bands playing at the doghouse.
who's playing?








private parties
the doghouse is available for private parties and social events of up to 220 people. for more cosy occasions the private oak room seats up to 40 persons. pop in or call us for more details and let's start planning your corporate party, birthday, anniversary celebrations or just a good old night out with friends.party menus available on request.
please email admin@doghouse.gg





 








opening times
monday to friday:
bar 4pm - late | food served 5pm - 9:30pm
          
saturday:
bar 12pm - late | food served 12pm - 9:30pm
          
 sunday:
bar 12pm - late | food served 12pm - 9:30pm




contact us
the doghouse
          the rohais
          st. peter port
          guernsey
          gy1 1yw
telephone:  01481 721 302
e-mail:  admin@doghouse.gg






newsletter





















© 2025 the doghouse guernsey  |  all rights reserved  |  privacy policy  |  the farmhouse  |  cobo bay hotel  |  site by: bazil










