




si_mplistic — livejournal

























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































si_mplistic
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














si_mplistic







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









website
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            si_mplistic
        






january 2007 123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031






28 january 2007 @ 07:12 pm
social studies - entry 1  


foreign talents policy.it is no doubt that without foreign talents, singapore would not have survived.statistic have shown that about a 1/4 of singapore's population are foreigners."in the media, the foreign talent is constructed as a crucial economic player in determining the sustainability of singapore's economy in the age of a global competitive economy. "-http://goliath.ecnext.com/coms2/summary_0199-1249640_itmwith the foreign talent policy, the singapore government aims to bring singapore to a greater height, to a country of being more innovative, creative and also a country with a even better economy. with the coming in of foreign talents into singapore, singaporeans will perhaps strive harder so that their positions will not be taken away by the foreigners. the competitiveness between them will bring singapore economy onto greater heights.furthermore most of these foreign talents are well trained in their various aspects. this will ensure that they will be capable of guiding and working with singaporeans on the various aspects, providing a better and more efficient workforce. this then, will directly affec the economy in singapore.in other words, these foreign talents serve as a tool and alternative way for the success and survival of singapore's economy.however, even though this policy may encourage singaporeans to work harder, it has also caused many singaporeans to face the problem of "lack of jobs". despite working hard, those foreign talents may still, be afterall more "talented" that locals and thus these singaporeans face the risk of being sacked. being considered as 'lacking of talents' in singapore, certain individuals still possesses the ability to bring singapore's economy to a higher level. however, with foreign talents continuously coming into singapore and occupying the high-rank vacancies, these singaporeans have no choice but are left with jobs with much lesser pay (eg. hawkers/office workers etc).this results in a situation whereby these singaporeans are not working to their fullest ability.as a result, those jobs which were originally taken up by the much elderly are taken up by the singaporeans, leaving them with no jobs. it therefore leads to a "vicious cycle".on the other hand, these singaporeans receive a much lower income every month and falls into financial difficulties. with a restrain in finance, these singaporean thus requires the help of the government. with more and more cases of this, economy of singapore will suffer and eventually leading to an economy crisis.in my view, the government should not only depend on foreign talents to bring up singapore's economy, but depend on singaporeans as well. afterall, foreign talents are still, foreigners. they may leave singapore one day, leaving singapore's economy to survive on her own. when that happens, due to the majority of singaporeans in the "low income jobs", it is very difficult to maintain the economy in singapore. therefore, singapore government should instead of depending on foreign talents, start nurturing singaporean talents as well, so that in the future, singapore will no longer face the problem of "lack of talents".   
current music: 걸음을 멈추고 - 슈퍼주니어- k.r.y.
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


15 april 2006 @ 01:43 am
updated = 18 april 2006  


you love my icons .. don't you? =d
( read more...collapse )
lucify, the love <3go vote lucify for fei chang superband! =d the visual-kei love.   
current music: twins {knock out} - 슈퍼주니어
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


viewing most recent entries


 
 





























