




vanguard news network  
 























vanguard news network
no jews. just right.





26 april, 2022linder at kirksvilletoday.com
posted by alex linder in socrates at 7:11 pm |  permanent link


comments reenabled.
things will stand as they are now with this exception: 
we are parting ways with socrates. you can find him on the forum.
linder is at kirksvilletoday.com, posting daily. you can leave comments there.
this site will stay up, may be added to now and then. 
alex linder 

 comment (1) » 


26 april, 2022yes, it is about donald trump
posted by socrates in right-wing movements, right-wing populism, trump and populism, trump derangement syndrome, trump-as-a-fascist, trumpism, trumpphobia, twitter at 2:34 pm |  permanent link


consider: google search results today (“hits”) using the exact phrase: “twitter trump” = 520 million hits (in all categories), and 190 million hits (in news only).
i was suspicious when the first thing out of 7 top jews’ mouths (er, keyboards) after elon musk bought twitter was “is trump going to be allowed back on twitter?” thar she blows! moby! the big obsession! the whole enchilada! 
one fellow said, about a year ago, “everything bad that’s going on today is about trump.” yes. the censorship of social media, the covid lockdowns, the covid “vaccine” mandates, jan. 6 — it was all about weakening support for trumpism (i.e., right-wing populism), which scares the crap out of the jews. it’s true. in fact, jews lie awake in bed at night saying over and over, “we can’t allow trump to be president again!” “we can’t allow trump to be president again!” one jew even said that, more or less, on tv. the jews are obsessed with trump. not just trump, but him and his 100 million gun-owning, white followers who are “secret anti-semites” (many are, because they’re smart and well-read). just listen to the hysterical language of the jews about twitter right now: references to hitler, fascism, nazi germany, etc., etc. 
it’s all about trump and trumpism. indeed, the next election, and the next one, will be about trump and his followers. 

 comments off on yes, it is about donald trump 


26 april, 2022shocks to the system
posted by socrates in biden, biden administration, big biden nightmare, covid as a control device, covid as a psyop, covid derangement syndrome, covid vaccine injuries, covid-19, covid-19 as a scam, covidians, ukraine, ukraine war propaganda at 12:27 pm |  permanent link


“the first shock will be the painful recognition that ukraine is not prevailing against russia’s operation z, despite the combined efforts of the us news media and the intel community to put over that narrative. true, it took russia more than a few days to overcome ukraine’s nato-fortified defenses, but now most of that has been neutralized, and we’re into the final weeks heading towards resolution — which will be a ukraine that is unable to make any more trouble in that corner of the world.”
[article].

 comments off on shocks to the system 


26 april, 2022which way, white man? free speech or not?
posted by socrates in censorship, free speech, free-speech martyrs, freedom, freedom of thought, holocaust, holocaust racket, holocaustianity, jewed culture, jewed internet, jewed law, jewed media, jewed politics, social media, social media/big tech, twitter at 12:07 pm |  permanent link


we white men should thank god that elon musk bought twitter. we’ll get a lot of our free speech back.  
but twitter is only one social media platform. what about the rest of social media, which is largely in jewish hands (just like the mainstream media)? 
regardless, free speech is arguably the most important and valuable thing in the western world. without free speech, you can’t accomplish anything. you can’t learn. you can’t grow. you can’t communicate.
isn’t it ironic how the judeo-left was really big on free speech circa 1964, on the college campuses, but now the j-left leads the movement to silence free speech? a great example is “holocaust denial.” there’s an old woman (named ursula haverbeck) sitting in prison right now in germany because she expressed doubts about the “official narrative” of the “holocaust” [1]. and she should express doubts. the holocaust narrative was “set” by jews (and not by any government), who are the biggest liars in world history [2]. old saying: “how can you tell if a jew is lying? his lips are moving!”  [3]. 
[article].
.
[1] haverbeck is serving 1 year in prison for “denying that jews were systematically murdered during the holocaust.” first of all, why would that be a crime? opinions are like elbows: everybody has them. actually, jews weren’t “systematically murdered” but were accidentally murdered when the “allies” bombed all the german supply lines (roads, bridges, railway lines), thereby guaranteeing that even the german camp guards would starve. nice going, “allies” (aka “all lies”). piles of bodies? you created them. 
[2] the magical “6 million dead jews” number was arrived at via “extrapolation” in 1945 by a jewish judge and diplomat named dr. jacob robinson (1889-1977). interestingly, the number “6 million” has a special significance for the jews, since they have used it many times throughout history (236 times, to be exact). for example: “there are 6,000,000 living, bleeding, suffering arguments in favor of zionism.” — rabbi stephen s. wise, in the new york times, june 11, 1900 (this was 40 years before “the holocaust”).
[3] bonus holocaust joke: “where do you send jewish kids with attention deficit disorder? to a concentration camp!” (rimshot).


 comments off on which way, white man? free speech or not? 


25 april, 2022okay, peterson, enough
posted by socrates in jordan peterson, karl marx, marxism, political correctness, western civilization, western culture, western decline, western philosophy, white philosophy, white thought at 7:13 pm |  permanent link


video: “the war on western culture” with douglas murray & jordan peterson.
yes. “racism” was not the guiding force of western culture. it was only a small part of it. 
and:
what?? “marxism is also a branch of western thought”?? nope! karl marx was a jew, and jews, being non-white people by dna, are not western! come on! wake up. smell the coffee. have some toast and bacon.    
[video, 2 hours].

 comments off on okay, peterson, enough 


25 april, 2022there is no such thing as leftist or liberal ideology
posted by socrates in left-wing violence, left-wing vs. right-wing rule, leftism, leftist/liberal cruelty, leftist/liberal hate, leftists, leftists-as-liars, liberal mindset, liberal vs. conservative thought, liberalism, liberals, liberals as bullies, liberals fooling the citizens, liberals-as-children, liberals-as-destroyers at 5:35 pm |  permanent link


why not? because “tear white society down!” isn’t an ideology. it’s destruction. nothing more. that’s not politics. that’s not philosophy. that’s not an ideology. that’s vandalism and violence, and that was true in russia in 1917 and it was true in america in 1968 and it’s still true in 2022 america. these greasy, oily, leftist people are thugs. criminals. vandals. destroyers.     

 comments off on there is no such thing as leftist or liberal ideology 


25 april, 2022everything is political now. why?
posted by socrates in leftism, leftism as a jewish construct, leftist/liberal hate, leftists, liberal mindset, liberalism, liberals at 4:01 pm |  permanent link


today, everything is political: education, money, food, sports, pets, healthcare, the weather, clothes, trees — you name it, it’s political. why? because the political left controlled america for decades, that’s why. leftists make everything political. why? because they’re angry, emotional, unhappy, creepy people with an axe to grind. “i didn’t ask to be born!” says the leftist. really?? too bad she wasn’t aborted. she went on to become a senator. lucky us. 

 comments off on everything is political now. why? 


25 april, 2022why are red states red?
posted by socrates in leftism, leftism and renaming, leftists, liberalism, liberals, liberals fooling the citizens, politics, red states, right-wing movements, right-wing people, rightists at 2:35 pm |  permanent link


“who was the genius who colored democrats blue and republicans red on election maps? i can understand the democrats wanting to hide their true colors, but why did the republicans accept it?
words have meanings. to an old cold warrior, the word “red” means “communist” and that’s what my mind locks onto when i hear it, and probably every other old soldier’s, too.  it is time to restore color correctness!”
[article].

 comments off on why are red states red? 


25 april, 2022leftism and the power of the victim
posted by socrates in claude levi-strauss, leftism, leftist/liberal hate, leftists, leftists-as-liars, liberal mindset, liberal power in america, liberalism, liberals, liberals as bullies, norman f. cantor, power of the victim at 2:26 pm |  permanent link


all left-wing political movements since circa 1960 use “the power of the victim” as a weapon and tactic. each leftist movement equals “poor, innocent victims fighting against the evil, white, male power structure” (i.e., feminism, black civil rights, homosexual rights, etc.). “the power of the victim” is very powerful, since women and minorities identify strongly with outsider status, and they now comprise a large percentage of the american vote in each election.
this “perpetual victim” tactic accomplishes at least two things at once: it demonizes white men and it also creates endless tension and fighting in society, which is a distraction: that provides cover or camouflage for the jews and the leftists to move about largely unnoticed.
see also bill whittle’s video “victim worship.”

 comments off on leftism and the power of the victim 


25 april, 2022twitter board agrees to takeover by elon musk
posted by socrates in social media, social media/big tech at 2:11 pm |  permanent link



great! smell that? freedom is coming back. [article]. 

 comments off on twitter board agrees to takeover by elon musk 




posts pagination
1
2
3
…
1,042
next page



 
send letters, packages, review copies and donations to:
a. linder pob 101 kirksville mo 63501


menu

contact alex linder
reader mail
forum
media index

listen
broadcasts
video

newspapers
library


recent comments
translations
archives


links

alex linder
kirksville today
leofrank.org
vnn on twitter
vnn v1.0



pagesa list of bolsheviks
light for nations: a short history of the jews in the modern world
myths and facts about the middle east wars
the heroic general george v. h. moseley
the roots of civilization, by dr. william pierce
vnn black statistics
who rules america?
wolzek’s terror timeline

search




 



categories

top categories jewed culture (2,024)

western culture (838)

cultural marxism (776)

jewed politics (768)

western civilization (709)

william pierce (667)

america (647)

marxism (642)

white philosophy (632)

alex linder (611)

israel (584)

white thought (577)

jewed foreign policy (571)

leftists (552)

leftism (544)

communism (544)

western decline (542)

zionism (537)

liberals (521)

liberalism (511)

white nationalism (489)

israel – the facts (487)

william pierce wednesday (483)

war on white people (475)

egalitarianism (427)


all categories



popular



week
sorry. no data so far.
month
sorry. no data so far.


meta

log in






(c) 2014
send letters, packages, review copies and donations to:
a. linder, pob 101, kirksville mo 63501
the views of the writers and readers of vanguardnewsnetwork.com are the sole responsibility of the author or authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the owner, editor, webmaster, transmitter, or any of the other writers or respondents whose work appears at vanguard news network. vnn does not advocate any unlawful or criminal acts, nor should any statement made by anyone at vnn be taken as incitement, threat, or conspiracy to commit any unlawful or criminal acts. the views expressed at vnn do constitute free speech as protected by the first amendment of the constitution of the united states.








