





wendell reich hunter’s quest – hunting adventures around the world
























 


 skip to content



toggle navigationafricadangerous gameplainsgamebotswanamozambiquesouth africatanzaniazambiazimbabweargentinaeuroperomaniabulgariatexasnilgaiaoudad
 





aboutadmin2023-03-12t02:16:06+00:00 
wendell reich – founder – hunter’s quest international 
i am a full-time hunting consultant. i made my first safari to zimbabwe in 1994, ever since then, i have been consumed with international hunting.
i started booking hunts in 1998. since that time i have had the good fortune to have hunted numerous times in zimbabwe, mozambique, tanzania, botswana, zambia, namibia, south africa, canada, new zealand, argentina, alaska, bulgaria, romania czech republic and extensively in the lower 48 of the usa. in addition to this, i own a ranch in texas where i conduct hunts year-round.
every year i travel to new destinations and hunt new areas. this experience is very valuable to me as a hunting consultant, or booking agent. it gives me additional options to offer my clients, more than if they were to contact one hunting operator alone.
expectations
you will not get ridiculous promises from me on trophies of unreasonable proportions. you will know what the odds are of taking your desired game. you will be well prepared and know what to expect when you book a hunt through me. proper expectations are the key to a successful hunt! setting those expectations is a big part of my job.

commonly asked (or wondered) questions about using a full time booking agent to help you select the proper hunt


what is the benefit of using a booking agent?experience and perspective. the time and energy devoted to choosing the right outfitter or professional hunter is a full time job. i travel extensively to hunt new areas and visit new outfitters and professional hunters. the use of a full time hunting consultant or booking agent can cut your research down to making one phone call. i visit and hunt the areas i represent. i do not have a quota or certain number of hunts that i must book with any outfitter. i am free to sell all of their hunts, or none of their hunts. my decision to recommend a hunt to you is based solely on what i think would would be a best fit for you.is it possible to speak directly with the guide or operator i will hunt with?
absolutely. anything i can do to help you choose a hunt that is right for you. operators and references offer perspective to help you gain the information needed to make a decision and to have the proper expectations for your hunt.
i know what i want to hunt, but don't know where to go.
this is the exact reason an experienced booking agent is important. i will discuss with you the options i have. if i have something that fits your desires and budget, great! if not, you are better prepared to continue searching for the adventure that best suits your desires.
do you charge anything for your services?
no. i am paid a commission by the outfitters and guides i work with. i will never charge any additional fees and you will never pay more by using me to book your hunt.




 
 
your adventure starts here
214-692-8769wendell@huntersquest.comtoggle navigationafricadangerous gameplainsgamebotswanamozambiquesouth africatanzaniazambiazimbabweargentinaeuroperomaniabulgariatexasnilgaiaoudad@ copyright 1999 - 2023 - wendell reich hunter's quest international llc


 
 
page load link






go to top




