


erik jacobsen -- pier cam, math, physics, and whole wheat


















all the html and pdf content here is licensed under a creative commons
attribution-share alike 3.0 unported license.






please feel free to improve, share, and make copies of this content, as
long as you use the same, similar, or compatible license. in any case,
please leave in an attribution to me (erik jacobsen) and
to erikthered.com.
the tex source code is available by request under the same license.


this page was last barely updated on: 2024-11-25.





pier cam, math, physics, and whole wheat





i'm a math and physics tutor in the summit, nj area. i've put a lot of
useful information (strategies, formula guides, quizzes, and more) for sat
and act study on my tutor page. all of it is freely
available for personal as well as commercial use under a creative commons
attribution-share alike license.

what are the colors of the empire state building
tonight? where can you go to get a suntan on a grassy field that seems to
be floating in the hudson river as cruise ships pass by? in hoboken, nj,
you can see the new york city skyline and get that suntan. check
out the view from the hoboken pier cam.

a few years ago, i made an extremely tiny contribution
to science. but the journey was an experience of a lifetime and gave me
opportunities i never could have imagined. my ph.d. thesis is available for
anyone interested enough to look here.

when is the next full moon? from the earth, we only see
  one side of the moon...what does the other side look like? check out
  the moon page for the answers and other
  interesting information about our nearest celestial neighbor.

long ago, a web page displaying a tomato with a shadow
  that you could click on was quite an achievement. if you enjoy making
  bread at home, however, the recipes i made
  (found here) still work pretty well. you may
  also be interested in some helpful information
  about flour weights.

at some point, i thought i might scan every ski map i
  have (and i have quite a few) and put them up here. i made it to two
  maps. but, at least they are interesting ones. you can seen them
  in my tiny collection of old ski maps.

it is nice to have an at-a-glance view of current
  weather conditions on a web page with no advertisements. take a look at
  my (northeast u.s. oriented) quick weather
  page. at least serveral links likely are broken, because providing
  internet weather usually requires ad revenue, but hopefully something
  interesting will still be there.

i used to work in one of the buildings next to the
  world trade center in 2001. some pictures of "ground zero" taken
  from the world financial center nine days after 9/11/2001
  are here.

play mathle, a mathy version of
  the
  game wordle!
  i replaced some of the wordle words with words commonly found in math
  textbooks in order to give my students something to do which is fun and
  math-related. purely for educational purposes. note: there are only so
  many five-letter math-related words, so the word list repeats every four
  months or so.



design notes: all the html code for this page was hand-generated, so if
this page looks less than polished, well, that's why. but, that's the way
things were done in 1996 (for a tiny look back at how web pages typically
looked then, see the original version of this web
page here).

 
 
 


