




xml group resources















xml group resources page






xml homepage
software download
extensible data format (xdf)
public xml archives
xml data ingest

fits markup language (fitsml)





we provide here a summary of xml resources and tools
that are were under development or in use by the xml
group at nasa/goddard space flight center, code 630.1 
when it closed down in 2003.






what is xml?

xml is the extensible markup language.
it is an emerging standard for digital information markup.
it allows information (data, metadata, documentation, resources of
any kind) to be expressed in a structured, flexible, 
and easily parsible manner.  xml allows for contents-based tagging
of any information resource, and consequently it allows for powerful,
focused, and efficient contents-based search and retrieval
of information.  for more information and an excellent starting
point for learning about xml, refer to the on-line articles:

"a technical introduction to xml", and

"the evolution of web documents: the ascent of xml".







our xml activities, tools, and resources:

 documentation for published data: adc's
datasetml

 the flow chart for data at the xml repository.
 the 
 dtd (document type definition).
 a tree diagram  of the adc dataset dtd.
the schema of dataset.

 an example of a dataset: 
catalog of 5,268 standard stars based on the normal system n30 (morgan, 1952) 
.
 
the repository  of xml documents describing the data at the
astronomical data center (adc) (dtd 0.53; metadata and data).

 a paper on xml at astronomical data center (adc)  presented at the american astronomical society meeting #194,a next generation data repository
slides from a talk given 11/9/00 at the nasa science data processing
workshop 2000,  metadata expression using xml


 xml for general scientific data: the extensible data format home page (xdf) .
 xml for astronomical images and spectra:
	an upgrade of fits to an  xml markup language (fitsml). .

 xml for scientific manuscripts and
	articles: a science journal article markup language (sjaml).
 an experimental mark up language for scientists
to use when authoring manuscripts to be sent to journal or book publishing houses or for preprints. it incorporates mathml and xdf.  a rudimentary converter to latex is provided
for backwards compatibility.








the members of the xml group, code 630.1 or nasa are not responsible for the content of any linked material outside of the nasa.gov domain






webmasters:  dr. ed shaya and 
dr. brian thomas

last revised: 10/08/2003 23:12:22









