


underwater camera housings,underwater cameras,underwater photography equipment,battery chargers,nexus america,ikelite,ultralight,

























the
connection
to
professional
quality











nexus delivers the ultimate in compact, light weight underwater camera housings.


nexus america offers the nexus f4 pro and the n90d master housings,
ikelite and sea and sea strobes, and ultra light control systems photo arms and accessories.














nexus f4 pro


the nexus f4 pro housing is made to fit the nikon f4 camera.
the nikon f4 camera is a proven performer, rugged and well
designed.the optional da-20 action finder adds the largest
viewfinder image available in a 35mm slr camera, a critical
feature in underwater photography. the new nexus f4 pro
housing is unbelievably small and lightweight both above and
below the water.

f4 pro housing body  price - $2637.00









(detailed photo)

















(detailed photo)











nexus master


      the nexus n90 master housing is made for the
      nikon n90s camera. the nikon n90s (f90x) camera
      has become the most popular underwater housed
      camera available today. it is a professional level
      camera for an advanced amateur price. the nexus n90
      master nm-9d features a wide selection of controls
      for the n90s in a very light, compact, and beautifully
      engineered housing. the master housing will also fit
      the 8008s (801x), the 6006 (601), and the n50 (f50)
      with conversion kits available by special order.

      
n90d master housing body  price - $1760.00











nexus accessories


nexus offers an extensive line of ports, port extensions, gears, and other
accessories which allow the use of ultra-wide angle lenses, zoom lenses,
micro-photography lenses, and  teleconverters.



















visit the products  page for a description of
the nexus camera housings, other accessories, and the newest additions.

prices and part numbers are listed on the catalog
 page.


nexus
 america
 is ready to connect
with you and open up a whole new world of underwater photography.



 indonesia diving trips, underwater photography trips, irian jaya, raja ampat diving
scuba diving bali, bali diving, hotels
dive st. vincent, st. vincent and the grenadines, underwater photo tours
seahorse tales - scuba diving magazine
underwater photography stock photos
nexus america - underwater camera equipment
concrete repair epoxy, concrete repair, concrete sealer
st. vincent and the grenadines scuba diving information
dog photography, pet photography, fine art dog photographer, pet photographer, texas
truk stop hotel, truk lagoon diving, wreck diving, micronesia diving


contact info@nexusamerica.comnew products uw photo equipment specials home photo gallery parts & prices contact us


© 1998-2003, deborah fugitt, city seahorse, inc.   all rights reserved. no one, for any reason, is permitted to copy the photos, graphics or text on these pages without written permission from city seahorse, inc. and nexus america.  in the event that an infringement is discovered you will be notified and invoiced the industry standard triple fee for unauthorized usage  and/or prosecuted for copyright infringement in u.s. federal court where you will be subject to pay our court costs and attorneys' fees as well as a fine of us$150,000 statutory damages. write for permission or information.










