



wild & free like the wind itself — livejournal























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































chibi_ai
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














chibi_ai







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






wild & free like the wind itselfmy heart has wingsprevious 10 entriesrecent entriesarchivefriends' entriesprofilememories
 

 



profile


user: chibi_ai
name: jubei
 
 

landslide
oh, mirror in the sky, what is love?can the child within my heart rise above?can i sail through the changing ocean tides?can i handle the seasons of my life?well, i've been afraid of changing'cause i've built my life around youbut time makes you boldereven children get older and i'm getting older too
 

latest month


june 2013
123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930


 

search


search:


category:

site & user
faq
site
region
interest
username
email
gizmo/lj talk
aim
icq number
yahoo! id
msn
jabber




 
 

page summary
· [game of thrones fanfiction] no tricks, all treat pt.2
· [game of thrones fanfiction] no tricks, all treat pt.1
· i was curious as to what nation/tribe i would be a part of...
· (no subject)
· to my fellow writers out there! [+3]
· hunger games ficathon plug!
· writing in general
· a shameless plug for my new rpg community [+4]
· theories about the mother
· [baccano fanfic] be here to love me [+3]
 
 

entry tags
anime, arashi, baccano!, books, disney, family, fan-neechan, fanfic, fanfics, friends, hana yori dango, hunger games, inoue mao, jdramas, life, manga, mans, maou, matsumoto jun, meme, miyuki, movie, movies, music, naruhina, naruto, nejiten, nodame, poem, poetry, presidential election, quizzes, reviews, round robin, rpg, saiino, sasusaku, school, shikatem, stampings, stories, survey, tv shows, twilight, writer's block, writing
 
 


4th-jun-2013 06:45 pm - [game of thrones fanfiction] no tricks, all treat pt.2chibi_aipart 2: “creamy cherries”genre: romance/humorfandom: game of thrones/ asoiafpairing: robb x mrycella, mentions of jon x ygritte, gendry x aryarating: msynopsis: sansa asks arya to accompany her to margaery's halloween party. cue the music, the skimpy costumes, the over protective brothers, the crazy ex-s, and the alcohol.part 1( robb x myrcella centriccollapse )

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


1st-jun-2013 05:52 pm - [game of thrones fanfiction] no tricks, all treat pt.1chibi_ai( you are about to view content that may only be appropriate for adults. )

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



1st-may-2012 04:23 pm - i was curious as to what nation/tribe i would be a part of...chibi_ai water tribe symbol by: juubi156which avatar: the last airbender nation do you best fit into?your result: the water tribecongratulations! you are a member of the water tribe! the people of the water tribe pride themselves on being loving, kindhearted, and authentic. they want their lives to be self-actualized and have meaning. they strive to be genuine and to be in harmony with the inner experiences of self. they try to avoid a life of bad faith and to live a life of significance, making a difference in the world. they want to help others become kinder, warmer, and more loving human beings. they seek to reform the world and to romanticize their experiences and lives, and also the experiences and lives of others.at their best they are altruistic, benevolent, conscientious, empathic, enthusiastic, ethical, even-tempered, genuine, idealistic, inspired, intuitive, loyal, persistent, reliable, respectful, self-sacrificing, sensitive, sincere, sympathetic, thoughtful, understanding, visionaries, and well-organized. at their worst they can be credulous, critical, depressed, detached, difficult, exacting, guilt prone, hard to please, indecisive, inflexible, judgmental, moody, moralistic, negative, perfectionists, picky, resentful, self-righteous, stuffy, suspicious, touchy, unforgiving, and unrealistic.the earth kingdomthe air nomadsthe fire nationwhich avatar: the last airbender nation do you best fit into?quiz created on gotoquiztags:quizzesmood:tiredmusic:legend of korra ending theme

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


16th-apr-2012 08:27 pm(no subject)chibi_aititle: lunar eclipserating: pg-16? (for language, violence, and some sensual situations in part ii & iii)genre: romance/dramasummary: au, post-mj. in light of searching for an assistant, katniss finds a way of always knowing exactly what gale needs but never what he wants.author's note: this story was composed to the sounds of rachmaninov, piano concerto no. 2 on repeat. this is a three part short story. i might (and that's a big might!) expand the story later but i need it to be short for now because i want to write the ending more than anything else right now. sorry for all the typos!!! enjoy. let me know what you think. see you in part ii.( story this way...collapse )

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



11th-apr-2012 09:11 am - to my fellow writers out there!chibi_aihere is your manifesto!

3 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



9th-apr-2012 03:45 pm - hunger games ficathon plug!chibi_ai ( you're not afraid of fire, are you? )tags:fanfic, fanfics, hunger gamesmood:thirsty

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



10th-mar-2012 06:23 pm - writing in generalchibi_aiso my creative writing class this semester has been re-invigorating my authorial limbs. i didn't realize how much i already knew about the creative writing process going into the course. so when a classmate of mine asked me about my personal process of going about writing a story or a poem i found myself going on and on and on about every aspect of it (upon reflection, she must have regretted asking). despite not being a wonderfully talented writer myself, i find the process of going about  and teaching the subject is both fun and exhilarating. to think that the person you are talking to could be the next plath or collins or carver or o'brien is just too exciting to contain. ^_^ anywho, i was looking around for tips on characterization for my next original fiction and found this really neat little article. as for works... hmm, i guess i can post my newest poems up... just for the heck of it. these are my first personal pieces that i'm actually really proud of and hope that you will enjoy them too. ( poems: this way...collapse )tags:poem, poetry, stories, writingmood:creativemusic:billy eckstine - my destiny 

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


22nd-feb-2012 03:43 pm - a shameless plug for my new rpg communitychibi_aiever feel like your favorite disney princesses are stuck to a formulaic story? ever want to take the reigns on those heroines and make them choose their own destiny? ever feel like these princesses are too tame and are never put in enough situations that will challenge them? ever feel like these heroines could never make it in "the real world" and that they don't have the tools or knowledge to stand a chance? then come to see what the academy has in store for you...( right this way...collapse )tags:disney, rpg, writingmood:accomplishedmusic:naturi naughton and collins pennie - remember my name: 

4 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



5th-dec-2011 09:47 am - theories about the motherchibi_aijust because i am curious if anyone else has this theory and or if it even makes sense. (or has this crazy train derailed and gone into oblivion-ville?)( cut for spoilery sakescollapse )yeah, so i was wondering if anyone else might see something here as well. comment to help me rationalize or debunk this theory! i would love to hear your other theories as well!

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


15th-sep-2011 09:55 pm - [baccano fanfic] be here to love mechibi_aititle: (tentative title) "night lights and moonshine" or "nice sets up a ladies night and ends up learning a lot of history" written: yours truly... chibi_airating: pg-16 (for now...)summary: girls night out. drinking. reminiscing. an all around good romp without men... ish. chapter 1: kalia gandor's chapter spoilers: some spoilers if you haven't read the manga, light novel, and or watched the anime. basically if you have never even heard of this series... stop reading this and go watch the freakin' anime! now! dubbed if possible because the japanese version is awesome but this anime was made for american voice over! period!dedication: for my lovely friend and fellow gandor family fan, escape_emotion!! enjoy dear! <3 i hope it turned out as you hoped it would.prologue( chapter 1collapse )tags:baccano!, fanficmood:accomplishedmusic:norah jones - sunrise

3 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 
previous 10 entriestop of page this page was loaded feb 15th 2025, 1:53 pm gmt.  































