



 











frisco real estate agent | frisco tx commercial real estate | sunshine realtors












































































email:info@sunshinerealtors.com
call:469-951-0413
login/register
 












home
about us
buyers
sellers
property management
properties
active listing
blogs
contact
 














welcome to sunshine realtors
trusted realtors providing profitable real estate investments
get started







































price






-





no min


no max











beds
1+ beds
2+ beds
3+ beds
4+ beds
5+ beds
6+ beds
7+ beds
8+ beds
9+ beds
10+ beds









baths
1+ baths
2+ baths
3+ baths
4+ baths
5+ baths







property subtype


close






                                apartment                            





                                business                            





                                condominium                            





                                duplex                            





                                farm                            





                                hotel motel                            





                                industrial                            





                                manufactured home                            





                                mixed use                            





                                mobile home                            





                                multi family                            





                                office                            





                                quadruplex                            





                                ranch                            





                                retail                            





                                single family residence                            





                                townhouse                            





                                triplex                            





                                unimproved land                            





                                warehouse                            

show all






0 selected
filters





view






save search









{"mls_id":"tx514"}

 












follow us on social
















sunshine realtors – leading investors to realtors
the dallas fort worth metroplex is one of the fastest-growing metropolitans in the u.s.a as of now! we have multiple services to offer with our committed and dedicated team:


we offer turnkey-producing investment properties in the north dallas area
we scout the properties
our expert realtors will offer you a complete analysis of the projected cash flows
our skillful team will help you negotiate and acquire the property
our team will find a qualified tenant in the govt. housing program
our realtors will get the property inspected and approved by the housing program
arrange a meeting with the tenant and initiate cash flows to you directly


contact us







cashback packages



self-sustained package
a 2.5% cashback shall be provided when you are buying a new builder home. you find your preferred house, and we provide name only service for the maximum cash back benefit !




trust & cooperate package
a 1% cashback shall be provided when a sunshine realtors' agent collaborates with you and is dedicated to finding the perfect house. having no limits on time or number of showings, this option provides all privileges to get you with all services provided by our talented realtors. this offer only applies to primary homes, and no investment properties would be entitled to this




assist & deliver package
a 2% cashback will be provided when you find your preferred house, and we will make sure you are duly assisted on a phone call and advised. you see the home; we take care of the paperwork!



restrictions – package a & b do not involve any showings or site visits – this is for seasoned buyers only









what’s happening in your area















dallas
explore area









frisco
explore area









little elm
explore area









anna
explore area









melissa 
explore area









aubrey 
explore area









prosper 
explore area









plano
explore area




explore all






renting & property management

















home 




at sunshine realtors’, our expert team seeks to provide the best advice along with value-added suggestions for your needs and investment opportunities. we strive to offer a satisfying experience to our customers, with buyers and sellers both having a seamless transaction. providing a quantity of single-family homes in dallas, we have gained a close bond with our clients that will be unbreakable for years to come.


wonder why sunshine realtors are the best in business?


with a stock load of experience and a hefty portfolio, sunshine realtors’ have managed to surpass all benchmarks in the market. our listings in the frisco tx, real estate market, and the commercial real estate in melissa, tx, have been an outperformer for the most extended quarters. providing excellent comfort to clients in single-family homes in dallas, our brokers have done an outstanding job sealing the best deals.


the frisco real estate agents being at the top


the frisco real estate agents have been a total delight when it comes to scrutinizing, researching, and negotiating the best deals in the most prime locations. to our surprise, agents have managed to keep both buyers and sellers satisfied. with their god-given ability to sell, the frisco, tx, real estate market has been in safe hands and is awaiting a high demand for commercial real estate in melissa, tx. a similar approach has been taken recently by real estate agents in prosper, tx, which has gained popularity amongst investors and homebuyers.


frisco, tx, real estate market


on the rise of a highly dynamic and competitive market, frisco nourishes families with its highly vibrant atmosphere and growing demand. the frisco, tx commercial real estate observes a rise as well, which is directly proportional to the growing interest in the increase of attractions and amenities introduced.


listings to look out for…plano tx real estate market insights


our insights provide a compelling analysis of each place. in plano, a friendly neighborhood town, you and your loved ones can acquire family-oriented housing scaled towards your needs. a spike in interest has been viewed since the rumors of new projects. top investors are closely considering the plano, tx real estate market insights as a cash cow opportunity!


commercial real estate in melissa, tx


being a perfect haven for a new startup or an existing business opportunity, melissa offers a strategic opportunity for business owners. our experts lean towards providing a seamless experience with our services. we ensure a profitable outcome. with the rise in demand for commercial real estate in melissa, tx, it is advised to contact us as soon as possible!


client review


sunshine realtors’ have been the most professional firms i have managed to cross paths with. i have been investing in real estate for the past 6 years, and they have stood out in terms of their discipline, dedication, and commitment. the real estate agents in prosper tx have been of utmost help even though i was traveling. i am looking forward to good years of business. ciao!
-malcom f.




i came to dallas back in 2021. times were rough, and i have no one to thank but sunshine realtors’ for their utmost compatibility and cooperation. their single-family homes in houston have been a delight. i would personally like to thank mr. sanjay verma for being such a humble human being.
-abhishek p.












get great deals
one of our experts will get in touch with you
looking for houses for sale in texas? one of the best things about sunshine realtors is that we can take your requirements and find the perfect match throughout texas, including houses for sale in houston, tx.
local agents















let’s check your home’s value
get instant home valuation by just entering the location below


name


first



last

email

phoneyour query
  




















our services







selling service
we provide full service listing service at 1% and we also have flat fee listing services read more









renting & property management
low 7% property management fee. flat fee mls listing service for renting also available read more









buying service
we provide flexible cash back packages according to the services you need please look at our packages on the homepage read more









free market analysis
please contact us for a free analysis for any property you may be interested in buying , selling or renting. our expert agents will help you read more











our agents
welcome to sunshine realtors ! no 1 cashback realtors & best investor’s realtors
in frisco real estate arena











precious wyattagent









nischint jainagent









shashi dhingraagent









amit sachdevagent









sanjay vermaagent









johnny sebastianagent












latest news










5 easy diy projects to refresh your home for spring
as the weather warms up and flowers start to bloom, it’s the perfect time to give your home a refresh. if you’re planning to sell your house and looking for real estate investments, these diy projects can make your home more attractive to potential buyers. in this blog post, sunshine realtors, the best real estate agency, will share five easy diy projects that can help you update your space for spring.


june 20, 2023









maximizing small spaces: tips for decorating a studio apartment
living in a studio apartment can be challenging when it comes to decorating and organizing your space. if you’re looking for a real estate agent for selling a house, particularly a small residential property, it’s important to showcase the potential of the space.


june 20, 2023









top home décor trends for 2023
as we look ahead to 2023, there are some exciting home décor trends on the horizon. if you’re looking to buy a property, it’s important to stay up-to-date with current trends


june 20, 2023









finding your dream home, a guide to real estate agents in prosper tx
prosper, tx, is a rapidly growing community known for its family-friendly atmosphere, excellent schools, and upscale amenities. nestled in the dallas-fort worth metroplex, it offers a perfect blend of small-town charm and big-city convenience. for those looking to buy or sell property in this vibrant town, real estate agents in prosper tx, play a crucial […]


july 23, 2024









how to sell your home in plano
selling a home is a significant decision, and when it comes to a competitive market like plano, texas, it’s essential to be well-prepared. whether you’re moving to a new city, downsizing, or simply ready for a change, understanding the steps to successfully sell your home in plano can make the process smoother and more profitable. […]


august 23, 2024









view blog












quick links:


home
about us
buyers
sellers
property management
properties
agents
blog
contact




quick links:

469-951-0413                        

info@sunshinerealtors.com
13355 tall grass trl frisco tx 75035



our newsletter
subscribe to our newsletter for latest updates


please enable javascript for this form to work. 








trec:



trec information about brokerage services 

trec consumer protection notice 

texas real estate commissions 





copyright© sunshine realtors llc 2025. all rights reserved.




privacy policy
terms & conditions



























happening form



first name(required) last name(required) email(required)

phone(required)city(required)friscoplanoprosperaubreylittle elmannamelissaprice(required)max price – $2.0 m - min price – $300kmax price – $2.0 m - min price – $300kmax price – $2.0 m - min price – $300kmax price – $1 m - min price – $200kmax price – $1 m - min price – $200kmax price – $1 m - min price – $200kmax price – $1 m - min price – $200kyear built(required)2000 and after1990 and after2000 and after2000 and after2000 and after2000 and after2000 and after
 















			close			


























