


the plantation at leesburg florida official web site - theplantation.com













































































































come live the life you've waited your whole life for...







									 beautiful 55+ award-winning plantation at leesburg community.  the plantation is complete with a lifestyle that is as active as you want to be.  just minutes north of greater orlando among the rolling hills of central florida, the leesburg area awaits you.
									
									here you'll discover beautiful championship golf courses, clubhouses with large heated pools, tennis, pickle ball, private fishing lakes and a state-of-the-art fitness centers.  active adult communities offer so many activities in fact, it requires several activities directors to manage them all.
									
									you've worked hard for what you have and now it's time to enjoy it.  let us help you get started on your life's to-do list, doing the things you've always wanted but never had the time to do.  we'd love to show you around our neighborhood, the plantation, one of the most beautiful spots in florida.  and introduce you to some of the most friendly and engaging people you'll ever meet. there will never be a better time.  your florida lifestyle is waiting... 
                                                              
                                    everyone is concerned about the future. it is a human tendency to make plans for the future. once people retire from active professional life, they have plenty of time to fulfill their dreams and complete pending work. you can join leesburg fl over 55 communities and live with other seniors who are moving into the same phase. the adult retirement communities are purposely developed to suit lifestyle and requirements of adults. the leesburg area is extremely beautiful. the seniors can enjoy life according to their taste and preference. you can find homes for sale in the plantation, leesburg fl. 
									
									55+ communities in leesburg fl are paradise for freedom loving, active adults. the seniors can enjoy the life as per their wish. residing in proximity to north of greater orlando is like taking a glance of paradise. the 55 plus communities in leesburg fl are packed with modern amenities. from lush green parks to large club houses, the seniors can find everything for their entertainment. it is very common to see that people lose physical strength but their inner spirit remains energetic. the seniors are free to participate in activities at leesburg fl over 55 communities. there is plethora of activities each managed by dedicated directors. 
									
									after working hard for so many years, it is the time for seniors to sit and relax.  there are homes for sale in the plantation at leesburg florida for every budget. the seniors can enjoy freshness of blue morning and pink skies of evening in the company of likeminded people. the seniors who are simply seeking for best value in retirement should come to the plantation. our community is a nice place to live life with ease. if you aspire to enjoy vacation inspired lifestyle, we are the best option. 
									
» see our new website! 
» click here for all plantation at leesburg listings for sale 
» click here for plantation at leesburg rentals 
» click here for rentals in other communities 
» click here to search an individual mls number 
» contact us 
» request a home valuation 
» connect with us on facebook 
call the plantation at leesburg realty (pal realty) today!!


















pal realty    25327 us hwy. 27 suite 202      leesburg, fl 34748      toll free: (800) 234-7654      local: (352) 326-3626

copyright © 1999-present, the plantation at leesburg realty, llc, dba pal realty. licensed in florida. all rights reserved.

55 plus retirement communities | active adult communities in central florida | central florida active retirement communitiescentral florida retirement communities | retirement communities




