


higher awareness programs - raise consciousness




























































home
about us
programs
contact





know & heal yourself
grow & heighten awareness
flow & manifest 
                dreams 
blog




member login













   "expand basic awareness
                         into higher awareness."


                and why you must
                
              know the difference! 
 
 










the awareness 'magic point'.
              expands self-healing, intuition, confidence and miracles.
download the free 'awareness journey' worksheet
 

                
              










 
transformational truths, tools,
 and tips
 to resolve life challenges
on your ideal  life journey.
 

our vision:
"truth 
                seekers understanding and awakening new levels of awareness."
are you stuck, lost, leading a life of mediocrity and regret?
                are you making efforts, but still spinning your wheels?

you think you know yourself and understand life, right now. unfortunately, you have limiting beliefs, old conditioning, bad 
                habits,
                and an ego that stops and filters the amazing opportunities
                that are continuously knocking at your door.

                time to finally unlearn self-sabotaging behaviors and learn the laws, truths, and tools that 
                get your life working for you and not against you.
become a master of your productivity, healing, 
                intuition, purpose, manifesting, and consciousness journey.








3 progressive levels of growth 
                on your life journey



know and heal yourself
coping?  self sabotaging?  daily dramas?  unfocused?  victimized? 
                    overwhelmed? create clarity. learn life's laws. be 
                    more productive. know, reveal, and heal your blocks. tools 
                    for order and healing.

uncover life challenges



grow and heighten awareness
life seems superficial? stuck in mediocrity? can't get ahead? not know who you are? build character. find more meaning. grow in awareness 
                    and intuition. improve relationships. tools for expanding 
                    higher mind. 

                    develop intuition



flow and manifest your dreams
lack direction? out of synch with the world? not fitting in? dreams out of reach?
                    develop intuition. live your life purpose. manifest more miracles. be more fulfilled. 
                    tools for staying ahead.

                    live your life purpose











 
 attention: introverts, 
                journal writers,
                truth-seekers, self-starters, and 
                teachers/coaches wanting access to a 
                massive amount of personal and 
                spiritual development resources.
 


my old ways
                for 25 years as a product designer and problem solver, i 
                realized the necessity of being true to myself and not be 
                influenced by status quo, advice, media, corporate politics, 
                ill-informed bosses, and other people's self-centered agendas. 
                so, i learned how to trust my intuition, be more creative, 
                and express my new ideas clearly. 

my new ways
                for the last 23 years, we at higher awareness, have helped 
                thousands of seekers draw out their own inner wisdom.
                we have created a massive, searchable, affordable, organized set 
                of tools, smart questions, answer lists, inspirational quotes, 
                worksheets, choices, and even humor - that fit your style and 
                need. whatever your struggles, needs, or aspirations, we 
                quickly show you the tools to know, grow, and flow through life.

this site is different - it is affordable, has no 
                time-wasting webinars, no hype, no urgency, no last call, no 
                hidden costs, no bonusing, and no scarcity tactics. it's 
                simple! - as a member you get access to all past, present, 
                and future programming. our approach is to draw out and 
                unlearn old conditioning and not stuff in what works for others 
                and not you.
  read more 
                about john








see what others are saying about higher awareness programs.



peter leon
your work has impacted me in many positive ways. i look forward daily for your insights. i have nothing but high praises and a sense of deep and profound gratitude for the work you do.
                    



dm
excellence and clarity are the words that begin to describe what i see in your writing and in the services you offer -- and so much is offered; it's strong. ... your work stands out in contrast to anything i've seen on the web. well done.
                    



phyllis foster
the daily lessons are keeping me focused in a way that is both meaningful and essential. slowly but surely, i am beginning to 'open up' to these beautiful lessons, and day by day, they are indeed elevating my understanding and awareness considerably. it's going to take time but having a spiritual 'road map' has made a clear difference.
                    



 
                            read more testimonials - we have over 1000 of them!








here are six easy ways to start benefiting from new ways of 
            thinking during these chaotic times.



confidence and decisiveness as you know yourself better



authenticity  
as you heal self sabotaging blocks 
                    and be the real you



more synchronicities,  results, and miracles as you 
                    elevate your consciousness



productivity and effectiveness as you 
                    integrate our 5 minute worksheets



self reliance as you 
                    trust your intuition and higher levels of understanding.



make sense of your life  
from 3 simple models of life and universal laws.






 
                            for more features and benefits - click here





our most popular consciousness journey membership features




life journeys
				experience your life journey through 3 consciousness levels 
                along 
                12 progressive steps. find the ideal tools that fit your 
                style. different perspectives are needed because old programs 
                are so deep seated, it takes new points of view to upgrade them.
				learn more



                know yourself in depth
				life is more about unlearning and clearing away what stops us, 
                so our authenticity can take more of the lead. we are 
                manifesting 100% perfectly, but we separate ourselves in many 
                ways from our personal power, potentials, guidance, and 
                magnetism.
				learn more



needs tree
				choose from 40 common life challenges and aspirations and be 
                guided to the best of over 200 solutions and tools. what is your 
                life challenge? we have the right awareness tools. 
				learn more







                life planning binder & tools
				attain more clarity, focus, creativity, connection, meaning, 
                intuition and results. your convenient, "go to place" for your 
                worksheets, goals, life-on-a-page, daily practices, journal, 
                cheat sheets... etc.
				learn more






coffee questions
				in 10 minutes, complete the perfect, 9 daily, weekly, monthly, 
                and quarterly 'coffee questions'.  manage the 
                big picture and details at the right time. reminder service 
                included.
				learn more



universal laws
				align with the harmony and perfect order of the universe and 
                your ideal life, as you begin to fully understand your place in 
                it. you are manifesting 100% perfectly right now according to 
                these universal laws.  its time to know and apply these 
                laws.
				learn more




intuit and do it program
				our flagship, 3-month, in-depth, step-by-step program. 
                understand and experience new tools and perspectives on your 
                ideal life journey. designed for the serious, committed seeker. 
				learn more



new ways of thinking
				new, fast-paced, complex, challenging times require 
                transformational tools and new ways of 
                thinking. develop more awareness, intuition, healing, and manifesting 
                abilities on your life journey.  
				learn more










                see what's new and what's next this week on our site.









latest popular articles/blogs
new perspectives to accelerate your life journey




how the ego sabotages you. a checklist
find out what ego is, it's traps and levels of manipulation. create your own ego healing hot list
                




the spiritual journey as a journey of consciousness
the spiritual awareness journey first follows the path of personality to experience limitation and separation.
                




how are you blocking your intuition?
you actually hold within you the wisdom needed to resolve your problems or questions about life? all of us are innately intuitive.
                




my 11 main messages to mankind
every day i tune into my soul and the universe 
                and ask "what is my message to my readers, members and humanity?
                














our programs
summary of
                             

features and benefits.
see
                            what's new and  

                            what's next this week.



know & heal yourself


                            life journey level #1
know yourself - 2 
                            programs
time 
                                                    management skills
personal goal 
                            setting
personal 
                            development plans
heal your life workbook


                                models of consciousness



grow & expand yourself


                            life journey level #2
self awareness training
creative thinking
write your life story
grow yourself workbook


                            journal writing ideas
raise 
                            consciousness



flow & express yourself


                            life journey level #3
developing intuition
relationship development
spiritual awareness
meditation methods
finding your life purpose
manifesting 
                            (3 programs)



life journey tools

self development quotes
smart questions (1500)
intuitive choice lists (100)
 journaling tools (50)
needs tree (35)
feeling finder tool 
                        (100)
 one-page worksheets (20)




ready to make 
                            sense of your life and how you fit in?
order button - start today! your life journey programs await you!








contact
for more information or comments, please send an email here


our freebies

inner journey 
                        messages
personality quiz
awareness level quiz
life purpose quiz

                        life challenges list



our company

about us
faq
testimonials (300)


why join us?

become a 
                        member

member access


                        sitemap



our community

awareness blog (350)
self development articles
facebook
twitter
linkedin
kiva.org (368 loans)







								copyright © 1999 - 2025 higher awareness, inc.




 




        your browser does not support iframes click here to view the page directly. 


















