





nichols college





















































skip to content










academic programs
student life
admissions
athletics
 














apply now


about about nichols
at a glance
history & accreditation
offices & services
athletics
news
campus directory
directions & campus map
college leadership

admissions admissions home
apply
visit
application requirements
transfers
tuition & financial aid
military
international students
meet the admission team

scholarships
academic programs
undergraduate programs
academics
financial aid
transfer students
honors program
faculty
academic services
professional development
college catalog

graduate about
executive mba
mba
msa
msol
msc
certificates
graduate assistants
partnerships
cost
scholarships
calendar & schedule
apply

online about
credit for prior learning
corporate programs
able
cost

student life community
housing
dining
student orgs
campus events
student services
center for diversity, equity, & inclusion
counseling services
health services
campus safety
policies
virtual tour

contact
visit
apply
alumni
donate
onelogin
 

























nichols
college














student success is our business


nichols college transforms ambitious and open-minded students into confident business leaders who make a difference in their communities and in the lives of others.


success after nichols


facts & rankings


the graduate school





















































the nichols difference


the college tour at nichols college
the college tour is a tv series brought to you by multi-award winning producers.  the series tells the story of colleges and universities around the world.​ learn more about the college tour here.


leena basma ‘25 on student use of ai in academic settings
leena basma ’25 co-authored an academic paper on student use of ai that appeared in the october 2024 issues in information journal, using data she learned at nichols.


the investiture of william c. pieczynski recap
the nichols community convened on friday, oct. 18 for the investiture of william c. pieczynski as the ninth president of nichols college. 


the real symposium at nichols college
the annual research, experiential, and applied learning (real) symposium celebrates the many impactful projects undertaken by nichols students and faculty, both inside and outside the classroom.


experiential learning
we provide our students with a portfolio of experiential learning opportunities that supports their career development. from internships to professional certifications to consulting projects, learn how our education prepares students for life after nichols.






















explore majors
nichols offers 27 undergraduate majors in traditional and emerging fields, along with accelerated master’s and law degree programs.


majors & minors























visit campus
our 220-acre campus is classic new england, beautiful in all four seasons, with plenty of room to roam (and ask us how our grass is so green).


schedule a tour










engage in campus life
find your niche within 35+ student-led organizations, club and intramural sports and more than 250 student activities every year.


life at nichols












course catalog
explore current courses, the 2023-24 academic calendar, financial aid information and more.


courses & calendar























career prep and pds
our award-winning cpdc provides the tools and resources students need to prepare for careers of meaning and purpose.


life after nichols










housing, dining and campus life
from mental health counselors to on-campus starbucks baristas, our housing, dining and campus life staff are focused on providing an exemplary student experience.


living & learning












career services
questions about roi? a full 95% of nichols graduates were employed or in graduate school within six months of graduation.


life after nichols










affording nichols
we’re committed to making a nichols degree affordable through a combination of loans, grants, work study and other sources.


scholarships & aid










campus safety
learn how we keep our 220-acre campus safe in a respectful, collaborative and professional manner.


be safe, stay safe










aacsb accreditation
nichols is among the 6% of business schools worldwide accredited by aacsb (the association to advance collegiate schools of business).


aacsb accredited












nichols hub
a one-stop site for faculty and staff, with links to departments, policies and onelogin.


onelogin










it and help desk
information technology is a collaborative and innovative team that serves the broad technology needs of the nichols community.


it help










aacsb accreditation
nichols is among the 6% of business schools worldwide accredited by aacsb (the association to advance collegiate schools of business).


aacsb accredited










academic calendar
the trusted resource for semester start (and end) dates, add/drop, holidays, open houses, research symposiums, award ceremonies and more.


key dates & events












bison forever
attend an event, mentor a student, use career resources, volunteer and support the next generation of bison leaders.


stay connected










nichols generosity
give to what matters to you: scholarships, student assistance funds, faculty, athletics, capital improvements, clubs and activities or the nichols fund to support areas of greatest need.


make a gift










bison athletics
our 24 ncaa division iii programs regularly win conference championships, earn ncaa tournament bids and academic accolades and foster bison pride.


go bison










publications
stay connected through nichols college magazine, the golden bison bulletin and nichols & sense e-newsletter.


read here







i am a student




                                        prospective student                                    





                                        current student                                    





                                        parent/family                                    





                                        faculty/staff                                    





                                        alumna/alumnus                                    











facts and rankings
by the numbers







9th                                
we are ranked 9th in the nation among undergraduate business schools for salary potential.




98%                                
nichols is committed to value and affordability. that's why 98% of students receive a grant and/or scholarship.




                                    $115,200 
the average mid-career pay for nichols graduates (10+ years experience) is $115,200.




6%                                
just 6% of business schools worldwide are aacsb accredited, including nichols.




10th                                
we are ranked 10th best value business college in nation according to payscale.

























the big picture

founded: 1815 in dudley, massachusetts
enrollment: 1265 (undergraduate); 385 (graduate)
majors/minors: 27/25
bison near and far: students from 30 states and 10 countries
financial aid: 98% of students receive financial aid (average aid package = $26,515)
after nichols: 95% of graduates employed or in graduate school within six months of graduation












noteworthy
news and events


view all news
view all events













01/09/25
nichols college senior co-authors ai study and presents findings at academic conference







01/23/25
nichols college announces president’s and dean’s lists for fall 2024


12/09/24
neagle publishes op-ed on presidential election in telegram & gazette


11/26/24
nichols senior advisory council 2024–25 announced  


11/19/24
inspiring resilience and service: joe and jen andruzzi share their journey with nichols community









feb
17



president’s day, no classes 

all day






feb
19



men’s and women’s basketball doubleheader

5:00 pm - 7:30 pm






feb
20



black wellness uncovered

11:30 am - 1:00 pm






mar
7



spring vacation begins after last class

all day





view all news
view all events








confident and collaborative leaders
people of nichols










"at nichols, make the most of opportunities, try new things, and stay open-minded. seizing chances for growth and embracing diversity will enrich your experience and shape your journey."
innis acosta bernazar '26










"i knew from my first time on campus that there would always be resources and support within my community, as well as endless potential for creating long-lasting connections."
gabrielle gingras '25







"being able to apply what i’ve learned in the classroom to a real-world project was a fun experience that also helped me hone my skills. "
colby allen '25






view more





















































































































































next steps:

contact your admissions counselor
apply on common app
schedule a visit
request more information












visit
calendar
news
title ix
onelogin
nichols hub
college catalog
alumni
directions
contact
employment
privacy
 







 




nichols facebook
nichols twitter
nichols instagram
nichols youtube
nichols email







                                    121 center road,                                 
po box 5000


dudley, 
ma, 
01571




                    800-470-3379                


donate 












visit


financial aid


request information


apply









search











































