


















mortal kombat secrets: the most informative mortal kombat source on the web





























 





 









 remember, register





 




 


					switch to: 
		
 injusticeonline.com 













latest news
news archive
submit news





forums
chat room





mortal kombat
mortal kombat ii
mortal kombat 3
ultimate mk3
mk trilogy
mortal kombat 4
mortal kombat gold
mk advance
mk: deadly alliance
mk: tournament edition
mk: deception
mk: unchained
mk: armageddon
ultimate mk (nds)
mk vs. dc universe
mortal kombat 9
mk: arcade kollection
mortal kombat x/xl
mortal kombat 11
mortal kombat 1 (2023)





mkm: sub-zero
mk: special forces
mk: shaolin monks





mk: the movie
mk: annihilation
mk: the new movie
mk: conquest
mk: legacy series
mk: dotr
mk: the journey begins





fan art
fakes
fan fiction
mk4: enhanced





downloads
finisher theater
kombat kolumns
games convention
emulation
contests





contact us
staff
about us
affiliates and links
privacy policy




 


the most informative mortal kombat source on the web featured video
the history of mortal kombat - episode 10


watch all episodesmortal kombat 1 (2023)
moves and finishers
kodes and secrets
invasions
renders, screenshots, clips & trailers

mortal kombat x
moves and finishers
kodes and secrets

skins and mods
mkx, mk9, injustice, all

mortal kombat 9 (2011)
moves and finishers
kodes and secrets

the klassics
mk (1992), mkii, umk3, mktrilogypage 1 of 475 next> last>> mortal kombat 1 (2023) unlock mk11 cyrax & sektor kameo skins, invasions guide, order of darkness ermac, ...by gambid on jan 28, 2025 ::  4
there is no doubt among the fans that season 10 of invasions, together with the latest conan the barbarian update brought amazing new content and even though the season is a repeat of season 2 (season of the blood moon) it feels mostly like a new one. we see all the recent encounter types added here and a solid amount of new skins for everyone to unlock, easter eggs and secrets to discover. and we are here to talk about all these.

the season brings several completely new skins, and a lot of new season themed palletes, mostly for the dlc fighters. the most significant of those skins, based on the buzz generated online, are the two mortal kombat 11 skins for kameo cyrax and kameo sektor..


for those of you who have not played the previous game, the two character were fightable in mortal kombat 11 story mode and existed as assist fighters in towers of time but were not on the main roster. here their designs are made available as skins for the kameo versions of sektor and cyrax. here is how to unlock them:


many fans voiced their oppinion in wanting these skins also for the main roster versions of sektor and cyrax. and even though i do not believe that we would see this happening, it wouldn't be that far fetched given the fact that sektor and cyrax were the only two fighters in mortal kombat 9 (2011) to have skins which not only looked different but also behaved different during game play for their human and cybernetic forms.


this season also brings us the order of darkness skin for ermac, which is slightly different from what we previously saw in story mode. he is hidden in one of the chests in the living forest mesa. this brings us to our guide for this season. we have added, among other really cool things, very detailed mesa maps which will show you where the ornate keys are, the location of the cage coins, the skins, the portal and other points of interest.


click here to go to our mortal kombat 1 season of the blood moon guide.

what do you think about all the new additions to the game. tell us in the comments. and don't worry, we have not forgotten about floyd but we are still preparing our update here.

for more information about mortal kombat 1 (2023), check out our mortal kombat 1 (2023) section.

did you like this update? then follow us on youtube, facebook, x and discord.dan forden and his iconic "toasty" line in invasions modeby roy arkon on jan 27, 2025 ::  0
 dan forden is one of the key men in the history of the mortal kombat series. not only providing multiple soundtracks for various games in the franchise, but also for his cameo in the actual games, popping during gameplay to shout his iconic "toasty" line.

now forden gets to do another cameo, this time in the game that revolves around the kameo system, mortal kombat 1 (2023). and no, i'm not talking about his "toasty" line during johnny cage's krash and burn fatality which was in the game since it's launch, i'm talking about making a 2nd cameo, this time in invasions mode.

a new modifier  has been added to invasions, and it's one simply called "toasty", which creates a bunch of toasters throughout the stage, and toasts coming out of them and can damage the characters during the fight. randomly, the toasts can hit a character with a kritical hit (as you remember, in the same vain as   pokémon games), and since it's a fire-type modifier, it will cause the damage-over-time fire effect to occur, except in this specific scenario, dan forden will pop into the screen, shouting his "toasty" line in the same good ol' fashion we all know and love.

this is indeed a very pleasant surprise to have this added to mk1 (2023), bringing in another piece of fan service and nostalgia, and we can all only imagine what other surprises will be added to the game in the future.

check the video from my channel below, showcasing the dan forden in invasions mode. let's all have a toast and enjoy!   



for more information about mortal kombat 1 (2023), check out our section for the game right here.

did you like this update? then follow us on youtube, facebook, x and discord.mk1 (2023) news - sales numbers, t-1000 fatality, conan muscle flex and moreby roy arkon on jan 22, 2025 ::  0
 we got tons of news today as conan the barbarian has been released for mortal kombat 1 (2023). so let's dig in.

first, ed boon came to twitter/x to address several topics. he firstly confirmed that as of now, mk1 (2023) has sold more than 5 million copies, as well as still being consistently in the top 15 most played games on ps5, and that netherrealm studios and warner bros. games are very pleased with these sales numbers.



considering that the game is 1 year and 4 months old during a console generation that is still relatively new compared to mortal kombat 11, and more in line with  mortal kombat x, these numbers are indeed amazing.

also in the same thread, boon gave as a glimpse to one of t-1000's fatalities. also, he seemingly teasing future dlc for the game, meaning that very likely there is more content coming to mk1 (2023).


but speaking of dlc, conan is no in mk1 (2023), and it's now revealed that he's got a special secret that he keeps close to his chest.  

if you do a brutality with conan (as of this post, only the uppercut klassic brutality) and then hold down with either one of the two triggers of your controller, it will cause conan to flex his chest muscles, and you can do as much as you want as long as you didn't exist the victory screen. here's a clip of this from the twitter page of multi-time mortal kombat esports champion dominique mclean, aka "sonic fox".



and finally, there are brand new skins in the mtx shop for ashrah, baraka and geras, all are inspired by conan the barbarian, and all labeled as the "age of conan" skins. check out the video below from youtuber ksik showcasing the skins as well as other previously added skins that are also in the shop this week.



that was a lot, but so far that's all we have. stay tuned for more news as they arrive.

for more information about mortal kombat 1 (2023), check out our section for the game right here.

did you like this update? then follow us on youtube, facebook, x and discord.mortal kombat 1 (2023) conan the barbarian kombat kast, gameplay trailer & screenshotsby gambid on jan 17, 2025 ::  1
netherrealm studios just lifted the vail surrounding conan the barbarian, the 5th kombat pack 2 dlc character to join the ever growing roster of mortal kombat 1 (2023). they offered us a lot of new information, footage and screenshots, so lets start. first here is the gameplay trailer for the new character.


the trailer gives us a very good look at conan's mastery with the sword and some of his special and finishing moves.

here is what the developer has to say about the conan the barbarian:
downloadable content guest fighter conan the barbarian is the towering cimmerian warrior from the conan the barbarian (1982) film, featuring the likeness of actor arnold schwarzenegger in the role of the title character.

born on a battlefield, conan has become one of the most formidable warriors the world has ever seen through relentless toil and kombat. sold into slavery after his parents are slain and village destroyed by the malevolent warlord thulsa doom, he is eventually freed by his master and embarks on a quest for vengeance, his journey culminating in the defeat of doom, liberating thousands from his sorcerous grip. in mortal kombat 1, conan stands ready to defend earthrealm against the vile beings that mean to conquer it.

conan’s distinct yet devastating moveset is on full display in the new trailer and is built around his iconic atlantean sword. the master blade-wielder can perform complex maneuvers with the imposing steel weapon, including his intricate sword spinning and signature overhead chop to take down opponents with brute force. the video also reveals one of conan’s gruesome fatalities and teases the fighter’s animality, the brutal finishing move that morphs the character into a powerful bull to annihilate defeated opponents. the fan favorite animalities are available now as a free content update for all mortal kombat 1 owners.

to promote the new fighter and all the additional upcoming changes to the game, netherrealm studios released the 12th instalment of the mortal kombat 1 (2023) kombat kast, focusing on conan the barbarian and giving a lot of information about the upcoming balance changes and new/modified moves for characters such as reiko, raiden and kitana.


in addition it also revealed that invasions season 10 will be a repeat of the season of the blood moon. the season first appeared as season 2, when invasions was a far cry from its current state in terms of encounter variety and overall gameplay maturity. so here we also expect that this season will feel very much like a new one. the developer is also promising new rewards to be added, including for some of the dlc characters.

didn't watch the live broadcast? here is your chance to catch up:


the kombat kast was streamed on:

twitch: https://twitch.tv/netherrealm
youtube: https://youtube.com/mortalkombat
tiktok: https://tiktok.com/@mortalkombat

what we also have for you this time are some really nice screenshots of the new dpc fighter. have a look:
   

click here to visit our mortal kombat 1 screenshots page and see all screenshots for the game.

conan the barbarian arrives for all khaos reigns owners on january 21st, 2025. the character will be available for a separate purchase for everyone else starting january 28th, 2025

for more information about mortal kombat 1 (2023), check out our mortal kombat 1 (2023) section.

what do you think of conan the barbarian in mortal kombat 1 (2023) now that you have seen all this information and the gameplat trailer? tell us in the comments.

did you like this update? then follow us on youtube, facebook, x and discord.mk1 (2023) pro kompetition season 2 program, trailer, all details, t-1000, conan & next kombat kastby roy arkon on jan 15, 2025 ::  1
netherrealm studios has released the official trailer for season 2 of the mortal kombat 1 (2023) pro kompetition, the biggest tournament for all competitive mortal kombat players around the globe, with a prize pool of $255,000.

the trailer also includes additional, never before seen gameplay footage of conan, ahead of his kombat kast on january 16, 2025 and a first glimpse at the t-1000, the sixth and final dlc character from kombat pack 2. if that wasn't enough, we also get to see one of conan the barbarian's brutalities.

check out the full trailer with all the teases included, enjoy:


have a look at the official press-release for the official schedule and a lot of additional details:
warner bros. games, netherrealm studios, and rts announce mortal kombat 1 pro kompetition: season 2 program
new season of global esports program to feature $255,000 usd total prize pool

season 2 trailer reveals new look at upcoming characters conan the barbarian & t-1000 terminator

official conan the barbarian gameplay trailer debuting on 16th january kombat kast

burbank, calif. – 15th january, 2025 – warner bros. games, netherrealm studios, and rts today announced the schedule and program details for the mortal kombat 1 pro kompetition: season 2, marking the return of the global esports program featuring mortal kombat 1. kombatants of all ranks will have a chance to kompete for a cut of the $255,000 usd prize pool across a variety of live, in-person events in north america, latin america, south america, and europe, as well as multiple online tournaments.

season 2 will begin with pro kompetition mexico, an in-person event hosted in mexico city on 22nd february, and the program will culminate at the final kombat world championship, scheduled for september 2025. for more information or to register for an event, visit the mortal kombat 1 pro kompetition online hub.


a new trailer for the mortal kombat 1 pro kompetition: season 2 was released, including highlights from past events, along with a new look at upcoming guest fighters, conan the barbarian and t-1000 terminator. conan the barbarian will be released on 21st january as part of the early access period for mortal kombat 1: khaos reigns expansion owners, followed by wide availability on 28th january. featuring the likeness of actor arnold schwarzenegger in the role of the title character, the towering warrior from the conan the barbarian (1982) film will be available for use during tournament play when season 2 begins. the official conan the barbarian gameplay trailer will be debuted on tomorrow’s kombat kast, giving fans a deeper dive on this powerful fighter. release timing and availability for t-1000 terminator will be announced at a later date. 

the road to the final kombat world championship will have four different paths. there will be 10 in-person events, each with 1 vs. 1 double-elimination brackets where players can earn points towards their global leaderboard ranking. the top eight players with the most leaderboard points from in-person events will earn a spot in final kombat.

mortal kombat 1 pro kompetition in-person events include:
pro kompetition mexico – mexico city, mex. (feb. 22-23)
viennality – vienna, austria (march 1-2)
texas showdown – houston, texas (march 28-30)
gamescom latam – são paulo, brazil (may 1-4)
combo breaker – chicago, ill. (may 23-25)
ceo fighting game championships – orlando, fla. (june 13-15)
brussels challenge – brussels, belgium (spring/summer 2025)
evo 2025 – las vegas, nev. (aug. 1-3)
blink respawn – santo domingo, dominican republic (summer 2025)
vsfighting – birmingham, u.k. (summer/autumn 2025)

the winner of the pro kompetition event at evo will also automatically qualify for a spot in final kombat.

additionally, players can kompete in online pro kompetition tournaments based on their location, with divisions and sub-divisions broken out by geographic region, including the north american league (north america east and north america west), interkontinental kombat (europe east, europe west, oceanic, and middle east), and liga latina (brazil, mexico, south america north, and south america south). each regional division will have two online qualifier events and one online regional final, with 10 online players earning a spot in final kombat – two winners from the north american league, four winners from interkontinental kombat, and four winners from liga latina. please note, participation in online tournaments will not award points towards the global leaderboard. players must participate in any of the 10 in-person events to add points to their leaderboard ranking.

the remaining finals spot will be awarded to the winner of the last chance qualifier (lcq) event, an open in-person tournament that will be held at the final kombat location. the winner of the lcq will round out the 20-player field kompeting in final kombat.

all 20 players kompeting in final kombat will be split into four groups of five players and kompete in a round-robin format. the top two players from each group, eight total, will advance to the final bracket and kompete in a double-elimination format, with all players starting from the winner’s side. the winner of the final bracket will become the final kombat world champion. exact timing and location for final kombat will be confirmed at a later date.

the pro kompetition will allow fans to experience all of the high level match-ups and heated battles with more than 100 hours of live kompetition over 20 days, which can be viewed at twitch.tv/netherrealm, youtube.com/mortalkombat, and facebook.com/mortalkombat.

pro kompetition participants will have an opportunity to kompete in tournament matches with characters from mortal kombat 1: khaos reigns, the recent expansion for mortal kombat 1, the latest installment in the acclaimed videogame franchise developed by award-winning netherrealm studios. mortal kombat 1: khaos reigns is available now digitally for playstation 5, xbox series x|s, the nintendo switch, and pc (steam and epic games store), including a story expansion with playable fighters cyrax, sektor, noob saibot, ghostface, conan the barbarian (available beginning jan. 21), and t-1000 terminator (release date to be announced).

for more information on the mortal kombat 1 pro kompetition: season 2, please visit the online hub.

for more information about mortal kombat 1 (2023), check out our section for the game right here.

did you like this update? then follow us on youtube, facebook, x and discord.page 1 of 475 next> last>> 









mortal kombat 1 (2023)
visitors rating8.4rated by 309 visitors


10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1




 


go to top 




copyright © 2002-2025 mortal kombat secrets - all rights reserved. this website is in no way affiliated with warner bros. entertainment inc. or threshold entertainment.mortal kombat, the dragon logo, all character and game names are registered trademarks of warner bros. entertainment inc.powered by e-extcms. script execution time: 0.05 seconds



 







