








welcome - the northeastern apprenticeship and training program





















































facebookmailtwitterhome
about neat

about our trade
affiliated unions
affiliated contractors


apprenticeship

training, coursework and ojt
pay & benefits
minimum requirements
the application process
the admission process
earn while you learn
the challenges
the rewards


training resources

apprentice login
training classes
monthly timesheet
links


media library

photo galleries


contact





menu


menu

 






what is linework?whether you’re thinking about changing your career or just starting out after graduating from high school or college, neat offers a direct path to a successful career. best of all, the training program does not include mountains of debt so often associated with four-year colleges.
learn moreearn while you learn to be an outside linemando you want to get paid while learning the valuable skills to become an outside journeyman lineman? our apprentices start earning a livable wage from day 1, while gaining the skills needed to succeed. this includes training from experienced instructors in the classroom and highly skilled journeymen on the job.
learn moreprepare for a challenging, yet rewarding career as a lineman!northeastern apprenticeship training is committed to providing apprentices with not only high quality instructors, but also good pay. between working through unexpected weather conditions, extremely dangerous power lines, and working in high areas, you will find being an outside lineman rewarding everyday.
learn morepreviousnext123








neat
neat operates independently, but is governed by both ibew and neca board members.


learn more

apprenticeship
apprentices learn through on-the-job training, at-home study and classroom instruction.


learn more

apply now



please make sure you read all the requirements below before trying to complete an application.
you will need to make sure you have copies of the following in order to complete the application in its entirety:
• copy of driver’s license
• as of august 1, 2022, a class a or b commercial driver’s license with air brake endorsement and
“m” endorsement (if residing in the state of new york)
• copy of dd-214 (if applicable)
• line school transcripts (this is required if you have graduated from one)
and/or certifications 
*** please note the system only accepts the following file types listed when uploading the documents mentioned above to the application: pdf, jpg, jpeg, gif, png, tif, tiff, heic, jfif, doc and docx ***
failure to upload the required documents and/or upload expired driver’s license/cdl/cdl permit will deem you ineligible. you will not be able to move on with the application process so please make sure you double check all required items!
our application process will open on the first monday of each month at 8:00 a.m. (est). we will only be accepting a maximum of 30 applications per area per month. when this number is reached, the system will automatically close until the first monday of the following month.
all correspondence(s) will be emailed to the valid email address associated with your application so please remember to check all inboxes.


apply now

apprentice login
neat apprentices can log-in to view apprentice info, hours summary, class history, and forms.


log-in
we can help you reach your potential
the northeastern apprenticeship training (neat) program prepares apprentices for exciting, challenging and rewarding careers as outside journeymen linemen, while also providing needed upgrade training for the future.
neat will ensure its apprentices receive proper, state-of-the-art training in the classroom and on the jobsite. while earning good pay and benefits, which enables them to provide a stable future for themselves and their family. find out how.

   

our information 1513 ben franklin hwy.
douglassville, pa 19518
office: (610) 326-2860
fax: (610) 326-2924
email: neat3455@aol.com

important linksabout neat
apprenticeship
apprenticeship login
training classes
links






© copyright - the northeastern apprenticeship and training program | site designed by bma media group
facebookmailtwitter






scroll to top





