




welcome to my dreams — livejournal


























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































spikiegirl
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














spikiegirl







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            welcome to my dreams
        





credit: layout by  abellalayouts
tags*cut
*feedback
*friends only entry
*my boring life
*reviews : book
*sale : cds/dvds
*sale : manga
*wish list
concert : report
discussion : skincare
jrock : antic cafe
jrock : ayabie
jrock : gazette






21 september 2021 @ 12:42 pm
wish list  


there are always things i want to buy but since i'm reasonable i don't and then forget about them. that's why i'm making this wish list.i already have one for books at amazon.*home :- a new book-case- a new desk lamp- a new alarm clock- a rug*accessories :- a cute stainless steel tumbler- a pocket mirror- a small hair brush for my bag*stationery :- some gorjuss' stuff (so cuuute) (i already have the "media case & little gorjuss notebook")*clothes/shoes :*beauty :- the cosmetex roland's shapy powdery lotion- the hadalabo's tamagohada daily face wash- the tangle teezer hairbrush- some soap & glory products- some lush products- la roche posay serozinc- nuxe huile prodigieuse- some philosophy products- some yes to products- aquolina's pink sugar perfume- laneige water sleeping pack- a konjac sponge for the body*cds/dvds- t-ara's breaking heart album- infinite's repackage album- sunny hill's recent mini albums- tablo's album "fever's end"tags: *wish list
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


30 november 2018 @ 03:00 pm
friends only  


this lj is friends onlythis is my personal lj so i write about my real life, my thoughts, my likes and dislikes ..... but i barely write here and most of the time it's pretty boring.if you check my profile, you'll see that i already have a lot of friends in my friends list so i'm not interested in adding everybody like before, i'm more picky now and so will only add people i already chatted with in communities, people i often saw posting in communities, people that seems interesting.if you think we have a lot in common or we could be friends, feel free to leave me a comment here and don't be disappointed if i don't add you back, i'm not even interesting seriously ^^'.moreover, i won't add people with newly created lj or people who don't comment, so no need to request to be added because i won't.made by spikie (it explains the poor quality xd)tags: *friends only entry
 
1066 comments | leave a comment




 


 



01 october 2017 @ 10:57 pm
feedback  


for those who bought something from me, please leave your feedback here ^__^(+) positive: 12(~) neutral: 0(-) negative: 0tags: *feedback
 
17 comments | leave a comment




 


26 september 2017 @ 03:37 pm
[selling] jpop/jrock/vk cds/dvds + 1 kpop cd  


i really need money so even if it's painful i have to sell some of my cds/dvds ^^'they're all in great condition, i only used them once to rip them and that's all. i'm selling them the cheapest i can but i'm ready to discuss the price if you really want something.feedbacks can be found herepayment :  i only accept euros. i accept paypal (please take care of the charges) and concealed cash but i'm not responsible if your money gets lost in the mail.shipping : the orders are sent from france. the shipping fee depends on your location and how many stuff you want to buy. i'll do my best to find the cheapest way. i can't be held responsible if your package gets lost in the mail.don't hesitate to ask any question, i'll answer as quickly as possible.i can provide pictures if you want, just ask ^^( to the listcollapse )( to the listcollapse )( to the listcollapse )( to the listcollapse )( to the listcollapse )tags: *sale : cds/dvds
 
197 comments | leave a comment




 


 



25 july 2012 @ 12:52 pm
(no subject)  


nearly departed (weirdsville, book 1) by rook hastingssynopsis: everything has a rational explanation . . . unless it doesn't. the creepy first book in a ghostly new series: welcome to weirdsville. "i've seen a ghost," said emily. "well, not seen one exactly. heard one. at least, i think i have . . . "  woodsville is not like other towns. night falls a little earlier there, the shadows are darker and denser, and everyone knows it's a place where strange things happen., even if they won't admit it. bethan would prefer to be anywhere but here. jay has his theories, but isn't ready to share. hashim sees more than he'll say, while kelly's demons are all too flesh and blood. but emily's freak-out brings them out of denial and face to face with the supernatural. anywhere else, friday night would be date night. but not in weirdsville.review posted @ mimi_bookcase
 
leave a comment




 


 



21 july 2012 @ 03:59 pm
bitten by kelley armstrong  


bitten (women of the otherworld, book 1) by kelley armstrongelena michaels seems like the typically strong and sexy modern woman, she lives with her architect boyfriend, writes for a popular newspaper, and works out at the gym. she's also a werewolf.elena has done all she can to assimilate to the human world, but the man whose bite changed her existence forever, and his legacy, continue to haunt her. thrown into a desperate war for survival that tests her allegiance to a secret clan of werewolves, elena must recon with who, and what, she is in this passionate, page-turning novel.review posted @ mimi_bookcase
 
leave a comment




 


 



13 july 2012 @ 05:58 pm
touch the dark by karen chance  


touch the dark (cassandra palmer, book 1) by karen chancesynopsis: cassandra palmer can see the future and communicate with spirits—talents that make her attractive to the dead and the undead. the ghosts of the dead aren’t usually dangerous; they just like to talk…a lot. the undead are another matter. like any sensible girl, cassie tries to avoid vampires.but when the bloodsucking mafioso she escaped three years ago finds cassie again with vengeance on his mind, she’s forced to turn to the vampire senate for protection. the undead senators won’t help her for nothing, and cassie finds herself working with one of their most powerful members, a dangerously seductive master vampire—and the price he demands may be more than cassie is willing to pay....review posted at mimi_bookcase
 
leave a comment




 


09 july 2012 @ 06:33 pm
the angel experiment by james patterson  


the angel experiment (maximum ride, book 1) by james pattersonsynopsis: six unforgettable kids—with no families, no homes—are running for their lives. max ride and her best friends have the ability to fly. and that's just the beginning of their amazing powers. but they don't know where they come from, who's hunting them, why they are different from all other humans... and if they're meant to save mankind—or destroy it.review posted at mimi_bookcase
 
leave a comment




 


 



15 june 2012 @ 04:22 pm
graveminder by melissa marr  


graveminder by melissa marrsynopsis: rebekkah barrow never forgot the attention her grandmother maylene bestowed upon the dead of claysville, the small town where bek spent her adolescence. there wasn't a funeral that maylene didn't attend, and at each one rebekkah watched as maylene performed the same unusual ritual: she took three sips from a silver flask and spoke the words "sleep well, and stay where i put you."now maylene is dead, and bek must go back to the place she left a decade earlier to confront dark secrets, a centuries-old bargain, a romance that still haunts her, and a frightening new responsibility - to stop a monster and put the dead to rest where they belong.review posted @ mimi_bookcase
 
leave a comment




 


14 june 2012 @ 11:06 pm
[skincare] update  


just an entry so i'll remember what products i used and my opinions on them.( read more...collapse )tags: discussion : skincare
 
5 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























