     new & used honda dealer paramus nj | dch paramus honda                              

                                           dch paramus honda        phone 201-575-4929              120 w state rt 4paramus, nj 07652-1215                                          service        map        contact                      dch paramus honda           call 201-575-4929   directions                      new   search inventory   shop by honda model   new honda accord hybrid for sale   new honda civic for sale    new honda cr-v hybrid for sale   new honda hr-v for sale   new honda pilot for sale    2024 honda prologue    virtual showroom   honda vehicle comparisons   honda vehicle reviews   sell us your car   ev information     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   shop by price   vehicles under 20k   vehicles under 10k     finance   finance   get pre-approved   bad credit financing   permaplate   vehicle protection packages   honda graduate program   military offer     specials   specials   new vehicle specials   service & parts specials     service   service department   schedule service   express service   service and parts financing   dare to compare   shop tires   service customer reviews     body shop   body shop   wheel rim repair   paintless dent removal     parts    parts    order parts   honda accessories   shop tires     about us   contact us   our dealership   meet our staff   why buy from dch paramus honda?   careers   our events   teen safe driving   vehicle walk-arounds   are nj dealerships open on sunday?   customer reviews   service areas      🔋 ev hub                   home   new   search inventory   shop by honda model   new honda accord hybrid for sale   new honda civic for sale    new honda cr-v hybrid for sale   new honda hr-v for sale   new honda pilot for sale    2024 honda prologue    virtual showroom   honda vehicle comparisons   honda vehicle reviews   sell us your car   ev information     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   shop by price   vehicles under 20k   vehicles under 10k     finance   finance   get pre-approved   bad credit financing   permaplate   vehicle protection packages   honda graduate program   military offer     specials   specials   new vehicle specials   service & parts specials     service   service department   schedule service   express service   service and parts financing   dare to compare   shop tires   service customer reviews     body shop   body shop   wheel rim repair   paintless dent removal     parts    parts    order parts   honda accessories   shop tires     about us   contact us   our dealership   meet our staff   why buy from dch paramus honda?   careers   our events   teen safe driving   vehicle walk-arounds   are nj dealerships open on sunday?   customer reviews   service areas      🔋 ev hub             











     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         












service explained
view services










schedule service
schedule now










service & parts special
view specials




      search new inventory     search used inventory        
    our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      accord      civic      cr-v      cr-v hybrid      hr-v      passport      pilot      prologue      odyssey      ridgeline     explore all new inventory   
     


shopping tools





specials
view our latest special offers available for a limited time.
see details







certified
let's find the right certified pre-owned honda for you.
see details







appraisal
receive the absolute best value for your trade-in vehicle.
see details






     
      









dch paramus honda in paramus, nj
dch paramus honda is a new and used honda dealership in paramus, new jersey, that proudly serves the drivers of bergen county. we offer upfront, competitive prices that eliminate the need for haggling and encourage you to make the short trip to get your new honda search started today!
more about us















quality service
we made your honda the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. dch paramus honda technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle.
schedule service

come in for our express oil change service - no appointment needed.









       






get financing
whether you are right down the road or an hour away from our dealership, you can save time now by using our quick pre-approval form to qualify for one of our finance programs.
get pre-approved




     
                                                                                                                                                                       
     



welcome to dch paramus honda
 

dch paramus honda is a new and used honda dealership in paramus, new jersey, that proudly serves the drivers of bergen county. we offer upfront, competitive prices that eliminate the need for haggling and encourage you to make the short trip to get your new honda search started today!
we've earned an a+ rating from the better business bureau and the 2017 consumer satisfaction award from dealerrater, and we work hard to promote safe teen driving with our national foundation for safe teen driving, so what are you waiting for? shop our new and used selections on-site or online today.


 


explore our new honda inventory
 
our friendly honda team will introduce you to a variety of vehicle options, like a new honda civic sedan, and can get you set up for an invigorating test drive. if you’re more of an suv fan, we have plenty of them between the honda cr-v, honda pilot, and more.
do you like trucks? the honda ridgeline, a powerful pickup, is for sale. no matter what you’re after, let us know!


used and certified pre-owned vehicles available
 
our honda dealer loves giving you options. check out our pre-owned and certified pre-owned (cpo) inventories to find beautiful, battle-tested honda models. if you opt for a certified pre-owned model, you’ll be automatically eligible for a variety of benefits, including:
7-year/100,000-mile limited powertrain warranty
 up to a 5-year/86,000-mile limited non-powertrain warranty
 2-year/50,000-mile emergency roadside assistance and towing
 up to two complimentary oil changes within the first year of ownership
 3-day exchange policy
 on top of our cpo honda models, our pre-owned selection features many honda vehicles and plenty from other high-quality manufacturers.


honda financing and leasing solutions
 
before you hit the road in your new-to-you ride, stop by our finance center to see what leasing and financing solutions we can offer you! we have an expert team of finance experts who have a wealth of experience customizing solutions to fit your needs. tell them what you need to have in your plan and they’ll work their magic.
you can get started by applying for financing online. do you have a vehicle to trade? we can help you get maximum value for it thanks to our value your trade tool. be sure to ask about the unique credit financing we offer as well.


 


expert honda service
 

when the time comes to get your honda in for an oil service, make an appointment with the factory-trained technicians in our service department! we can also handle many other routine maintenance services without an appointment. simply show up during regular business hours and we’ll take care of your ride.
the technicians at our service center are constantly up-to-date on honda service trends and have the skills and equipment to tackle any repair job regardless of the size.
all honda services will see genuine original equipment manufacturer (oem) honda parts used. our technicians get these parts from our parts center, and you can too. simply walk in and let one of our specialists know what you need. you can also order parts right here on our website.




 



honda specials
 
to help you find your ideal ride or get the service you need, we offer a list of rotating online specials. check out our specials pages to see what specials are currently offered and when they expire!


 

visit dch paramus honda today
 
here at dch paramus honda, we offer a complete car-buying experience that is tailored to your needs and caters to your satisfaction. experience the difference we can make for you, shop at our honda dealership in paramus, nj, today!









sales hours      monday 9:00am - 8:30pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:30pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:30pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:30pm    friday 9:00am - 8:30pm    saturday 9:00am - 7:30pm    sunday closed    

                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | dch paramus honda | 120 w state rt 4, paramus, nj 07652-1215 | phone: 201-575-4929             












  




 

                 