
































































rapid city journal | breaking news | | read rapid city, sd and south dakota breaking news. get latest news, events and information on south dakota sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



business



education



politics



state



nation & world



podcasts



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional



great outdoors



rapid city rush




lifestyles


arts and theatre



movies & tv



music



event calendar



games



contests



comics



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



announcements



submit announcement




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



contests


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


chadron record




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy














































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




















                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires








6°
cloudy

























        
        
            photos: bennett county girls roll past new underwood

the bennett county girls basketball team came out on fire against new underwood on friday, feb. 14, at the new underwood school district. the warriors won, 52-23 .  

















        
        
            south dakota bill that would've provided property tax credit for private school fails

sb 190 would've provided a tax credit to fund a private, alternative or homeschool education.

















        
        
            rapid city family receives distinguished service award from south dakota national guard

the south dakota national guard presented three awards for distinguished service, including an award to the neuhardt family of rapid city.

















        
        
            update: indian health service, bureau of indian affairs, set to experience significant layoffs

right now it's too early to tell how federal layoffs will impact tribes in south dakota and local indian health service providers, tribal leaders said.

















        
        
            missing rapid city woman found dead in wanblee

michelle elbow shield was last seen in rapid city in the fall of 2023. sahnish scouts organizers discovered her remains on jan. 15.

















        
        
            'cybersecurity event' disrupts operations at rapid city journal, other lee enterprises sites

"we have notified law enforcement of the situation," the company's ceo said.

















        
        
            man's body found in wounded knee, authorities investigating

the oglala sioux tribe department of public safety said the body of a dead 24-year-old man was found around 5 p.m. on feb. 7










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                the latest










        
        
            celebrate custer’s vibrant food scene

the eighth annual custer restaurant week, feb. 24-march 1, will offer local foodies days of delicious dining. the event will showcase the freshest ingredients, most flavorful dishes, and tastiest culinary gems that custer has to offer. 





















        
        
            rapid city neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published today in rapid city journal. 





















        
        
            february 13 recap: rapid city news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 




















        
        
            pancake breakfast fundraiser feb. 23 aids black hills works

rushmore lions club will host its 63rd annual pancake breakfast fundraiser for black hills works on feb. 23.  












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            yankton's buzzer beater stuns rapid city stevens




















        
        
            rapid city stevens' dylan szymonski gets the friendly roll against yankton




















        
        
            bennett county's harley harris scores a layup against new underwood




















        
        
            rapid city stevens' taaliyah porter scores against yankton












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: rapid city stevens duels with sioux falls jefferson

the rapid city stevens basketball teams brought in sioux falls jefferson for a doubleheader, held on saturday, jan. 11, at the carold heier gymnasium. 




















        
        
            jaxson dart ends his ole miss career with 4 td passes and a 52-20 romp over duke in the gator bowl

jacksonville, fla. — jaxson dart's final college pass was a 69-yard touchdown that got him chewed out by coach lane kiffin on the sideline.




















        
        
            hunter and haggerty lead no. 21 memphis to 90-62 win at florida atlantic

boca raton, fla. — tyrese hunter scored 20 points and pj haggerty added 19 as no. 21 memphis beat florida atlantic 90-62 on thursday night in the american athletic conference opener for both teams.




















        
        
            saturday's bowl games

orlando, fla. — it was a season of iowa state comebacks. and fittingly, that’s how it ended for the cyclones.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









contributor








        
        
            8 corporate leaders explain how to prepare your business for tax season

contributor content. learn how to best prepare for tax season with advice from business experts. 












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            beyond valentine’s day: top 8 ways to celebrate your significant other all month

content by liv hospitality. embrace the month of love in full force with extra quality time with your special someone.












sponsored








        
        
            how to keep your new year’s resolutions in 2025 when traveling

content by liv hospitality. whether you have your sights set on healthy eating, staying active or improving your sleep habits, don’t let your goals fall by the wayside when life gets busy.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            splash of color photography



                                        708 jennings ave, hot springs, sd 57747
                                    



 website






















        
        
            best bet lawn care



                                        7050 freedom ln apt 205, summerset, sd 57718
                                    






























        
        
            wintz & ray funeral home



                                        2901 douglas ave, yankton, sd 57078
                                    



 website







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


chadron record

northern hills

elevate magazine

get healthy




services


become a member

contact us

place an ad

activate full access

email updates

become a carrier

dealer returns

work here

licensing

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        rapid city journal, 507 main street rapid city, sd 57701
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























