







canadian home & country magazine

































































canadian home & country




 
 




toggle navigation






home
contact

 






breaking news


 may 21, 2024 neuralink’s first patient: transformative impact and technical challenges
 march 25, 2023 stunning northern lights in southern ontario – a spectacular sight
 june 13, 2020 how to clean laminate floors without streaking

















neuralink’s first patient: transformative impact and technical challenges


 may 21, 2024
news
technology


neuralink, a brain technology company started by elon musk, is making news with its first human implant. this technology, designed to help people with paralysis control digital devices using their thoughts, has shown both promising results and some technical issues. noland arbaugh, the first person to get the neuralink brain implant, has shared how it…



read more 










stunning northern lights in southern ontario – a spectacular sight


 march 25, 2023
news


residents of southern ontario were treated to a breathtaking display of the northern lights, or aurora borealis, on saturday night. the natural phenomenon, which is caused by solar particles colliding with the earth’s magnetic field, illuminated the night sky with an array of vivid colours, such as green, red, and purple. the rare sight was…



read more 










how to clean laminate floors without streaking


 june 13, 2020
blog


are you wondering about how to clean laminate floors to keep their dignity intact? well, the best idea is to clean them frequently using the right tools and methods. laminate floors deserve special attention and care because they take a great number of hits in our houses. they need to deal with all the dust,…



read more 




 



search for:









disclaimer amazon.ca disclosure: as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases.

 




             | powered by wordpress | theme by thebootstrapthemes




















