



dan kegel's web hostel



dan kegel's web hostel




environment

local california climate action plans - 
because google currently only finds an out of date list, here's a link to the latest
los angeles street light efficiency - about half are leds now, what about the rest?
oil well emissions - the problem and what people are doing about it
burt rutan and climate change - mostly just about one fact he got wrong
local climate tax cuts - aka revenue-neutral carbon taxes.  could introducing them at the local
level break the stalemate?
climate change and los angeles --
what it is, and what we can do about it.  an evolving presentation.

games

a grownup's guide to minecraft and writing minecraft mods
using minecraft mods -- for those who
already know how to use minecraft
mech2.org - forum and discord for mechwarrior 2 fans

speed

nt vs. linux server benchmark data
- summaries of results of recent benchmarks comparing nt and linux
on mindcraft's april 1999 benchmarks - 
beyond the fud and the hype, mindcraft's results reveal a performance issue in
apache running on linux.
the c10k problem - why can't johnny serve 10000 clients?
poller - thin oo wrapper around select(), poll(), /dev/poll, /dev/epoll, kqueue(), etc.
dkftpbench - ftp benchmark program
dkcorbabench - corba benchmark program
ssl/tls - ssl apis and ssl accelerators
updated example code for unix network programming, volume 1 
- my patches to try to add linux support to the examples in richard stevens' classic book

linux resources

crossplatform development tips - for isvs who want to ship on all three major desktop platforms (windows, mac os x, and linux)
hunting the wily hp linux laptop, or, why hp's not going to be able to sell many of these via their web site
intro to embedded linux programming, or, embedded linux programming is easy
spell-checking the linux kernel
network booting with pxe
network storage for universities or, "gee, looks like openldap+openafs+kerberos+ntp is the way to go for campus-wide authentication and network file service"
short notes i've written about learning and using linux
los angeles linux user groups

advocacy

notes from the osdl desktop linux architects meeting
towards linux desktop comfort or, why doesn't johnny run linux
how to contribute to open source projects
the case for linux in universities
corporate ethics -- a look at what kind of ethical statements are online at big companies like microsoft, ibm, and hp
on the remedy phase of the microsoft antitrust trial
openoffice needs you! -- how you can help make a high-quality free office suite a reality.
leave windows behind - but bring your apps with you - an introduction to the wine project (talk for cebit 2009)
the wine qa project -- how to help the wine project, even if you can't program
software engineering with wine -- lab projects for cs students
how to run lotus notes on linux with wine
california's proposed energy efficiency standard for televisions - who's for it, who's against it, where to go from here

misc technical

validating email with dkim - check whether an email is forged or genuine
finding memory bugs in win32 applications with valgrind - valgrind's not just for unix anymore
that time again: buying a new computer in 2008,
2010,
2011,
2014, and
2015.
buying a new laptop in 2015 -
$600 for an entry-level gaming laptop, dual-booted between windows and
linux
how much ram does windows xp need? (quick answer: more than 256mb)
openoffice 1.1.1 changes - a quick look at what's fixed in openoffice 1.1.1
openoffice 2.0 issue overview - a quick look at what's left to do in openoffice 2.0
digital cameras (especially the canon powershot a40)
open source friendly phones with cameras - want to take pictures with java on your phone?
linux heap contention in free(), by david boreham - 
a preliminary patch for glibc version 2.2.4 to improve malloc() performance on smp systems.
building a binutils/gcc/glibc cross-development
toolchain really from scratch for a large subset of 
gcc-{2.95.3, 3.2.3, 3.3} x glibc-{2.2.2, 2.2.5, 2.3.2} x {alpha, arm, cris, i686, ia64, mips, ppc750, ppc405, sh4, sparc, s390}.

gcc's -fstack-check option - tips for slimming down thread stacks
gprof and glibc - workarounds for glibc's
problems profiling multithreaded programs and programs with more than
64000 or so symbols.
khttpd patches - a patch for a khttpd stability problem
getting started with php and mysql on pair.com
- notes to help beginners get a quick start developing active web pages
at my favorite hosting site
anet - a peer-to-peer network game programming library i wrote while at activision; used to ship quite a few games
extreme programming - why all my code has unit tests
my corba presentation and accompanying resources
remote debugging with gdb
snmp resources, including fsubagent, a helper library for ucd-snmp
a cheesy tool to log egroups chat sessions
using cvs to manage a web site
security for web developers
interesting bugs in netscape 4.7x
ip addresses ending in .255
can cause odd routing problems - just say no
name mangling in c++
nansi.sys: a cool ms-dos console driver; versions 3.4 and later released under the  gnu public license.  still used in some embedded systems and by the freedos project.
a few notes on java
c++, c, and assembly language tutorials
origin and properties of the bow and arrow -- a use case for the web, from "as we may think"
dan and liz's solar retrofit -- we went solar, here's what we did and how it turned out
dan & liz's 2nd solar retrofit: this time it's about carbon

community

los angeles city council file system index
guerilla guide to nurturing new
trees in los angeles - how i kept our street's new trees alive
visiting los angeles -- or, hotels we have known and loved (or not)
los angeles transportation issues
issues with bre's wilshire / la brea development
los angeles is bankrupt, and its streets are in tatters. what to do?
using video cameras to catch taggers and thieves - with mixed results

politics

horowitz vs. gore - 
horowitz's essay "why we went to war in iraq" picks three
points made by al gore in "the assault on reason", and 
claims to disprove them.  in this page, i do a little fact-checking
on gore's three claims to see if they hold up (it seems they do, and
horowitz seems to be wrong.)

health

hpv-related cancer prevention and treatment - why to vaccinate against hpv, when to test for hpv, research on hpv cures
smallpox - since some folks say the vaccine
didn't work, i had a look.
typing considered harmful - tips on
dealing with typing pain

professional

my resume -- for the curious only; i'm happily employed
internship opportunities -- wanna code?
change the world! -- my weak attempt at a poster advertizing my internship in los angeles
how to get hired -- advice for budding software engineers

personal

caring for your introvert
my university home page

old resource pages
most of these are in dire need of updating, but may still be useful.

dan kegel's isdn page 
- all you ever wanted to know about isdn, but were afraid to ask
dan kegel's adsl page 
- lots of info about adsl, and other ~1 mbit/sec phone line technologies
dan kegel's fast ethernet page 
- lots of info about fast ethernet aka 100baset, and other ~100mbit/sec technologies
dan kegel's fast hard drives page -- lots of info about
the kind of hard drives that make fast workstations sing 

other kegels in the world

the kegel company - bowling equipment, florida, usa
kegel motorcycle co. - harley dealership, rockford, il, usa
kegel's produce - groceries, lancaster, pa, usa
kegel bootsimport - boat engines and equipment, hamburg, germany



comments and corrections welcome.  contact the author at: dank at kegel.com

copyright 1996-2015, dan kegel



