







equestriansingles.com official website | dating, friends, riding buddies





























registering account



creating account...






















email address

did you mean ?


zip or postal code

did you mean ?



i am a woman looking for a man
i am a man looking for a woman
i am a man looking for a man
i am a woman looking for a woman



enter your age here

did you mean ?


create a password

did you mean ?



connect for free



i certify that i am over 18 and have read and accepted theterms of service.by creating an account you will receive updates and notifications.

sign inforgot your password?





what is equestriansingles?
equestriansingles.com is the original online dating site and community for horse lovers. launched in 2001, equestrian singles is now the most recognized dating service worldwide. every month, more than 1000 new singles join our growing web site forming a global community of singles who share common goals – whether to find roping partners, share their love of rodeo, polo, horse racing, barrel racing, dressage, hunter jumper, endurance, breeding, cutting, reining, team roping, cowboy mounted shooting, cowboy action shooting...the list is endless. looking to take an equestrian vacation, or to meet other horse lovers, equine singles, western singles, country singles, cowboy sweethearts, or find that country match, or other single equestrians? this is the site to do it. create your own free profile on our site for single equestrians right now!


about us
equestriansingles.com was started in 2001 by two horse owners who recognized the need for a network of like minded people around the world, and later acquired by farmersonly.com which now has over 8 million members. jerry miller, the founder of farmersonly, has been studying and working on online dating for 15 years. through countless conversations with people from all walks of life, jerry observed that singles would much rather join a dating site where all the members are like-minded and can relate to their unique situations and interests. why? because it can save them a tremendous amount of time and lead to greater success. equestrian singles has been featured on the oprah winfrey show and is the leader in equestrian social networking.





equestriansingles.com


an error has occured!







about usterms of serviceprivacy policyfrequently asked questions

equestriansingles.com © 2002-2025 all rights reserved.
equestriansingles® does not conduct background checks on the members or subscribers of this website.




