



 










home page - gfa




















































 




members
events
resources
leadership
news
contact
login
join today
 





where fabricators & suppliers connect

join today





upcoming event
learn more here.


gfa spring 2025 meeting
march 26-28, 2025
the westin cape coral resort at marina village
cape coral, florida






meet
network
learn





make connections that matter with the people who understand.
the gasket fabricators association (gfa) is an energetic and forward-thinking trade association comprised of organizations of all sizes who are involved in the converting/fabricating industry. our membership of fabricators, and suppliers, supporting the converting/fabricating industry, benefit from insights, tailored learning opportunities, collaborative discussions, and valuable live networking. the gfa is where the converting/fabricating industry’s leaders and managers come together to be inspired and spark ideas about innovation, sustainability, and growth.
join today


 





develop and strengthen important connections with major fabricators and suppliers.
with the gfa, you will have regular and significant forums to develop and strengthen important connections with major fabricators and suppliers in the industry, to learn from your peers as you share successes and insights about common business issues, and to collaborate with other members both at and between meetings.
join today


 





get the latest information from industry experts.
as a member, you will receive timely and relevant industry information that may help you solve a problem or develop your next big idea. you will also have access to intelligence, research, and the latest technologies through the gfa’s ever-growing library of industry resources, technical webinars, expert presenters at gfa meetings, and techteam™, a group of industry professionals who quickly research and answer your toughest questions (offered in collaboration with the international association of diecutting and diemaking).
why work alone when the gfa can be at your side? explore our membership options now!
join today


 










 



semi-annual meetings

attending gfa meetings is one of the most valuable benefits of membership, and it provides priceless opportunities to connect with top quality fabricators and suppliers, learn from industry experts, solve problems, and have fun doing it.

held in the spring and fall of each year, the gfa’s semi-annual meetings feature a supplier expo, technical and business presentations, discussion forums, and plenty of opportunities to connect and exchange ideas.

learn more





 



gasketing/converting expo

the g/c expo is a biennial event presented by the gfa. it has become the highlight of our gathering schedule, and it provides a unique and valuable opportunity for fabricators and suppliers alike.
learn more








disaster recovery program

the gfa is very proud to offer a disaster recovery program, which allows regular (fabricator) members to benefit from knowing that in the event of a disaster, their businesses will be protected, and their customers will continue to have their product and service needs met. in the event of a disaster, this program will help you maintain business continuity and jumpstart recovery by giving you quick access to fellow gfa members whose capabilities best match what you may need.
learn more



 







why should you join the gfa?




 technical resources
do not operate in a vacuum. with a deep resource library full of content, you will find the answers to your questions in a convenient, downloadable format that lets you put them to work immediately.  

 discussion forums
interaction and collaboration are pillars of the gfa, and at each of our meetings, we offer a variety of sessions that give members a chance to discuss the industry’s most pressing issues. 

 ceo luncheon
join other c-suite executives and decision makers in a relaxed setting to share insights, hear from other industry leaders, and get a broader perspective on issues and opportunities.  





what our members are saying





“because of gfa relationships, pgc has grown by millions of dollars. we can call upon gfa members to help us solve problems and satisfy customers more rapidly than alone.”


steve hanson
pgc
 


“gfa offers a great support system for the challenges businesses face and an excellent opportunity to share best practices, insights, and perspectives.”  


petra schaefer
adhesive applications
 


“the gfa is a group of the most knowledgeable and friendly people in the industry. the contacts we have made over the years have become invaluable resources.”


gary guzek
sealing devices
 




take the next step forward – join the gfa!

we can do more together than we can apart. sign up now and start reaping the benefits of the collaboration, knowledge, and networking that only the gfa can provide.

join today


contact us

for all inquiries, please contact the gfa office using the below form.








contact us (active)







name
        *




email
        *




phone
        *




subject
        *








  
 i would like to speak with a current gfa member.



message
        





captcha
        





submit






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				





δ








 











                994 old eagle school rd., suite 1019
                wayne, pa 19087
info@gasketfab.com
                610-971-4850






                managed by: 
                © 2025 gasket fabricators, all rights reserved
            














