









westminster village retirement community in muncie, in






























































































  
















news
newsletter
chaplain’s corner
fact vs myth
employment
covid info
schedule a tour today! (765) 288-2155 


home
about

overview
history
leadership / management team
frequently asked questions
memberships/affiliations


live well with us

residential retirement apartments
assisted living

essex square
neighborhoods


health center for long term care
coopervista rehabilitation
floor plans (pdf)
our brochure (pdf)


lifestyle

our community
dining services
events & activities
wellness programs
safety & emergency preparation
village voice newsletter


testimonials
village foundation, inc.
contact
search




menu


menu

 






a tradition of excellence
since 1974


there are many options for senior living in muncie, in and surrounding communities, so before you make a choice please consider westminster village as you may be able to live for less in safe & secure surroundings.





studio kitchenette apartment



learn more!

1 bedroom full kitchen apartment
model designed & furnished
by gill brothers furniture


learn more!

2 bedroom combo  kitchenette apartment
model designed & furnished
by interstate 69 furniture


learn more!




more than you ever expected…
      for less than you ever imagined!

no move-in fee, no entry fee, no deposit or community fee for any apartment!
imagine the comforts of a maintenance-free, stress-free home in a residential or assisted living apartment!
enjoy three meals a day in one of our dining rooms.
amenities including activities, body fitness classes, educational & social programs, quality entertainment, on-site bank, library, door-to-door local transportation, assorted games, holiday parties, bible study & more.
offering a variety of floor plans including full kitchens.
try a studio kitchenette, 3 meals a day ($2,666 a month)
select a one-bedroom full kitchen ($2,458 a month)

before you make a decision on a senior living community make sure to take one of our tours – it’s more affordable than you think!



contact us at (765) 288-2155 to schedule a tour.





residential retirement apartments
where you can discover, experience, grow, enjoy and live life in balance!

assisted living neighborhood
the independence you want with the services you need.

health center for long term care
care, compassion and peace of mind for quality of life.

coopervista rehabilitation
medicare certified private rooms with state-of-the-art therapy gym for an earlier return home.


learn more about our health center & coopervista rehab


download our brochureto be a part of our westminster village team

we are always looking for great employees to be part our westminster village team.  if you or someone you know is looking for a position please complete an online application, print and mail or stop by in person to apply.


apply nowlearn more about everything at westminster village


download our brochure

                                                     

            our mission
westminster village provides fulfilling life services and excellent continuing care empowering residents to experience an exceptional quality of life.
our core values

compassionate care & security
respond to residents’ needs promptly and courteously. adapt services to meet residents’ choices and changing needs. provide a safe environment for everyone’s peace of mind.
integrity & transparency
treat every resident with utmost respect while upholding their dignity. be considerate to all residents and visitors.
accountability & stewardship
maintain a stable, financially sound, independent organization.

our vision
westminster village will be a premier continuing care retirement community where a professional staff exceeds residents’ expectations by providing quality services and care within a distinctive environment.


learn more...

what our residents and others are saying about us





we moved to westminster village on june 6th, 2018 and it has been a very positive experience. free movies and popcorn on friday – what more could you ask for?! we have made many new friends and renewed old friendships. you can choose to keep to yourself, or participate in many activities. transportation is available for ball state activities, community events, and shopping. our daughter and son both live in california and are greatly relieved to know we are “safe and warm.” we feel like this is the place for us to be at this time.
joan and dick mckee
we wanted to move to where it would be safe for both of us, all maintenance and care would be provided, and a place where progressive medical care was available, within minutes. we also wanted a place where we could continue to enjoy independent living, more freedom, and access to all the locations and events we had been attending for decades. every night, when we go to dinner, we can sit with both old and new friends, where we exchange stories from our past lives.
ben and pat bennett
we love living here with so many friends and colleagues we’ve known through our church and ball state and we’ve met so many new friends.  after taken care of our parents’ homes in other cities and states, we didn’t want to put that burden on our girls since they all live away from muncie. westminster village was the perfect solution for us.
norm and joyce beck
my wife, twila, and i moved to westminster village five years ago, november. after some checking around, we thought westminster seemed to offer many things, like church services and other amenities, such as the bank, beauty shop, etc., that we were used to when we lived at home.
max rawlings
we moved to westminster village three years ago because we wanted to participate fully in the life here while we were able.  we wanted a community that would meet our needs now and in the future.  when we made the decision, we did a cost analysis and found westminster to be surprisingly affordable.  during covid restrictions, the staff have made heroic efforts to keep us safe and healthy.  we are grateful to be here and doubly grateful we came when we could enjoy all the amenities.
ron and sandy mixell
i know that someday i will need for my care to be up graded and it is all here for me at westminster.  i would tell anyone looking for a wonderful place to live, look no further, you have found it her because the people living at westminster, and those working here, are the kindest and best!
george eppard
because of our age and health issues, a decision was made to downsize and simplify our life. marilyn’s mother lived at westminster for twenty-two years and had very positive experience. she passed away just three months shy of her 100th birthday. being familiar with life at westminster, we naturally considered it a strong possibility. our children agreed.
bob and marilyn smitson
my husband, john, and i moved into westminster village about one and a half years ago. i wish we had made the move sooner because by the time we moved here, john’s mobility had deteriorated to the point, he needed to be in the skilled nursing level instead of living in the apartment with me. living under the same roof though, we were still able to spend the days visiting and eating our meals together. we looked at one other facility in muncie but just didn’t like it as well as westminster.
fran constant

   

about westminster village is a not-for-profit community serving senior adults in east central indiana. established in 1974, westminster village is located on 65 beautifully landscaped rural acres just outside muncie, indiana. 
contactwestminster village
5801 w. bethel avenue
phone: (765) 288-2155
email: info@wvmuncie.com 
schedule a tour









recent posts


chaplain’s corner: volume cxcv


chaplain’s corner: volume cxciv


chaplain’s corner: volume cxcii


chaplain’s corner: volume cxci


chaplain’s corner: cxc


the village voice





© copyright  westminster village. all rights reserved.   from the studio of farmhouse creative.






scroll to top












































