





animal actor's of hollywood, inc. – official website













































skip to content







 





main menu




homeabout uscredit listanimalsmenu toggle

dogs cats birds barnyard wildlife
additional servicescontact us 

 
 





















the original 



animal actors 



of hollywood 



we have been supplying the entertainment industry for 50 years with professionally trained animals. during this time we have owned, trained or worked with almost every type of animal, bird, or reptile you can imagine. this history and experience gives us the ability to know first hand what it will take to accomplish what you need. there is no project too large or too small.  






contact us




















 













learn more about our story... 




					animal actors of hollywood has been in business since 1970. that means we've been supplying the entertainment industry with professionally trained animals for 50 years! with our long history we know what we need to accomplish for any given task. simply reach out to us explaining what you need an animal for, and we'll take care of it from there! we love eliminating all the stress involved in locating animal actors for our clients.				











learn more


































our animals 






































 


dogs 

					we are proud of our trained dogs. they have appeared in many movies, television shows, and commercials.				





















 


cats 

					here are just some of our cats.  they have a long list of accomplishments.				





















 


birds 

					we have birds in all sizes and colors. please call us to talk about the action you require or if you do not see what you are looking for. 				



























 


barnyard 

					we can provide a variety of barnyard animals. contact us if you do not see what you are looking for.				





















 


wildlife 

					there are many kinds of wildlife available. give us a call to discuss what is possible.				






























our credit list 

					take a look at the projects our animals have appeared in.				




 
view list




















 

 


for further inquiries call  (805) 495-2122(805) 497-1238 

					we have been supplying the entertainment industry for 50 years with professionally trained animals. during this time we have owned, trained or worked with almost every type of animal, bird, or reptile you can imagine. this history and experience gives us the ability to know first hand what it will take to accomplish what you need. there is no project too large or too small.				

























 







scroll to top



















