







harry cassidy – downriver’s top selling agent 29 years in a row











































facebookinstagramtwitterpinterestover 25 years of experience * integrity * professionalismharry cassidy downriver's top selling agent 29 years in a row * helping you buy and sell downriver real estate 


home
search
buyers

search for properties
featured listings
mortgage calculator
free reports for home buyers
short video tips for getting ready to buy
short video to help you understand the market
today’s interest rates


sellers

request to list your home with harry
harry cassidy sold properties
request a home evaluation
harry’s marketing plan
9 critical questions to ask your realtor
preparing your home for sale
free reports for home sellers
short video to help you price your home correctly


about us

testimonials
why harry?


contact us
search




menu


menu

 






downriver’s top selling agent 29 years in a rowhelping you buy and sell downriver real estateover 25 years experienceintegrityprofessionalism* over 25 years experience * integrity * professionalism *previousnext123456

ready to sell?

ratings & reviews?




harry cassidy is a local real estate sales leader. as the downriver area’s top selling agent from 1998 – 2023 (in the top 1% of realtors in the country 29 years in a row!) he knows exactly what it takes to get the job done for you. over 25 years of experience selling homes with integrity and professionalism coupled with a comprehensive marketing plan and his 100% satisfaction guarantee/easy exit listing – makes choosing harry to market your home the logical choice.



harry’s sold homes
see some of harry’s sold homes in all of the downriver communities.

daily real estate news
updated daily real estate information and news.

realtor & hour magazines
harry ranked among the top 150 in the country and top 5% in metro detroit!

harry’s
blog
catch up with harry’s daily blogs on real estate news.



9 critical questions to ask your realtorreal estate agents are not all created equal! you must be careful when selecting an agent to market your home and represent your best interests. you should know the track record of the agent who is going to take care of what for most people is their largest investment – their home. be sure to ask the agent you’re considering to list your home these 9 critical questions  to see who will be able to do the most for you!






watch this short video to help you understand
the market




new listing alert
receive email updates on new downriver homes.
get listing alerts!

property worth?
request a valuation of your downriver property
find your homes worth!

moving?
click here to get started buying
or selling.
moving in the next 6 months?

   

contact us harry cassidy
7614 allen rd
allen park, mi 48101
direct: 313-927-0704
email: harry@harrycassidy.com

companysitemaphome
search downriver homes
home buyers
home sellers
about us
testimonials
mortgage calculator
harry’s marketing plan
new listing alerts
what’s my property worth?
moving in the next 6 months?
contact us
quick featuresharry’s media
realtor magazine
rss articles (blog)
current interest rates
easy exit listing/100% –satisfaction guarantee






@ copyright 2023 - harry cassidy - enfold wordpress theme by kriesi
facebookinstagramtwitterpinteresthome
search
buyers
sellers
about us
contact us







scroll to top












