

long island caterer and gift baskets - elegant eating, long island, 
christmas party caterer, holiday, corporate and new year's eve party catering in 
suffolk county, nassau county, off site caterers, long island wedding and 
engagement part 














































 
 
 
   
		














 
		


valentine's day dinner menu 
		& valentine's day 
		gifts


our 
		latest newsletter


write or read reviews
		about elegant eating



popular
        pages 

catering menu / price list




photos of favorite dishes
		from elegant eating's menu
    

photo
        gallery



wedding catering


sample party menus

   
		
helpful links
  
		

heating directions
   


preparing
        for your party
   
		
 site map
   






 e-mail 
				this to a friend




 





would you like to join our mailing list ?



   









  
		




  
		









   
 






		your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.
		


call (631) 360-2211 to 
		order great food for 
		your party, corporate event, business or special event
		(including valentine's day, wedding, engagement party, bridal shower, baby shower, office party, graduation party, birthday party and retirement party)



























 








				"like" us on facebook (below) to receive
		great recipes and other inspirational 
		cooking & entertaining tips.

elegant eating




































 











 



        elegant eating - long island caterers and gift basketslocated in smithtown 
		(formerly of stony brook), new york- elegant eating has been offering high-quality,
        beautifully presented catered food and gift baskets since 1985. 


catering:
        elegant eating is known all over long island (suffolk county and nassau 
		county) for helping to make 
        special events into exquisite affairs tailored to their clients' 
        requests.  their impeccable standards with regard to high-quality 
        food, presentation and service have made them one of the leading 
        off-site long island caterers.  they are happy to cater to your 
        needs, whether you are looking for a simple lunch or an extravagant 
        wedding, their professional party planners will work with you to satisfy 
        your needs and budget. please call (631) 360-2211 for a copy of their 
        catering video.  they are often praised as the best wedding caterer 
        in the area.       


planning a corporate 
		event, wedding, bar mitzvah,  bat mitzvah, baby shower, new baby, 
		retirement party, bridal shower, birthday party, anniversary party, 
		christmas party, chanukah / hanukkah party,  or any other special occasion? feel free to call and speak with one of our experienced party planners.  
		we are more than happy to answer any questions that you have.
elegant eating's 
        lunch packages are very
        popular with pharmaceutical reps,  local offices, schools and hospitals and
        they  enable
        many people to experience elegant eating's delicious food at work.


gift
        baskets:
        by popular demand, elegant eating is making their unique gift baskets available online.  elegantly decorated and filled
        with high-quality gourmet products, these gift baskets make fantastic
        gifts. you can purchase a  holiday gift basket, christmas gift 
		basket, hanukkah gift basket, mother's day gift basket, corporate gift basket, new baby gift
        basket, thank you gift basket, sympathy gift basket, customized gift
        basket, office party gift basket and more!
you can visit their location in
        smithtown on route 347, just east of the watermill and west of stony 
		brook.  
        there you will find an amazing seasonal selection of gift baskets and products,
        including a gift basket consultant who will be happy to creatively
        design a basket according to your specifications. 
		(the largest selection of gift 
		basket items is available through the christmas / hanukkah holidays - 
		november through december.)

                                                  
~ elegant eating ~
tel: (631) 360-2211
              fax:
              (631) 360-2212
 
 

e-mail us
 
location
739 smithtown bypass
              (route 347)
              smithtown, ny 11787
click
        here for directions.

 



store hours
call 
				(631) 360-2211
				  
				    
  
                view / sign guestbook
 



 


google+ 





      

            © 2001 - 2025  elegant eating. 
            all rights reserved.

            web site designed and maintained by reinfeld
            designs.





 


          


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































