












welcome to galway city council























      skip to main content
    





englishgaeilge
























services



menu







main navigation


news


maps


feedback










search













services menu


active travel


all services


arts and culture


business and economy


climate action


community


environment


finance


heritage and conservation


housing


human resources


leisure and recreation


libraries


planning


roads and transport


urbanism and public realm


water


your council

















 











































 



                  pay for it
      










 



                  apply for it
      



















 



                  report it
      

























 



                  book it
      

















online planning enquiry systemvacanciesparking in galway cityrecycling centre




parking finesplanninglatest newssocial housingaffordable housing




road closuresregister of electorscommercial ratescouncil and mayor


















all services

searchable index of services and functions on this site, organised in accordance with the irish services catalogue.
view all services

















salthill village and seafront framework plan
galway city council, supported by urban design and engagement specialists, allies and morrison, is launching an exciting project to explore local priorities to help shape the future of salthill village and seafront. 
throughout 2025, the project team will be out and about in salthill and getting in touch with local community, business and leisure groups. this is an opportunity to  share your views on what you love about salthill and what improvements can be made to the area.  
more...



 

























 









galway city – your council: new episodes!

galway city council is delighted to introduce six of our highly experienced staff in series two of the ‘galway city – your council’ podcast.
 
read more...














 









update: affordable housing scheme garraí na sailí - now open!

burkeway homes proudly presents 8 new homes for sale at garraí na sailí, letteragh road, galway. four no. 2 bed and four no. 3 bed duplex homes are being made available for sale in partnership with galway city council.
read more...
















latest news








 






roads to be public roads - church lane, knocknacarra


13 february 2025
roads to be public roads
in accordance with the provision of the roads act, 1993, galway city council hereby give notice of its intention to consider the making of a declaration that the roads listed hereunder be public roads. this matter will be considered by the said council at a meeting to be held not earlier than 7th april, 2025.





 






temporary closing of roads  roads act 1993 – section 75  roads regulations 1994 - article 12 notice of intention - mary street


13 february 2025
notice is hereby given that galway city council proposes to make an order closing:
mary street: from the junction of mary street and bowling green to the junction of mary street and st. francis street.





 






temporary closing of roads  roads act 1993 – section 75  roads regulations 1994 - article 12 notice of decision - gaol road


13 february 2025
notice is hereby given that galway city council has made an order closing:
gaol road: gaol road west and the gaol road east to west link.































group




























 

get in touch
for general inquiries, we’re available mon – fri: 9am – 4pm(excluding public holidays, bank holidays and good friday)
address:galway city council,city hall, college road,galway,h91 x4k8.
phone: +353 91 536 400 
email: customerservice@galwaycity.ie
media queries: communications@galwaycity.ie
















 follow us on twitter




 follow us on facebook




 follow us on instagram




 follow us on linkedin




 follow us on youtube





powered by localgov drupal
















footer


accessibility


contact


cookies


pay gap report


privacy
















