


























tasty catering | catering chicago il since 1989





















































skip to main content





 
x icon



savor the taste of the big easy with our festive mardi gras menu, bringing the flavors of bourbon street straight to your plate!















events

special events
picnics
weddings


delivery
menus
venues
about

company
team
careers


 
phone icon


		 847.593.2000start planning 


















need catering?
tasty always delivers
chicago catering starts with tasty. from delivery to amazing events and weddings—our expert team is here to make your life easier and tastier. try tasty, and see why thousands of chicagoans partner with us for their most important events.


start planning










												weddings					

your wedding should be an amazing experience every step of the way. from our first conversation, our team of wedding pros is here to help you enjoy more and stress less.

explore weddings




												special events					

with tasty’s easy planning and full-service approach catering, we’ll make your next event the best one yet. see why chicago’s best choose tasty for their most important events.

explore events




												delivery					

tired of sub par delivery? try tasty catering. our team is 100% dedicated to professional catering. from ten meals to thousands, we deliver your made-to-order meals on time, as ordered, every time.

get delivery
















event experts
always here for you
first event? planning pro? at tasty, we make events easy with our full-service approach to catering. from menu design to decor and event production, we sweat the details so you don’t have to.  the first step is to contact a tasty event designer, who will answer all your questions and guide you every step of the way.
we’re sure you have questions, and we’re here to help.
start planning







“

		food, service, communication and professionalism was top tier.	



google logo





















		sarah g	














why tasty?
you’ll feel like a planning pro
event planning can be… a lot. with so many details, guests, and vendors, it’s easy to feel overwhelmed—tasty to the rescue! our team of event pros is here to make you look, and feel, like a planning professional. simply tell us your vision, and your expert event designer will bring your vision to life. it’s really that easy.
start planning










get started with planning
we’re here to answer all your questions and guide you every step of the way.

start planning

 
phone icon


		 847.593.2000





“

		we are so grateful to everyone at tasty catering that made such an important and lasting contribution to our wedding day. 	



the knot logo


		cashie y, married 2023	
 







			200+ 5 star reviews on google, weddingwire and the knot.		







 
phone icon



call us
847.593.2000



 member






 let's connect

 
instagram logo



 
facebook logo



 
pinterest logo









menus
locations
ideas & advice
about
contact



				©2025 tasty catering ·
										privacy ·
										accessibility statement ·
								site by nuphoriq












