







ipm institute - ipm institute

































































































ipm institute
about us

our approach
about the ipm institute
our team


branches

sustainable food group
sustainable communities group


services & certifications

sustainability standard
apple talk
green shield certified
see more


ipm symposium
 

donate  






























ipm institute

supporting sustainability efforts in agriculture & communities since 1998.


learn more 














 about us
committed to community & agriculture


we have more than 25 years of experience in integrated pest management (ipm) and reducing pesticide use and risks. anticipating a growing demand for sustainability programs that go beyond a focus on ipm, our focus expanded over the years to encompass a broad range of agricultural sustainability issues. our work grew to include partnerships and projects with food and agricultural companies along the supply chain, from growers to packers and processors to retailers.
our work includes a range of projects to increase practices that improve working conditions, reduce greenhouse gases, improve air quality, water quality and soil health and reduce risks to health and the environment from pesticide and nutrient use in agriculture and communities.




25+
years of experience




8
awards of excellence


























 our branches
we turn ideas into action




sustainable food group 

											sustainable food group (sfg) focuses on a broad range of sustainability and agricultural issues to help food and agriculture companies create high impact sustainability goals, assess and decrease pesticide risks across the supply chain, implement regenerative agriculture and more.											
 learn more






sustainable communities group 

											sustainable communities group (scg) promotes and implements sustainable and safer pest and weed management practices where people live, learn and play. we work with pest management providers, facilities as well as park and school districts.											
 learn more
















 our services & certifications
growing sustainability in agriculture & communities



 view all










pesticide risk tool
the pesticide risk tool (prt) estimates the risk of negative impacts of pesticide applications.










specialty crop grower services
provides technical assistance to apple and stone fruit producers interested in using the latest strategies to sustainably manage crop pests.










ecoapple
the northeast eco apple project qualifies participating growers using a set of mandatory standards for ecological production in the northeast.










truearth certified
this protocol has been developed to achieve measurable reductions in the use of high-toxicity pesticides.










green shield certified
accredits providers of effective, prevention-based pest control while minimizing the use of pesticides.










sustainability standard
the sustainability standard meaningfully addresses a broad range of areas related to sustainable agriculture.










appletalk
a weekly call that supports sustainable and organic apple producers throughout the growing season.















 defining our path
the national ipm roadmap definition


 learn more





integrated pest management (ipm) is a sustainable, science-based, decision-making process that combines biological, cultural, physical and chemical tools to identify, manage and reduce risk from pests and pest management tools and strategies in a way that minimizes overall economic, health and environmental risks.
agricultural ipm and community ipm differ in many ways but share the same basic principles of prevention, monitoring, careful analysis of risk and risk-reduction.









												key practices in agricultural ipm												










												key practices in community ipm												














 get involved
help create sustainable change








make a donation

your contribution will support our work to reduce pest and pesticide risks in agriculture and communities.


 pay now








make a one-time payment

										our staff are available to help you with your sustainability questions and goals.									

 pay now





be a part of change

										our staff are available to help you with your sustainability questions and goals.									

 contact




























quick links

about us
services & certifications
what is ipm?
contact us






resources

news & events
jobs
faqs
resources
privacy policy






contact us




211 s. paterson st., ste 380madison, wisconsin 53703





email
*protected email*





phone
608-232-1410















© 2025 ipm institute of north america. all rights reserved.






website  by: s-fx small business solutions






























