


















mount'n mover | independence within reach!






















skip to main content









 


mount'n mover



search

who we helpend usersdme resellersvets and vasaac companiesschoolsat professionalsproductsmountspow!r mountswheelchair hardwaretable optionsuniversal access kitfloor standspostsdevice attachmentstrayseval kitsphone solutionsreplacement partsprice list msrp 2024supportmount mentor sheetstep-by-step guidehow it worksoffset optionsmounting overviewtable optionseye gazefloor standsdevice attachmentspeech devices12″ x 12″ tray12″ x 16″ tray with lipcamera attachmentitab tray (for tablets and ipads)laptop trayphonequick release platestand + 90universal rotatorhow-to videosjoint release adjustmentwarranty and servicewarranty and service informationmount'n mover limited warrantylocate your serial numbersafety and maintenancewarranty registrationservice requestscleaning/disinfecting your mount'n moverresourcescatalog remote learningproduct postcardfaqmounting multi devicesdocumentationfind a resellermounting guidestry onefundingrationale and justificationfor therapistsprice list msrpcommunityuser stories and videoseventsvirtual booth product demoannual assistive technology conference / closing the gapnews and announcementsdianne goodwin retires, company purchasednewsletter archiveabout uscontact ushistorymade in the usapapers and researchsearch

















    sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
  

gain a new level of independence with the wheelchair mount that moves
 





why every wheelchair needs our movable mounttypical wheelchair mounts don't move. you’re trapped behind a static barrier until help arrives 
        to remove it for you so you can do something else. mount'n mover sets you free to do more on your 
        own. move it aside easily to transfer, wash, eat, or socialize eye-to-eye. position multiple devices 
        yourself to talk, text, work or study. our movable mount frees up family and caregivers, too. 





watch mount'n mover open up new worldswhat would you like to do, right now? with mount'n mover, you can be spontaneous. 
        our movable wheelchair mounting system opens up a world of possibilities.sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. 





more ways to move mountainsto empower people to do more, we're holistic, with wheelchair mounts, 
      trays and stands for every purpose you can imagine, including an ipad holder for wheelchairs. 
      accessorize to fit your life. use multiple devices at the same time. swap out attachments like 
      our camera mount fast. one mount'n mover has many uses: swing it around to access devices from 
      chair, bed, walker or stander. text or call with our wheelchair cellphone mount. stay connected, 
      digitally or person-to-person.  





customer storieswatch videosrick cardenas"mount'n mover gives me a lot of independence. i didn't realize i had that 
        dependency til i found out i could do it myself"shane burcaw"i can't adequately describe the elation i felt having my independence restored. 
        life-changing is an understatement!"sophia doebbert"mount'n mover has opened up sophia's world so much, your eye gaze system is only as 
        good as your wheelchair mount." 





how much power do you need?do you need a manual mount'n mover or one with pow!r? choose what best 
        fits your needs and abilities. manual models are easily operated one-handed with light pressure 
        on a "hoop." the new motorized pow!r models move at the touch of a switch. both have adjustable 
        lock and tilt positions.

the original mount'n mover
our original movable mount comes in dual-arm, single-arm and simple models, 
        offering a wide range of choices based on what you want to do. operate them one-handed. 
        optimize angles and lock positions without tools.
        


pow!r to the people
the pow!r mount is a motorized wheelchair mounting system that makes it possible 
        for anyone to move their mount with the flick of a switch.
         





we bring new freedom to people who need speech devicesmany people who need speech devices put off getting them. why? the restrictions 
      caused by static mounts. you’re less independent. mount'n mover eyegaze wheelchair mount removes the 
      limitations.  easily tilt your device or move it aside to drive your chair, transfer, connect face-to-face, 
      give a hug. you can even talk and eat at the same time! live your life to the fullest. watch video 





we empower our distribution partners to change people's livesmount'n movers are transforming the lives of people who use every kind of wheelchair, both manual and 
        powered, thanks to the efforts of our "champions" in the assistive technology space. from suppliers to 
        therapists, we are a wish come true for professionals who have a passion for enabling people to do more.resellerslearn morespeech device companieslearn moreatps, ots, rehab centerslearn moreveterans administrationlearn moreschoolslearn more 





getting mount'n mover funded through insurancemount'n mover can be covered under the "wheelchair accessory" reimbursement code. 
      in most states "speech generating device mount" code is an option. medical justifications include proven health 
      benefits due to optimal access and more, as well as ability to move it for transfers and medical emergencies. 
      for more information on submitting requests for funding, click here. 














communitynewscommunity galleryfor therapistsconferences & trainingssupportmount mentor eval sheethow it worksinstallationoffset optionseye gazefaqmedia librarylimited warrantysafety and maintenanceabout usabout bluesky designsresearch

facebooktwitter

bluesky designs
2637 27th avenue south, suite 209
minneapolis, minnesota 55406
www.blueskydesigns.us
(612) 724-7002
(888) 724-7002


copyright © 2025 bluesky designs

made in the usa


enter your keywords 






 






