










expertrating - online certification and employee testing


























login















home


about us 


certifications


tests


pre employment testing


login

news

contact us











leaders in online certification 
have your skills certified through the same platform used by walmart, google, ikea, ericsson, gap and amazon.
we deliver over 3 million online certification tests and online courses annually. 



 

 







since 2001
decades of excellence




1100+ skill tests
world's largest test inventory




6500+ companies
thousands depend on us




25 million people tested
10 tests every minute




160 countries serviced
globally accepted




86% reorder rate
satisfied clients













certification for individuals

expertrating is a leader in online certification and skill testing and offers an affordable and efficient way for people to prove their expertise in over 300 widely accepted online certifications.
get certified and give your job prospects a boost: 
expertrating certifications have been taken by over 3 million individuals in more than 60 countries annually. expertrating certifications are an excellent way of demonstrating your knowledge and skills to prospective employers and greatly boost your chances of moving ahead in your career.


global acceptability:
expertrating online certifications are developed under iso 9001-2015 standards and are accepted by hundreds of employers and organizations worldwide. no wonder companies like ericsson, fox news, ge, ikea, convergys and deltek systems are using expertrating to evaluate their employees. 

further information on certification for individuals

more about online certifications
view entire list of online certifications
view list of free online certifications
personal trainer certification
life coach certification



take an online certification





expertrating wins the google sme heroes award at a glittering award ceremony organized by google and ficci (federation of commerce and industry) at new delhi, india. this award has been instituted by google to honor it companies that have excelled in their domain and have leveraged the internet to grow and expand their businesses in innovative ways.




support
contact us



our reviews
 
trustpilot






online courses & training

expertrating offers in-depth online courses, tutorials and ebooks to individuals and employers at affordable prices. the expertrating online learning resources have been developed under iso 9001-2015 procedures.
further information on expertrating online learning:

view entire list of online courses
personal trainer certification
life coach certification
paralegal certification
doula certification
six sigma green belt certification
yoga certification
sports nutrition certification
six sigma black belt certification
weight management certification
pmp® certification exam preparatory course
project management certification
makeup artist certification
baby sitting certification
 strength and conditioning certification
pilates certification
 group fitness trainer certification
senior fitness certification
time management certification
lean management certification
healthy eating for weight loss certification
master trainer certification
first aid certification
health club management certification
business analyst certification
health coach certification
 total quality management certification
meditation instructor certification
medical billing certification
six sigma certification
aerobics certification
master black belt certification
administrative assistant certification
human resource certification
youth fitness trainer certification
social media marketing for businesses certification
medical coding certification
stress management certification
business coach certification
kaizen certification
online business writing course & certification
seo certification
online public speaking course



















corporate employee testing

expertrating  is a trusted name in pre employment testing services offering cutting edge employment testing solutions to business giants such as ericsson, fox news, elance, convergys, gap and ikea to name a few. expertrating is currently one of the few employee testing companies in the world to have been certified under iso 9001-2015 for its skills testing and training systems.

 
quickly and efficiently hire talent:
expertrating employment testing solutions have been chosen by hundreds of leading employers to quickly and efficiently identify the right talent for the right positions. the u.s. department of labor estimates that mis-hiring a $100,000 per year manager costs the employer about $300,000. pre employment testing has been proven time and again to be the most effective way of reducing uncertainties in hiring, no wonder that the number of companies using our pre employment testing services is growing at over 100% annually with a re-order rate of more than 75%.
flexible testing options: 
the expertrating employment testing system has been developed for ease of use and flexibility with respect to testing and pricing options. employers can commence their employee testing program by simply signing up and paying a per test fee, as and when they need to test.


take a demo or start testing your employees in as little as 3 minutes.


unmatched employment testing features for companies

flexible testing options
in-depth reporting features
multiple payment options
ease of use
economical testing



codeassess programming tests


integrated testing system: 

                    the expertrating integrated testing system allows website owners to seamlessly integrate our testing system into their websites. this solution is ideal for employers, recruiters, ats and hr software developers, educational institutions and websites that can benefit from skill assessment.
                    know more



 integrated testing system










 testimonials
our customers love us!




















              "incredible personal training lessons. worth the value and time!"- christian lowry





                "indeed, a very informative certification program! thank you!" - ashley olson




 "this was my first on-line course; i enjoyed it and felt the convenience of working
                                        at my own pace was priceless. thank you for a positive experience!" - colton szostek




 "the personal trainer course was wonderful! the course was such a learning experience
                                        for me." - ozzy summerall




 "enjoyed the information. let me know if you are doing another personal trainer
                                        class." - phoenix steinfeldt




 
                "i thoroughly enjoyed this course. it is highly useful in my daily work. thank you!" - dillon phillips




 "thorough study material with varied exercises to learn. it really helped me in training my clients." - keyon mays




 "it has given me the knowledge and confidence to effectively train people and help
                                        them reach their fitness goals." - kelly	kalil




 "the certification process helped refresh my understanding of personal training
                                        facts. i already have a bs degree in health and physical education." - abigail lowry




 "it provided creditability and certification for personal training." - erica o neill




 "it has given me the basics of things to keep in mind when working with people with
                                        a variety of health issues and fitness goals." - thompson




 "being able to communicate very well with clients and follow your suggestions as
                                        far as working for an employer and taking the necessary steps to being self-employed." - tiffany	roche




 "it gave me a broader base of knowledge in the physiology and anatomy of resistance
                                        training." - kevin bouffard




 "i have learned more about personal training than before, this is my second certification
                                        with expert rating. i feel that everyone can always have room to expand their knowledge
                                        and that is what this certification did for me." - joseph hall




 "it has opened up an entire new career for me. before i was very unfit and with
                                        my new results, zest for exercise and diet, i have gotten numerous clients that
                                        have been successful at their weight loss goal." - odell	outen

















  



home
about us
privacy policy
site map
faqs
affiliate program
contact us
tos
expertrating reviews
verify transcript
blog



© 2025 expertrating - all rights reserved.














