


































































tulsa world | breaking news | read tulsa news, news for tulsa county, and the metropolitan area of oklahoma. the latest weather, crime, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















43°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local news



business



crime & courts



government & politics



indigenous issues



special reports & databases



nation & world



state & regional



education




obituaries


share a story




sports


college



ok preps extra



tu sports extra



ou sports extra



osu sports extra



oru sports extra



pro sports



betting




opinion


columnists



editorials



letters to the editor



submit a letter




lifestyles


events



art & theatre



food & drink



music



home & gardening



get healthy



movies & tv



fashion & style



wellness



parenting



pets



faith



people



travel



comics



contests



puzzles



play



announcements



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



tulsa world archives



special sections




our properties


broken arrow



owasso reporter



sand springs leader



skiatook journal



wagoner county american-tribune




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



legal notices



tulsa world store




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage tulsa subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



contact us



photo submissions



report a correction



manage owasso subscription



manage sand springs subscription



manage skiatook subscription



manage wagoner subscription



help center



mobile apps


gift subscriptions


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

business

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









43°
partly cloudy














                
                breaking news
                
            
















        
        
            downtown building housing adult superstore purchased by elliot nelson, david sharp

what the new owners plan to do with the building is still under consideration, but it is highly unlikely that they will continue "business as usual."



















        
        
            superintendent rob miller: the promise of public education in a palindrome

sadly, political narratives have blurred the moral clarity of an essential truth: every child deserves the opportunity to learn regardless of their background, says bixby superintendent rob miller. 

















        
        
            osu's new president defends $300 million ask for veterinary hospital

because the school's accrediting agency has osu's college of veterinary medicine on probation, not investing in the hospital would result in "a most unfortunate circumstance," jim hess said.

















        
        
            what is porter moser’s buyout? details of ou men’s basketball coach’s contract

ou men’s basketball head coach porter moser’s seat has become white hot following the sooners’ loss to lsu on saturday night.

















        
        
            'cybersecurity event' continues to disrupt operations at tulsa world

a “cybersecurity event” at lee enterprises, the parent company of the tulsa world, that was announced on feb. 7 continues to disrupt the systems to produce the print edition and e-edition.

















        
        
            schools make plans for snow day tuesday; winter storm warning in effect tomorrow

blizzard-like conditions may be possible on tuesday, the meteorologist in charge at the national weather service office in tulsa said.

















        
        
            unexpected door opened for sam landry's path to ou; she tosses perfect game in third start

sam landry pitched a perfect game for no. 3 ou, leading them to a successful weekend on the diamond with strong offense, defense and pitching performances.

















        
        
            reports: kevin wilson, former tu head coach and sooners oc, returns to ou as analyst

the former tulsa head coach and oklahoma assistant has been hired as an offensive analyst by the sooners, according to multiple reports that surfaced on sunday evening.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            former clemson assistant weighs in on ou’s wes goodwin hire, brent venables calling plays


















        
        
            car crash leaves two holland hall students dead, one in critical condition


















        
        
            schools make plans for snow day tuesday; winter storm warning in effect tomorrow















                
                the latest


















        
        
            downtown building housing adult superstore purchased by elliot nelson, david sharp

what the new owners plan to do with the building is still under consideration, but it is highly unlikely that they will continue "business as usual."




















        
        
            17-year-old killed after shots fired through apartment window

the victim was identified as adavion herring, who was struck with gunfire through a bedroom window.




















        
        
            lauren wright: your 2025 marketing trends playbook

in the marketing and pr industry, staying ahead means keeping up with resonating trends.




















        
        
            education notebook: absentee ballot deadline, tiny tigers and a three-day weekend

anderson, catoosa, glenpool, liberty, prue and sand springs are the only tulsa-area districts with in person classes on monday. #oklaed












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            winter weather warnings across country




















        
        
            ap top stories february 17 a




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            senator klobuchar tells dana bash republicans need to 'start showing that kind of courage'












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            bill knight basketball players of the week: bixby's tyler wright, prue's braylee reed

see who are the world's selection as the area's top players from last week.




















        
        
            mannford basketball teams going into playoffs this week on `high note'

mannford's basketball teams will each carry a two-game winning streak going into their class 4a playoff openers friday night at cushing. 




















        
        
            stillwater claims dual state with dramatic comeback; chickasha, tuttle, blackwell also win

stillwater wins dual state for third time in four years.




















        
        
            local record for feb. 14: see scores and updates

baseball 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dreamland festival partners with tulsa drillers for kickball event

the kickball event will bring together artists, athletes, entrepreneurs and community leaders while raising funds to support dreamland festival and dreamland’s nonprofit initiatives.












sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            tulsa has a new mobile gym that comes to your location

content by gymguyz. these professional trainers have been transforming lives throughout the country for more than a decade, and they have finally come to tulsa.












contributor








        
        
            what you need to know before moving to tulsa

contributor content. whether you’re drawn to its affordable housing, scenic parks or cultural hot spots, preparing for your move can make the transition smoother and more enjoyable. this guide offers tips on what you may need to know to make tulsa feel like home.












sponsored








        
        
            how nora mental health is transforming psychotherapy in tulsa

content by nora mental health. the new nora mental health center in tulsa provides a personalized therapeutic experience, tailored to each client’s specific needs.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            action motorsports



                                        1341 n 108th e ave, tulsa, ok 74116
                                    






















        
        
            tulsa boat show 2021



                                        po box 52336, tulsa, ok 74152
                                    






















        
        
            resonance center for women



                                        1608 s. elwood ave., tulsa, ok 74119
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


owasso reporter

sand springs leader

skiatook journal

wagoner county american-tribune

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter signup

join our team

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        tulsa world, 315 s. boulder ave.  tulsa, ok 74103
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































