









sliderobes - fitted furniture | sliding wardrobe specialists

































































bedroom







fitted wardrobes



sliding


hinge


bifold


walk-in


replacement doors







interiors



interior boards


handles


lighting


storage solutions







freestanding furniture



drawers


bedside tables


dressing tables


islands










home office






desks




inspirational offices








living






freestanding furniture




inspirational living areas








unusual spaces






alcove




corner




sloping ceiling




customer stories










book a free design visit
free brochure
showrooms




























bedroom


home office


living


unusual spaces




inspiration


contact


about sliderobes


help and support


careers






















                                                wardrobes and fitted bedroom furniture
                                            
discover bedrooms













                                                finance options available
                                            
explore finance













                                                we can visit you at home
                                            
book a design appointment













                                                create a space you love
                                            
discover living spaces













                                                for slopes, alcoves and unusual spaces
                                            
discover unusual spaces













                                                functional and stylish custom storage
                                            
discover home offices













sliderobes - the fitted furniture experts                    

at sliderobes, we have been designing, crafting and installing fitted furniture for over forty years. we're sliding wardrobe and fitted furniture experts, creating beautifully bespoke storage solutions for every corner of your home, transforming your space and way of life. we can create fitted furniture for all areas of your home; from sliding bedroom wardrobes to built-in home office storage. our products are completely made-to-measure to maximise your space and provide you with optimal storage.                





get free quote                    

download brochure                    




















bedroom 


restoring your bedroom into a blissful haven                    








home office 


from home office hoarder to home office order                    












living 


finding calm in the chaos of everyday living                    








unusual spaces 


creating space in an unusual place                    









start your sliderobes journey today





















download a brochure or visit a showroom






book your free, no obligation design appointment






visualise your bespoke furniture and approve your design






your furniture will be handcrafted by our expert team






sliderobes installation team fit out your home






feel different,  better on the inside!




book design appointment
request a brochure











book a free design visit                


                        sliderobes offer free, no obligation design appointments from the comfort of your own home. one of our local designers can come to you, show you our full collection and let you visualise your new furniture using our cutting-edge design software.
                    


book now
                















get your free brochure                


                        be inspired! request your free copy of the latest sliderobes brochure, browse our full range of unique designs and explore some of our most recent installations.
                        


download now
                    















find your nearest showroom                


                        sliderobes are based across the uk and ireland. we have local designers who can come to you, or you can visit us in person at your nearest sliderobes showroom.
                    


find your nearest showroom
                















finance options                


                        sliderobes offers finance options so you can enjoy your beautiful new fitted furniture sooner than you expected.
                        


find out more
                    














frequently asked questions











how much do sliderobes cost?


as all of our furniture is completely bespoke and made to measure for you, we don't have a set price list. the final price depends on the size of your furniture, door finishes and interior layouts. however, if you have a rough idea of the finish you’d like, and the necessary measurements, please book a free, no-obligation design appointment or pop into your nearest showroom and we can give you an estimate!




how do i get a quote?


providing an exact quote without seeing your space is tricky, but if you have an idea of what you are looking for, we can provide you with a guide price. we will ask you a few simple questions about the type of fitted furniture you need, the size of your space and the finishes you have in mind. one of the things that sets sliderobes apart from the crowd is that everything we provide is bespoke and completely tailored to your needs and budget. this means that, in order to provide you with an exact price, we will need to visit your home and design your bespoke fitted furniture to your exact specifications.




do you offer finance options?


yes, we do. we offer multiple financial options. all finance offers are subject to eligibility criteria. applicants for finance must be 18 years or over. credit is subject to status and affordability. terms and conditions apply. please speak to your designer for more details, as not all finance offerings may be available in your location. we are authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority.




how do i meet with a designer?


you can book a design appointment on our website. meet with one of our expert designers at home, online or in your nearest showroom. design appointments are totally free and no-obligation.




where are you based?


we are based across the uk and ireland. we have 7 sliderobes showrooms based in belfast, dublin, limerick, ipswich, nottingham, wirral and yorkshire. but don't worry if there's no showroom in your area, we have designers based across the country who can come to you.

















 





why choose sliderobes?
the sliderobes experience






built to last
made by our family of talented tradespeople, we help you create the perfect room, tailored to your home, lifestyle and interiors.




locally designed for you
proudly designed and manufactured in uk and ireland, we guarantee a personal service and all our furniture solutions are made to last.




fitted furniture specialists
experience is everything in our world, we have honed our skills over the years to deliver quality you can rely on.




the personal touch
our experienced designers will work with you to create a bespoke solution that fits your style, needs and budget.






 












finance options available
with the finance options available you can enjoy beautiful fitted furniture sooner than you expected.









first class workmanship
constructed and fitted to perfection, using every inch of space.









10 year guarantee
built to last, all of our furniture comes with a 10-year guarantee.











sign up for inspiration
stay updated with the latest ideas and trends in interiors
sign up






























call 0800 454 465


rooms


bedroom


home office


living


unusual spaces




inspiration


what's trending


create your own mood board


our design process


customer stories


project gallery




about


why choose us


sliderobes experience


reviews


careers




help & support


frequently asked questions


customer support


finance options


complaints procedure












privacy notice |                                            terms & conditions

© 2022 sliderobes | all rights reserved | website by flint studios






























