
















lifting attachments | excavator lifting attachments| kenco














































 




























facebookyoutubeinstagrammaildigital catalog
online store
kenco gear
1-800-653-6069
my account
 




menuproducts closelifting attachments closebarrier liftpipe liftmechanical pipe hookrockliftjib boommonument liftermultiliftself leveling pipe hookforklift adapterslab crabcurb lifterbin block lifterfl barrier liftzipper wall liftslab liftculvert box liftersuperliftdouble barrier liftercustom lifting devicesexcavator attachments closeslab crabconcrete pulverizerunilug systemjib boomquick couplersbrush & debris rakebrush grapplehardrock™ buckethardrock grapplehardrock thumbplate compactorripperwedgebolt couplerwheel loader & dozer products closejib boombrush rakeloader bucketmoldboard rakeslifter add-ons closeextended legs for mlalignment leg for klstand offs for mlmanhole legs for mlslings & rigging closerigmax 16000rigmax 31000kenco swag closekenco shirtskenco hatstumblersview catalogworkzonecompanycontact usrequest quoteproduct support closefaqskenco testimonialspartsproduct resourcesoperator manualsproduct support requestcustom lifter request




menu


menu



 






learn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morelearn morepreviousnext1234567


1234567891barrier lift
2rock lift
3pipe lift
4bin block lift
5slab crab
6manhole lift
7pipe hook
8multilift
9monument lift



lifting attachments
kenco created the first kenco barrier lift over 30 years ago. it is our flagship product and there is no other barrier clamp or barrier tong that compares! it is the strongest, safest, most-trusted barrier picker in the industry and the choice of every major contractor and governmental agency in the united states.
as a full-service attachment manufacturer, we offer a wide selection of excavator attachments, wheel loader buckets, backhoe, dozer, and other material handling attachments. our engineering team can also design custom attachments to meet specific job needs for construction and demolition projects. invest in high-grade lifting attachments that perfectly align with your project needs.
view attachments
request quote


below the hook solutions
kenco lifting products are designed, manufactured and tested in compliance with the latest revisions of the asme b30.20 and bth-1 standards and are accepted by osha, canosh, as well as virtually all other world wide standards. every excavator lifting attachment is hand tested by our engineering staff before it leaves our facility.





 previousnext








kenco attachments are better engineered and more ruggedly constructed to provide you with years of dependable service
view attachments
request quote


explore kenco
kenco supplies the construction industry with a wide selection of attachments to make your machine more productive and profitable. our attachments are built with strength and durability in mind to ensure our customers only get the best products. after 30 years we remain the worldwide leader in below the hook lifting solutions. all of our lifting attachments are still made with pride in the usa.




kenco lifting attachments
increase profits and save time on the jobsite each and every time.
other excavator attachment manufacturers may try to imitate our lifting devices, but no other tool can compete with the strength and durability we build into each of our products. from barrier lifts to block lifts, boulder grapples to pipe tongs, slab buckets to c hooks, kenco has a solution for any heavy lifting task. our attachments have been field-proven time and again by our customers; just take look at the multitude of positive testimonials right from those that use them everyday. we only sell the highest quality attachments to ensure our customers get tools that will endure consistent usage. shop our collections today to find the solution you need for every lifting task you have at hand.
our website is a one-stop shop. spend time researching any lifting attachment in full detail or view inventory and make an immediate purchase. no matter which you choose, we have a crew of specialists ready to help you along the way. our team is happy to assist if you have questions about a lifting attachment or need help locating a product. request a quote, send us an email or give us a call and find out why kenco is the industry leader of below the hook lifting attachments.


view attachments

go shopping

  


© copyright - kenco corporation 
facebookyoutubeinstagrammailblog
free gear
contact us
privacy policy
refund and return policy







scroll to top











































