










home - greater miami shores chamber of commerce


























































  












please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


skip to content












contact us





member login















facebook





twitter





linkedin
















































menu 
chamber member benefits join the chamber board of directors chamber history member directory opening a business chamber events citizen of the year women in business networking group contact usmiami shores villages miami shores biscayne park el portal north bay village visitors community calendar tourism info recreation shopping & dining weather events calendar miami shores map member map history of miami shores schools & universities housing arts & culture chamber non profits photosadvertising advertising opportunities egret archivesjoin/renew member application member logingreen day green day photos








 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 


learn more


 


 
 






























welcome to the greater miami shores chamber of commerce






serving the villages of miami shores, biscayne park, el portal, and little river.

















					find a business				








					sign up for newsletter				








					become a member				








					advertise with us				








					upcoming events				








					add an event				





































upcoming events

















































































register here

























































register here





















get tickets here






















register here






















register here





























thanks for an amazing green day miami shores!













































we've been out and about.
why not join us for our next event?




































welcome new chamber members


































































































ted kretzschmar's lifetime acheivement award




































citizen of the year 2022 barry university














green day 2022 downtown miami shores














chamber board installation the citadel
















syp shores young professionals-mima market














chat with the chief at v3p miami shores





















women in business!
















all photos property of greater miami shores chamber of commerce and @katebaumwell photography























learn more
















 
egret magazine: july 2024 
in addition to our e-newsletter, we print the egret, a full-color, quality-of-life magazine that showcases our member businesses. each month we distribute 7,200 copies to every home, apartment, condo, and business in miami shores, biscayne park, el portal, parts of little river, the preserves townhomes, and other area locations.
 














 
opening a business 
either starting a new business or maintaining your current participation, the chamber, working with the village’s administration, is your primary resource for information. within the affluent, tri-villages communities, business potential is promising. download this guide get a quick overview of all you need to know!
 














 
membership benefits 
your interest in the greater miami shores chamber of commerce is appreciated. the chamber is a business advocacy organization representing its member companies and helping increase their business through referrals, education, and other marketing activities.
 
































































trustee members





















                                barry university                            














                                doctor's charter                            













































                                edge                            
























next
previous









 












© 2025 greater miami shores chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.




















greater miami shores chamber of commerce










9620 ne 2nd avenue, suite 201 | miami shores, fl 33138 










(305) 754-5466 










chamberinfo@miamishores.com 









facebook





twitter





linkedin






















 © 

 greater miami shores chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 





photo credit: kate baumwell









 




















