





                  lake nacimiento              






















              book now            


open main menu








                  ways to stay                  








                          ways to stay                        



                          lakeview lodges                        



                          cottages                        



                          rv & tent camping                        



                          travel trailer rentals                        






                  attractions                  








                          attractions                        



                          boat rentals & water sports                        



                          fishing                        



                          general store                        



                          day use                        



                          vessel storage                        



                          wake boards walk 5k                        






                  event space                  








                          event space                        






                  resort events                



                  offers                



                  more                  








                          maps                        



                          jobs                        



                          review us                        



                          policies                        






                  contact                








facebook page






instagram page













          adventure the outdoors in central california        


              book your stay            

              boat rentals            

              pay vessel launch fees            



 


      welcome to lake nacimiento    

famous for its 165 miles of pristine shoreline, lake nacimiento resort is a top destination near california’s central coast. located at the mid-way point between los angeles and san francisco, the resort offers fun and adventure for the entire family. guests enjoy multiple activities at the lake and its surrounding oak and pine forests including water sports, fishing, hiking, camping, lodging, wildlife viewing, and much more.
situated in the santa lucia mountains, lake nacimiento has 18 miles of water for visitors to enjoy, with boat, water ski, and fishing equipment rentals available at the park’s new 100-slip marina. the resort also offers a variety of fully furnished lodging accommodations suitable for individuals and large groups. rv rentals and full hook-up campsites are also available within the resort.
from water sports to fishing and camping, lake nacimiento provides the perfect setting for an amazing fun-filled getaway. 

 



        plan your visit      










                      more info
                      



                    lodging                  













                      more info
                      



                    tent & rv camping                  













                      more info
                      



                    lake access & fishing                  













                      more info
                      



                    meeting space                  







 



        testimonials      






we camped in tents, and the campgrounds were so clean, always had clean restrooms and showers. we will be back! 




                  lizzie l. on google                






no complaints. excellent trip. stayed for 3 days in trailer number 2. staff was great. trailer was clean and newer. lakewas gorgeous. my 2 small kids caught tons of bluegill right at the boat launch. i caught spotted bass easily in multiple locations. pro tip crickets on a bobber for bluegill kastmasters for bass. tons of bunnies, birds, quail, deer and even a bald eagle! 




                  christian r. on google                






i've been coming to lake nacimiento for decades, and have always enjoyed my boating and camping experiences at what i consider one of the best recreational lakes in california. recently, i was put in charge of a local boating club's yearly event and contacted layle decker to help us find a suitable spot in the park to camp, as some of the boats were larger and would be tough to fit in any kind of a crowded, tight camping spot. 




                  jeff c on yelp                






this is a wonderful location for campers and lodgers. there are campsites with hookups and barebones campsites. there is a large marina and boat ramp with a big parking lot. the lodge has a main check-in spot, which has a wonderful view. the cabins have outstanding views and look comfortable. 




                  thad k. on google                






i cannot recommend this campground enough! we had such an amazing stay, all because of the general manager layla decker and staff of super kind employees...my husband and kids were so happy, and this resort made our first family vacation a complete success. we will make this a yearly tradition to camp here. you all are our heroes! 




                  jessica u. on yelp                








previous





next





 












































 


      about lake nacimiento    

centrally located sixteen miles north west of highway 101 in paso robles, on nacimiento drive g-14. unsurpassed beauty awaits you in the coastal mountains of san luis obispo county.
lake nacimiento is a haven for watersport enthusiasts. the lake provides ample room for waterskiing, wakeboarding, jetskiing, wake surfing, and other water-related activities. lake nacimiento covers over 5,000 surface acres surrounded by 165 miles of scenic shoreline, unspoiled wilderness, mountains, river canyons, oak and pine forests, spring waterfalls, and abundant wildlife. skiers and wakeboarders love the morning and late afternoon glass. clean, warm water, the long open ski areas are fantastic. home of the famous white bass, there is no fishing experience quite like the one you'll have with nacimiento's feisty fighters.
a year-round general store located right at the water's edge. the full-service marina features 120 rental boat slips, available yearly, monthly, weekly, or daily. a rental fleet that is quite likely the best in california offers everything from family pleasure boats, and pontoon/patio boats, to ski and deck boats.lodge accommodations are available or for the hardy who want to experience the great outdoors, lake nacimiento has over three hundred and fifty campsites available. 

 



          the dragon lake naci is waiting for you!        







proud sponsor of be my eyes 






proud sponsor of cappy culver pto 






proud sponsor of central coast autism spectrum center 






proud sponsor of echo el camino homeless organization 






proud sponsor of lumina alliance (formerly rise) 












            lake nacimiento          


            lake nacimiento resort
                          10625 nacimiento lake drive
                        bradley, ca 93426          












lake nacimiento resort is an authorized concessionaire of monterey county parks. 

privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility statement






stay in touch
sign up with your email to receive updates.





email address








subscribe









        © 2025 lake nacimiento. all rights reserved.
      





