

reasonablenut





















    
	reasonablenut
	
  
"you sound like a jew.  you need to control your wife.  

you sound nasal, like a jew."




saturday, january 16, 2010


movie quote

"why should god bless a congress?  king or congress, doesn't seem to be that different to me."
// posted by benjamin @ 3:20 am 7 comments  

sunday, january 10, 2010


radio interview

the old man did his interview on tom gresham's gun talk show today.  here's the podcast link to the hour he was on.  it's the second segment, so about 15 minutes into it.obviously, the topic of the interview was mmd brokers.
// posted by benjamin @ 8:37 pm 2 comments  

monday, january 04, 2010


weekend interview

the old man (aka william hopkins) is slated to be on gresham's guntalk radio program this weekend at 3:00 p.m. central time to talk about the mmd endeavour.if you have the time, please tune in. this is the link for those of us who don't have a local station that carries this show.tom gresham is a gregarious host and it should be an interesting conversation.
// posted by benjamin @ 10:07 pm 0 comments  

tuesday, december 15, 2009


200+ years

today is the the is the 218th(?) anniversary of the ratification of the bill of rights.didn't take that long to piss it away, did it?because we don't really give a shit anymore so we deserve what we get, like lemmings hitting whatever they hit once they're off the cliff.normally, i would consider this a day to honor. all of a sudden, i'm ashamed that our lily-livered asses could not even retain 10 basic freedoms.watch what you post on facebook because those motherfuckers are paying attention i guess. and, if per chance, janet napolitano comes across this post, let me say from the bottom of my heart, go fuck yourself and go run uganda or something.
// posted by benjamin @ 12:15 am 1 comments  

monday, november 09, 2009


sebastian and caleb (this is not mormon gay porn)

admittedly, i've been out of this for awhile.  i missed the passing of dutoit.  obviously i missed a lot of other things.several months ago we rolled out a product that we thought would do some good.  ensuing flame wars and whatnot, convinced me it wasn't that easy.the original reaction was much like this.  caleb thought it was a waste of money.  we fucked about in comments for awhile, but the cw was the chances of one having to actually use a firearm was so slim as to make this useless and duplicates the comprehensive firearms coverage included in every state farm policy.sebastion backed him up, as did xrlq.since then, caleb had to fight off an attack from a homeless guy and sebastian has decided you're more likely to have to defend yourself than get hit by a meteor.really don't know what the underlying philosophy is, but these two back each other up, even when it contradicts shit they've already said.good for them.  people take them very seriously and, without a doubt, they know what they're talking about at the range.i just question followers (both magazines and commentators.)
// posted by benjamin @ 8:09 pm 0 comments  

friday, november 06, 2009


my new favorite idiot

the manager of this site is a good looking woman.  i wouldn't kick her out of bed for eating puffy cheetos.on the the other hand, she's a fucking idiot.  i hadn't run into this newsweek blog before the ft. hood atrocity.  it appears many people write for this blog and all of them are morons.first off, it looks like they are of the opinion that there is such a thing as pre-post-traumatic-stress-disorder.  this is so obviously stupid, that it almost need not be addressed.  of course this had nothing to do with islam or the fact that maybe it's not a good idea to send a muslim into a theatre of operations that is kind of, sort of about killing muslims.  no.  now the trauma of war can be felt and have deep psychological consequences before the subject even goes near a war zone.  pretty soon, newborns that come into this world at times of conflict will have pre-pre-post-traumatic-stress-disorder.today they follow up with something equally idiotic.i never made the jump to digital/hd/whatever-the-fuck it is tv.  i figured life without matt lauer couldn't be all that bad.  i was more than right.  i don't miss television at all.  i'm beginning to think that certain web outlets qualify in the same way.if not watching or reading these fucktards makes life easier, maybe i'll just steer clear of the whole ignorant mess.
// posted by benjamin @ 7:09 pm 0 comments  

tuesday, october 27, 2009


rns & ccw insurance

a comment from the old man (aka william):we started mmd brokers with an idea. we thought it was a good idea and completely new, not to be compared to any existing approach. it was a policy written by ccw holders tailored to the needs and liabilities of ccw holders. we believe it is an excellent product which meets the legal requirements that a ccw holder would think was their responsibility. we were naive as respects the "gun community."we thought the need was obvious and our solution was the best available. we figured that gun people come up with products all the time that are immediately embraced by the community.we honestly were not prepared for the immediate negative shit storm that we ran into. negative comments, nit picking and completely ignorant comments. i have been doing this insurance thing for most of my life and i know the business. i also know what this product does and why it is needed.and so we come to today. david at random nuclear strikes has manifested the first ray of light that we have seen out of the gun community thus far. i know the post he put together was not an easy one to write. he has really put together all of the things that we wanted this product to be and the crucial need for this product. we feel that it is almost a necessity for the responsible weapon carrier and it was our intention in designing the product to meet the needs that david so painfully outlines.legal defense funds/networks are fine, i have looked at them all. i have not found an actual contract that outlines their responsibilities in the event of a self defense situation and accordingly i have viewed them as a less than adequate solution to the problems we face as concealed carry practitioners.make no mistake,we are in this to make money, but we also firmly believe in this product as the ultimate and best available solution.i honestly want to thank david for his courage and also for giving us a glimmer of hope in what has been, thus far, a completely discouraging endeavor.comment from me (reasonablenut aka benjamin):for a long time, i was giving david shit for not doing this post. this program became effective on july 1st, 09, and david had said he reviewed the material and thought it to be a good idea. he also said he'd do a post on it (obviously we are rabid for lawyers to look at this.)awhile went by, and still there wasn't any post. we saw each other in reno for the first time in 4+ years and i asked him what the holdup was. he indicated that this was a topic he wanted to approach carefully.now that he's posted it, i think i understand a little better why this particular commentary took a little longer to percolate on than reviewing a new ar magazine or writing up a range report.i want to thank david for his candour and honesty. me and the old man discussed and agreed that he makes a better argument than we ever could.it also comes with a dose of reality that is probably torturous, but that he's lived through and me and 99.9% if us have not.that's balls.
// posted by benjamin @ 7:46 pm 1 comments  

sunday, october 25, 2009


my favorite .45 colt shooter

ever since reno, my new favorite shooter is bea. her grandson's blog is the link on the title.this lady kicked ass for two days and never stopped. she was kind and probably deserved a lot more applause than she got.here's a picture of her chillaxing:i wouldn't mess with this lady.  hard opinions and good aim. and .45 colt is nothing to sneeze at either.
// posted by benjamin @ 8:09 pm 1 comments  

saturday, october 10, 2009


kirk finished his ar

kirk is finally done.  for those of you that haven't followed the pilgrimage, it was a long hard slog, just like most of his gun projects.  maybe moving out of maryland would help, but maybe not.if anyone recalls, kirk was lucky his boomershoot rifle 4 years ago was actually done.  i think he got to shoot it twice before he left for idaho.  if i'm wrong, he'll correct me.regardless, he ended up with a tits looking ar.  i've never seen a "gold" trigger on one before.  the contrast is striking.
// posted by benjamin @ 12:13 am 2 comments  

thursday, september 24, 2009


russian mosin-nagant 91

every once in a while, big 5 sports gets a load of surplus rifles in. several years ago, we bought an enfield that ended up being so nice a shooter, we shipped it off to have it refinished. it's weird when it happens, because you feel like your buying a pair of adidas, or something. in any case, we tend to shop the grocery store flyers on tuesday and decide what sunday dinner is going to be. in leafing through, big 5 had an ad and were advertising mosin-nagant m91 russian rifles for $99.99. i know a lot of people are fans of this gun, but i've never had any interest because being chambered in 8 mm is just too big of a pain in the ass.we shot down wednesday morning and scored this guy. much of the appeal was that it is chambered in 7.62x54r. the old man's dragunov is chambered in the same round and the surplus remains cheaphe used to be true blue on wwii american rifles but then he bought them all, with exception of an hbar.instead of nazi shit, he decided to move on to ivan's shit. all well and good.to me, the sight is extremely unusual. you pop it up and set the range and then slap it back down and, theoretically, should be on.on initial inspection, it just looked like the old 19th century graduated peep sight.the bore was rust-free and the rifling looked intact, so i guess we'll see how she shoots.according to what i've read, base on the rollmark, the rifle was produced in 1937 at the tula arsenal in russia.  apparently, this plant was shut down for the latter half of wwii because of the german invasion.  i'm not sure that this rifle is worth shit, but it seems to be a rarity.      next up, i might be buying another glock.  but they all look the same so i probably won't post on what the old man calls "another stapler." 
// posted by benjamin @ 8:33 pm 1 comments  



cheaper than dirt was kind enough

cheaper than dirt was kind enough to do a post on ccw insurance. their blog is impressive, though hard to find. i think that will change.uncle was kind enough to kick us some linky love, as well. greatly appreciated.
// posted by benjamin @ 1:13 am 1 comments  

monday, september 21, 2009


the kingman disaster resolved

this is all that i pulled out of my carry, after the extractor broke at the nevada border. looks like the thing snapped off right after the butt.the other half got chucked into a trash can at the silver legacy after a dude from hi-cap checked it out. crazy fucker though he might be able to fashion an extractor in under 48 hours.unfortunately, it wasn't in the cards. i had to use the old man's carry to compete. and using the word "compete," is generous, at best.nonetheless, got home and hit brownell's on wednesday morning. sure as shit, the parts showed up friday (i say parts because i got an extra extractor and a sear spring, because that broke on my old man's carry about 3 weeks ago.)wilson readily admits that their extractors are tight. the slot for the firing pin stop is shallow, so the extractor is extremely taut.  as such, i had to take some material off of the right side of the firing pin stop.  of course, these are the things that my mechanical incompetence shows through on. i started out using emory cloth.  in retrospect, i could have gone through about 18 sheets and still not accomplished the task at hand.  then i switched to a fine diamond file, when i should have used a coarse one.  all in all, it took about an hour and a half to fit the extractor.  there is some fine tuning that remains to be done, but i should have my pistolsmith take a look at it this week.   i worked a bunch of snap-caps through it over the weekend and it seemed to work fine.  this is my carry, though.  i won't be carrying it until it gets a complete workout at the range with live safety function checks and the like.  
// posted by benjamin @ 9:46 pm 0 comments  



molly scored another link

that young lady impressed a great many people.i don't know who provided rawles with the link, but he posted it.
// posted by benjamin @ 1:56 am 1 comments  

thursday, september 17, 2009


blogger rendezvous pt. ii - the trip out

we disembarked on wendesday of last week.  our route was rather simple:  take i-40 over to kingman, az and then head north from there.we soon found out that the gas tank's capacity was only 12 gallons.  that makes for a lot more gas stops than i am used to.everything went fine until kingman.  i have a nm ccw and a utah ccw.  well, right about the time we were making reservations and planning this trip, nevada decided it would no longer recognize ut licenses.  they never recognized nm.so i unload and case in kingman.  the bitch was, my extractor broke while i was unloading.  i brought a one-shot 1911 to reno.  ended up using my dad's.  needless to say, i ordered 2 extractors upon returning home.then, at the nevada border, we hit the hoover dam.  if you read that link, it is word for word bullshit.  there were no bypass signs posted, no indication of what kind of clusterfuck you were driving into, and no non-commercial route.at the dam, we got a little freaked out.  it looked like they were searching every 5th car.  at that particular moment, we realized that we had a russian sniper rifle in the car, along with a shitload of russian ammo, and i was smoking ukrainian cigarettes.  luckily, we weren't the on in five, or whatever.nonetheless, it took an extra hour just to get through a fucking dam.that put us in vegas right around rush hour.  we're from new mexico;  we're a couple of hicks, at this point.  it freaked me out.we agreed that we would stop at the first good looking place north of vegas.  i didn't realize that there is pretty much nothing between vegas and reno.  zero.we finally stopped in a town called beatty and it was a lot better than i thought it would be.  we ate and drank (and smoked) at the sourdough saloon, which was 100 feet from the door of our motel room.  i don't understand why anybody would be in beatty, but if you are, the sourdough has the best burger i've had in several years.past that, we arrived and fucked around with valet parking and dyslectic bell-hops.more to follow.
// posted by benjamin @ 7:54 pm 0 comments  



confession and evidence

much like uncle did, i need to admit that this blog now has a vested interest in a commercial enterprise.  so on the issue of insurance and firearms, consider me fairly biased.that being said, the above linked "enterprise" caught a lot of shit back in july.  people seemed to think that their existing insurance would cover a self-defense situation.well the california supreme court has spoken.  as goes california, so goes the nation.  and for a california court to take the side of an evil insurance company is unheard of.here's the link.  read it and think about it:http://www.insurancejournal.com/news/west/2009/08/05/102768.htmgiven, this is not a case of the use of a firearm, but the doctrine holds.
// posted by benjamin @ 7:17 pm 5 comments  

wednesday, september 16, 2009


blogger rendezous part i

i'm not going to post my recollections in a consecutive stream. i'll post what strikes me when i sit down for the next week or so.my biggest shout out is to the west nevada pistol league. they provided the steel for the pistol match. i could have not shot and had a great time. i got my ass kicked by a pre-teen girl and an old guy.regardless, the range had some really cool shirts. actually, this is my favorite shooting shirt now. it doesn't seem like anybody else noticed them in the range check-in. i thought they might me online, but, apparently, are not.if you make to reno, buy a cool shirt.
// posted by benjamin @ 8:26 pm 2 comments  

wednesday, september 02, 2009


rare book review

i read the road  last weekend.i need to qualify this post by saying that i have had experiences with cormac mccarthy, and, in my humble view he is a complete cunt as a human being. i think he's a vain, hypocritical motherfucker that is badly in need of a really good ass-kicking.all that aside, i thoroughly enjoyed this novel (while pretending somebody else wrote it.)it is not, as most reviews say, an "apocalyptic" novel. more a post-apocalypse apocalypse novel. the premise being that the earth cannot grow anything and all wildlife is dead. survivalist shit doesn't really have anything to do with it.with the continent or planet (he never specifies) in that state, it comes off as more a race to the end or who can outlast who. regardless, it is clear there is no goal beyond tomorrow.to go any further would probably contain spoilers, and i ain't down wit that.the novel can be read in about 2 hours flat, given the font size and spacing.if you can borrow it from a friend, i highly recommend this book. if not, i guess you might have to add to this asshead's coffers.did i mention that i don't like mr. mccarthy?
// posted by benjamin @ 2:06 am 2 comments  



creeping up

i guess the rendevous is a mere two weeks away, or less.  we've got the rental car and all that shit.  i'm still trying to figure out nevada gun laws.
// posted by benjamin @ 2:01 am 2 comments  







contributors

william
benjamin




links

mmd brokers
bison armory
score high gunsmithing

blogroll

alphecca
cerebral misfire
geek with a .45
no quarters
cowboy blob
triggerfinger
tfs magnum
one in a row
jonah's guys aka arrgh aka the donovan
hell in a handbasket
individ
tenring
texican tattler
carnaby fudge
rivrdog
ninth stage
countertop chronicles

bloggers we've met

the view from north central idaho
limpidity
random nuclear strikes
smallest minority
says uncle
mr. completely
cheaper than dirt blog
anthroblogogy
the packing rat
ride fast & shoot straight
traction control
the molly minute
anarchangel
cap'n bob & the damsel
engineering johnson
from my position...
keewee's corner
the clue meter
email:  reasonablenut-at-hotmail-dot-com

old stuff

september 2004october 2004november 2004december 2004january 2005february 2005march 2005april 2005may 2005june 2005july 2005august 2005september 2005october 2005november 2005december 2005january 2006february 2006march 2006april 2006may 2006june 2006july 2006august 2006september 2006october 2006november 2006december 2006january 2007february 2007march 2007april 2007may 2007june 2007july 2007august 2007october 2007january 2008february 2008july 2008august 2008september 2008april 2009june 2009july 2009august 2009september 2009october 2009november 2009december 2009january 2010

 













