



voorhees township public schools / voorhees township public schools















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

et hamilton school
kresson school
osage school
signal hill school
voorhees middle school






sign in


search our site


















voorhees township public schools
inspire, engage, innovate









home


our district
"



administration
board of education
board of education meeting recordings
district and board goals
mission/vision
district office staff
employment opportunities
facilities
annual reports/data
history and demographics
district office personnel
policies & regulations by keyword
policy by table of contents
regulations by table of contents
district compliance officers



schools
"



edward t. hamilton school
kresson elementary school
osage elementary school
signal hill elementary school
voorhees middle school



parents & students
"



new student registration
calendars, school hours and events
inclement weather
mobile app
harassment, intimidation & bullying
safety & security
optional student accident insurance
workshops for parents
ongoing communications



departments
"



academics
food services
guidance
health services
parent access portal
special services
technology



community
"



community education and recreation (cer)
virtual backpack
parent resources and support services



transportation
"



transportation



full-day preschool program
"



full-day preschool program



covid-19 information
"
covid-19 information



voorhees early childhood development center
"


























voorhees township public schools district theme

building pathways to success:  empowering students through positive connections










































scroll

















headlines & features











preschool registration is now open



comments (-1)












kindergarten registration  is now open!



comments (-1)












parent virtual workshops for the 2024 - 2025 school year



comments (-1)












superintendent's forum 2023-2024 school year



comments (-1)












district spirit days



comments (-1)


























site shortcuts


district calendar 2024-2025 school year

user friendly budget report 2024 - 2025 school year

employment

new student registration

harassment, intimidation and bullying (hib) 

nj state assessment information

water testing

american rescue plan consolidated

opra request form

usda non-discrimination statement

website legal disclaimer






































announcements






february 1st: preschool and kindergarten registration opens online


comments (-1)







february 17: schools closed, president's day


comments (-1)







february 19th: family night!


comments (-1)







february 26th - board of education meeting at 7:00 p.m. at the administration building


comments (-1)







job opportunities
preschool instructional associates
ess flyer
food service employment
substitute school nurses - for more information please contact michelle santore (856)751-8446 ext. 6118
substitute teachers 
substitute instructional associates
voorhees township public schools has partnered with ess to manage our substitute and permanent staffing program. a leader in k-12 staffing, ess is now responsible for the hiring, training, and placement of all substitute teachers and substitute paraprofessionals.
if you’re interested in filling one of these positions for our district, please visit ess.com to apply or call 877.983.2244 for more information.



comments (-1)







no child left offline - internet resource for camden county families


comments (-1)







voorhees township public schools - safe return plan
voorhees township public schools - virtual or remote instruction plan *this plan will be implemented in the case of emergency closures
updated: august 2024


comments (-1)







learn how the summer ebt program can help you!
summer ebt flyer - english
summer ebt flyer - spanish


comments (-1)





























njdoe state climate coordinator contact - hib@doe.nj.gov

district anti-bullying coordinator:susan donnellysupervisor of special projectsdonnelly@voorhees.k12.nj.us329 route 73, voorhees, nj 08043856-751-8446, ext. 6117
the voorhees township public school district promotes respect and caring throughout our schools. we strive to maintain a safe and positive school climate so that all children have the opportunity to learn and succeed.
 njdoe’s state school climate coordinator hib@doe.nj.gov
nj department of education - guidance for parents on the anti-bullying bill of rights act
click here for information about the district's anti-bullying program and policies
 


 district & school grades determined under the anti-bullying bill of rights act
each school in the district was required by the state of new jersey to complete a self assessment that grades the school on the implementation of the anti-bullying bill of rights.  the school grade is a raw score of data and the maximum score for a school is 78 points. the district grade is an average of the total scores of all school in the district. in order to foster safe and positive learning conditions for students, this data, along with feedback from school and district safety teams, is used as part of an integrated process for reinforcing and strengthening our school and district climate and culture through prevention and intervention efforts targeted toward harassment, intimidation and bullying (hib).
2022 - 2023 report
2021-2022 report
2020-2021 report
the new jersey youth suicide prevention advisory council
tel: 877-652-7624 
web: nj.gov/dcf/about/divisions/dcsc/ 
on youtube: https://youtu.be/kga7ms-kwoo 
• 988 is the new three-digit number that routes callers to the suicide & crisis hotline. 
• prevent suicide nj, for educators, families, youth, and community partners to access resources and training. 
• society for the prevention of teen suicide parent & caregiver toolkit
 • the nj statewide student support system (nj4s), which allows registered middleand high-schools to request tiered wellness supports for students.
 • 2nd floor youth helpline, which offers call, message board and text options for youth to connect to live, emotional support counselors. 
• traumatic loss coalition (tlc) offers support to communities affected by traumatic events such as suicides, violence and tragedy.   

 












































329 route 73, voorhees, nj 08043
view map

p: (856)751-8446
f: 





contact us|
|
website feedback



p: (856)751-8446
f: 










this is the disclaimer text. it should wrap, then the bar will grow in height if more space is needed. the blackboard footer will center if disclaimer is not being used and the background will be one color.





back to top

site map





facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
linked in
vimeo
flickr
pinterest
rss
peachjar












questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















