




lusus naturae — livejournal


























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































shi_chan06
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














shi_chan06







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









deviantart
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            lusus naturae
        

            non compos mentis
        



blurbsomeone may have stolen your dream when it was young and fresh and you were innocent. anger is natural. grief is appropriate. healing is mandatory. restoration is possible.-jane rubietta
linksfanartsketchesfanfictiontags
january 2015 123
45678910
11121314151617
18192021222324
25262728293031






01 january 2015 @ 12:53 pm
rp-muse list  


note: some are active, some are not and long dead or silent. some i don't even remember how to play anymore but these are the few things that has helped in keeping me more or less, intact over the years.( shi's muse listcollapse )tags: rant, rpg   
current location: bedroom workstation
 
leave a comment




 


21 july 2014 @ 08:30 am
...*well, well*...  


i suddenly remembered that i still had this thing.i think posting once a year or so is the new style now.durrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.i have been thinking though, to turn this into a fitness blog of sorts. just to track my progress. durrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...tags: rant   
current location: office workstationcurrent mood: contemplativecurrent music: daddy yankee - limbo
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 



24 may 2012 @ 08:23 pm
...*doki doki*...  


that is all.tags: rant   
current location: bedcurrent mood: amusedcurrent music: maroon 5 - payphone
 
leave a comment




 


31 march 2012 @ 01:15 pm
...*durp durp*...  


“you know what, kakuzu? eat a dick.”- hidan (naruto)and that is all. i am not sure why that line amuses me to inhumane levels. in other words, i should never sit in the backseat of anyone's car. poor driver will be prone to accidents since i get all hyper in the backseat? durrrrrrrtags: rant   
current location: bedroom workstationcurrent mood: bouncycurrent music: agnes - release me
 
leave a comment




 


 



03 february 2012 @ 01:41 pm
...*[fic] doll*...  


fandom: narutopairing/characters: umino irukarating: r - for themes/languagesummary: iruka on a mission where he is sold and trained to cater to high class customers -- this is his first service. and it's a reminder of what shame a shinobi is forced to bear. notes: initially written as a writing sample for the rp game guys & dolls. i was reading it while clearing out my hd and figured oh, might as well tweak it into something.( you're still trying to get over that, the idea of getting sold, the idea of leaving your old self behind and emerging as someone else once you've stepped a foot past konoha's gates -- your first assignment in a while now that summer has come and the academy is closed for the break.collapse )tags: fanfiction, series: naruto, umino iruka   
current location: bedcurrent music: trading yesterday - world on fire
 
10 comments | leave a comment




 


 



03 february 2012 @ 12:55 pm
...*random*...  


i feel the need the need to update my journal and catalogue all the little things in my currently very mundane and very jobless life. therapist suggested it last week.so a couple of friends and i decided to splurge on a $75 worth of a meal and ended up sitting next to an old british couple who were probably looking for a nice quiet companionship with each other for the night. except of course, we were so loud and kept saying utter nonsense to each other and apparently, that entire time, the couple had been trying to figure out where my friends and i are from because 'your english is superb!' huh.old man thought we were american. old woman thought we were 3rd generation british.honestly?i am most amused. honestly made our night. and obviously in all my excitement, i was like omg i am so facebooking this. poor old lady is so old fashioned and doesn't get what's hip that she wondered if that statement had been an insult. or a praise. like a church choir, we said, quite loudly, 'praise!'because i sure as hell do not have either accent but hey if old brits thinks so, well yay. i'd kill for an english accent lol.tags: rant   
current location: bedcurrent mood: amusedcurrent music: rolling stones - anyway you look at it
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 



21 january 2012 @ 07:05 pm
...*fangirl fail*...  


so there was rumor floating around on my side of the world that led zeppelin will be performing. and honestly, painaholic illustrated it best.( i shit you not.collapse )tags: giftart, rant   
current location: bedcurrent mood: sorecurrent music: 30 seconds to mars - kings and queens
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


01 january 2012 @ 01:17 pm
...*sketch dump - all old wips to be done*...  


one of the things i told myself that i would do come 2012 was that i have to return to my old and happy self. i read somewhere that the path to natural healing means going back and doing what was once fun. back in the days of school and when things and responsibilities had been a lot simpler, drawing and writing and helped me a lot. i remember writing terrible, terrible shitty fanfiction and they were hardly passable as an e worth paper in a gcse marking standard.but i do remember doing all that with a grin and excitement. to the point that my old laptop keypads (to this day) has fading letters on where the e's or a's or the crtl and z used to be. i hit that undo button a lot while working on my drawings.i don't know about writing just yet.( but i sure as hell feel good drawing again.collapse )tags: fanart, hatake kakashi, series: naruto, shiranui genma, sketch, umino iruka   
current location: bedroom workstationcurrent mood: calmcurrent music: coldplay - paradise
 
6 comments | leave a comment




 


 



09 october 2011 @ 06:59 pm
...*[fic] watermelon*...  


fandom: katekyoushi hitman rebornpairing/characters: gokudera/yamamotorating: r - for languagesummary: during a stressful peak in the line of family-service, the question whether one is going to fuck a fruit must arise.( "are you going to fuck it?"collapse )tags: fanfiction, gokudera hayato, series: katekyo hitman reborn, yamamoto takeshi   
current location: bedroom workstationcurrent mood: restlesscurrent music: todd thibaud - sacred
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


24 may 2011 @ 04:46 pm
...*what is this even!*....  


( haven't posted any art in here for a while...collapse )tags: fanart, series: naruto, umino iruka   
current location: usa - kuri's officecurrent mood: crankycurrent music: the ice cream truck melody
 
11 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























