







delivering on the promise!



































                        brought to you by 
                        








"delivering on the promise!"
        you've probably come to this site wondering what promises ameriplan® has been delivering on - well, since 1992 ameriplan®
        has been delivering on the promises of helping over one million members save more than a billion dollars on healthcare and
        helping thousands of families make millions of dollars with our incredible business opportunity,
        which helps them build a lifetime of residual income.
        
        if you are interested in "saving money" or "making money", ameriplan® is "delivering on the promise®" to help you reach all of your dreams!
    



visit my opportunity website
i want to make money


visit my membership website
i want to save money










view product video presentations
   
        








 
                    want a free prescription card?  fill out our basic contact form and receive your free prescription card today!
                









try our prescription lookup rx tool


                    here you can access information about the pharmacies in your area, as well as the cost of any products you require.  save up to 80% on prescription.
                    (discount only, not insurance)
                









please share my info with your social network!



tweet








start your business today, by sharing this link thru your phone contacts and social media sites! 

https://tinyurl.com/ybn653k3

enter a phone number and click send to share 
phone





send text








30 day money back guarantee

plans as low as $9.95 per month
for more information call 





30 day money back guarantee
             start saving today
plans as low as $24.95 per month
for more information call or text

                click to call :
            

                click to text :
            





ameriplan® programs are not insurance! 



                    © 2025 ameriplanusa    
                



                    corporate contact customer support800-647-8421
                    monday thru thursday 10am to 2pm / chat monday thru thursday 9am-4pm cst and friday 9am-2pm central time zone
                    corporate office address: ameriplan corporation, 5000 legacy drive, suite 300, plano, tx  75024
                












