








fda approved t-cell depleting agent | thymoglobulin® [anti-thymocyte globulin (rabbit)]
























prescribing information



home

kidney transplant acute rejection


about thymoglobulin


efficacy & safety


dosing & administration 

preinfusion
dosing
administration



20+ years in transplant














indication:

                thymoglobulin® (anti-thymocyte globulin (rabbit)) is indicated for the prophylaxis and treatment of acute rejection in patients receiving a kidney transplant. thymoglobulin is to be used in conjunction with concomitant immunosuppression.
            






important safety information
prescribing information
medical information
for u.s. healthcare professionals only


indication:

                    thymoglobulin® (anti-thymocyte globulin (rabbit)) is indicated for the prophylaxis and treatment of acute rejection in patients receiving a kidney transplant. thymoglobulin is to be used in conjunction with concomitant immunosuppression.
                










menu




thymoglobulin



home

kidney transplant acute rejection


about thymoglobulin


efficacy & safety


dosing & administration 

preinfusion
dosing
administration



20+ years in transplant










for kidney transplant immunosuppression:
protection in a hostile environment


thymoglobulin® is the only t-cell-depleting agent that is fda approved for prophylaxis of acute rejection.1,2

























multiple risk factors should be considered when evaluating the risk for acute rejection.3,4

view risk factors




thymoglobulin may induce immunosuppression through multiple pathways.1

see how it works




learn more about clinical trial data supporting the use of thymoglobulin.

view the data




the approved dose of thymoglobulin offers clinically demonstrated protection for your patient's new kidney.1

find dosing information


























important safety information for thymoglobulin [anti-thymocyte globulin (rabbit)]:
warning: immunosuppression.  thymoglobulin should only be used by physicians experienced in immunosuppressive therapy in transplantation.


contraindications. thymoglobulin is ...
            

contraindications. thymoglobulin is contraindicated in patients with a history of allergy or anaphylaxis to rabbit proteins or to any product excipients, or who have active acute or chronic infections which contraindicate any additional immunosuppression. 
            





important safety information for thymoglobulin [anti-thymocyte globulin (rabbit)]:
warning: immunosuppression. thymoglobulin should only be used by physicians experienced in immunosuppressive therapy in transplantation.


contraindications. thymoglobulin is contraindicated in patients with a history of allergy or anaphylaxis to rabbit proteins or to any product excipients, or who have active acute or chronic infections which contraindicate any additional immunosuppression. 
            

management of immunosuppression. to prevent over-immunosuppression, physicians may wish to decrease the dose of the maintenance immunosuppression regimen during the period of thymoglobulin use. dosing for thymoglobulin is different from dosing for other atg products, because protein composition and concentrations vary depending on the source of atg. thymoglobulin should be used under strict medical supervision in a hospital setting, and patients should be carefully monitored during the infusion.
            

immune mediated reactions. serious immune-mediated reactions, including anaphylaxis or severe cytokine release syndrome (crs), have been reported with the use of thymoglobulin. fatal anaphylaxis has been reported. if an anaphylactic reaction occurs, the infusion should be terminated immediately.
            

infusion-associated reactions. cases consistent with cytokine release syndrome (crs) have been reported with rapid infusion rates. crs is attributed to the release of cytokines by activated monocytes and lymphocytes. severe acute crs can cause serious cardiorespiratory events and/or death. close compliance with the recommended dosage and infusion time may reduce the incidence and severity of infusion-associated reactions (iars). slowing the infusion rate may minimize many of these iars. reactions at the infusion site may include pain, swelling, and redness of the skin. 
            

hematologic effects. low counts of platelets and white blood cells (including low counts of lymphocytes and neutrophils) have been identified and are reversible following dose adjustments. total white blood cell and platelet counts should be monitored.
            

infection and malignancy.  infections, reactivation of infection, febrile neutropenia, sepsis, malignancies including lymphoproliferative disorders (lpd) and other lymphomas as well as solid tumors have been reported after thymoglobulin administration in combination with multiple immunosuppressive agents. these events can be fatal.
            

immunization. the safety of immunization with attenuated live vaccines following thymoglobulin therapy has not been studied; therefore, immunization with attenuated live vaccines is not recommended for patients who have recently received thymoglobulin.
            

overdosage. thymoglobulin overdosage may result in leukopenia (including lymphopenia and neutropenia) and/ or thrombocytopenia, which can be managed with dose reduction.
            

adverse reactions. the most common adverse reactions and laboratory abnormalities (incidence >5% higher than comparator) are urinary tract infection, abdominal pain, hypertension, nausea, shortness of breath, fever, headache, anxiety, chills, increased potassium levels in the blood, and low counts of platelets and white blood cells. 
            

                during post-marketing surveillance, arthralgia/myalgia, lymphadenopathy, proteinuria, and decreased oxygen saturation tend to occur 5 to 15 days after thymoglobulin infusion and are consistent with serum sickness. symptoms are manageable with corticosteroid treatment.
            

click here for full prescribing information including boxed warning.

            click here to learn more about sanofi's commitment to fighting counterfeit drugs.




references:

thymoglobulin [prescribing information]. cambridge, ma: genzyme corporation; 2020.
atgam [prescribing information]. new york, ny: pfizer, inc.; 2018.
matas aj, smith jm, skeans ma, et al. optn/srtr 2013 annual data report: kidney. am j transplant. 2015;15(suppl 2):1-34.
hart a, smith jm, skeans ma, et al. kidney. am j transplant. 2016;16(suppl 2):11-46.


footnotes:
*approved for treatment of acute rejection in patients receiving a kidney transplant 1998. approved for prophylaxis of acute rejection in patients receiving a kidney transplant 2017. thymoglobulin is to be used in conjunction with concomitant immunosuppression.




home  |  
kidney transplant acute rejection  |  
about thymoglobulin  |  
efficacy & safety  |  
dosing & administration  |  
20+ years in transplant  |  
sitemap  
|  cookie settings




        © 2022 sanofi-aventis u.s. llc. all rights reserved.
legal disclaimer information and privacy policy 
        questions or comments? click here to contact us. 
        this site is intended for u.s. healthcare professionals only. 
mat-us-2017967-v2.0-09/2022






