

citation bibiliographic and research note software

































home

      |  the write direction
      |  product details
      |  free 30 day trial



      |  student version
      |  buy now  











a noteworthy research assistant
		 











 it is a simple concept: 
		when you are writing a research paper, you need to have
		your research notes and your references at your fingertips
		while you write.

			citation is the only bibliographic data manager that helps
			you do that.
	





 citation installs on your word menu.
references and notes are
	a click away.
*compatible with word 2010, 2013, 2016 and office 365.

  	
	



  
















 "a must-have for research writing."  




	 			.



			.

how does it work?

add bibliographic records for your sources as your research progresses.
	       	
you can include all the information you need
			    for a reference, along with keywords and
			    an abstract, to summarize the significance of the
			    work to your research.
			    
			    







			.


after you add a bibliographic record, just click the add note 
			    button to include research notes.
			    
when you tag your notes with keywords, citation can retrieve all your notes on a topic quickly and easily.
			    





	 			.




document templates take care of formatting details.






use your brain and time for writing.








one reviewer says . . . 

"when you don't have to worry about things like where does that comma go? and 
				is there even a comma in that citation? -- it's a very freeing experience! 
				being able to focus on analysis and word choice, rather than on commas and citations, 
				will make writing more efficient for any researcher . . . . "
	






let citation do the formatting    







trusted developer

software created by the write direction is signed with microsoft authenticode digital signature technology.
			the write direction inc. is registered with the better business bureau, and has been helping students and writers with
			their work since 1987. 
	





work anywhere

citation does not require a connection to the internet, so you can work wherever you 
			like! home, campus greenways, libraries, a friend's house, anywhere! better yet, we
			encourage you to put citation on any of the computers you use. no need to buy a second
			copy if you work on a laptop and a desktop!
	





versatile 

citation x is compatible with word 2010, 2011, 2013, 2016 and 2019. no need to 
			purchase different packages when you upgrade your version of microsoft office word!
	









@ a great price

citation includes apa, mla, turabian, script and table templates
			for all versions of word and google docs. in addition,
			you will be able to format references in 1000+ styles --
			including apa, mla, chicago, turabian, medical school styles, 
			anthropological journal styles, and bluebook (for legal documents).
	





take note!

citation includes special index cards that can help you keep track
			of your notes and comments as you research your paper. when you get ready
			to start writing, you'll have your notes organized, at your fingertips, along with the
			information you need to cite a study or quote correctly. 
			
	





powerful 

citation is a powerful
			standalone bibliography database program. that means it can work with ms word or any text editor.
			you can use it with google docs, power point, word press, 
			first draft -- whatever you use to write!
	




easy. powerful. smart.    











instructors
contact
support

orders


































