






art, architecture and design - london metropolitan university





























skip to content
skip to footer








search london met




















suggestions in courses
see all course results


suggestions in news

no suggestions found.



suggestions in events
see all events results




my prospectus (0)
staff
students










courses





undergraduate courses





all undergraduate courses


degrees including a foundation year


accelerated degrees


top-up degrees


browse by subject area











postgraduate courses





all postgraduate degrees


postgraduate teacher training courses


research degrees


professional courses


online courses











more courses





short courses


routes into teaching


apprenticeships


study at a partner institution


international foundation and pre-master's programmes













start in january 2025







about







jobs at london met





the university





our academic schools


our staff and students


services and facilities


university publications


key statistics












research and knowledge exchange


london met lab: empowering london


centre for equity and inclusion


sport and fitness


e-shop and payment services





venue hire


services for organisations and employers


schools and teachers


information for suppliers


corporate governance


environmental sustainability







+ more






applying





applying for undergraduates





term dates for undergraduate courses starting in sep 2024


term dates for undergraduate courses starting in jan/feb 2025


undergraduate entry requirements


applying through ucas


all term dates











applying for postgraduates





term dates for postgraduate courses starting in sep 2024


term dates for postgraduate courses starting in jan/feb 2025


postgraduate loan


postgraduate prospectuses


research degrees












art, architecture and design


routes into teaching


transferring students


mature students


offer holders


admissions policy


accreditation of prior learning




fees, funding and accommodation





bursaries and grants


fee reductions and discounts


scholarships


ways to pay


accommodation

















international





international applying





english requirements


entry requirements by country


applying from your country


dates and deadlines


meet us overseas











international advice





visas and immigration


living in the uk


funding your studies


accommodation advice











study abroad





study a semester or year at london met


spend part of your london met studies abroad


custom programmes for your institution













contact our international team











events







undergraduate open days







postgraduate open days







campus tours





all events





frequently asked questions about our events

















contact





contact us





send a message


request a call


chat online


call us


talk to a student











visit us on campus





attend an open day













how to find us







register your interest in studying with us











news






news archive


press enquiries


research hub


expert commentary











businesses






recruit our students


apprenticeships information for employers


request volunteers


career mentoring










why london met?

research and knowledge exchange

social media and student life

alumni

videos

the real london

 












london metropolitan universityschoolsart, architecture and design 






          	
          		art, architecture and design
          	
          
          our school of art, architecture and design
          








 play video 


your people, your places, your things 2025




deadline tuesday 31st december 2024, 5pm




art, architecture and design education declares









makeworks – our workshops and resources






 play video 


studios and units 2023–24









school renaming









art, architecture and design projects









shows and exhibitions









previous
next









school of art, architecture and design
internationally recognised for high quality teaching, excellent facilities and unique opportunities.






the school of art, architecture and design at london metropolitan university offers courses across a broad range of subject areas: art encompassing fine art, photography and fashion photography, english literature and creative writing, theatre arts, architecture, and design, which includes fashion, fashion textiles and textiles, interiors, product and furniture design, and visual communication.
learning through practice, playing with process and working with clients; students at the school gain real-world experience in both individual and collaborative projects, engaging with professionals, communities and companies. there is a strong emphasis in our studios on socially engaged architecture, art and design applied to both local and global contexts. the many specialist facilities you could find yourself using include wood and metal workshops, print rooms, darkrooms and digital manufacturing technology. our regular exhibitions, including our annual summer show and post graduate and research exhibition, attract large audiences.
important update: in 2020 we took the decision to remove the name of sir john cass from the title of the school, recognising that the use of his name contributed to the redemption of a man without acknowledging the enormous pain he caused as a major figure in the early development of the slave trade, and the legacy of this pain. the use of his name was incompatible with our commitment to support the black community and to actively oppose racism in all forms.
embrace studio culture and community
teaching and learning at the school is led by academic staff and professional practitioners in our well-equipped studios and workshops. students learn through making, experimenting with process and technique, developing the knowledge and skills for their personal and professional practice. students' work in progress is exhibited and celebrated throughout the year.  our inclusive and student-centred studio approach encourages peer learning and fosters the building of creative communities both during and beyond study. 
join award-winning architects, artists and designers
recognition of students’ work is widespread:

annually, students are selected for the month-long venice biennale fellowships through the british council. fellowships were awarded to amanni hasan hollands and amy young in 2023.
our architecture students regularly received awards or commendations at the annual riba presidents medals awards including ian davide bugarin and conor lawless in 2021 and oliver reynolds in 2022
fine art undergraduate jilly topping had her work shown at the royal academy summer show
photography graduate cristina fillimon was awarded the gold award in the 'places' category at the 2023 association of photographers' awards with her fellow graduate kasia kowalska awarded a silver award in the same category.





stay up to date
follow the school of art, architecture and design on twitter, facebook and instagram to stay up to date with everything that's happening in our creative community.
explore the school

projects 
works
shows
studios
research

study at london met

open days
funding your studies
applying and accommodation
enquire about studying here
register your interest














undergraduate courses in our school of art, architecture and design

previous
1/2
next






architecture (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
this london met architecture course with foundation year offers an alternative route if you can't meet the architecture degree entry requirements. apply now.





architecture (top-up) - ba (hons)
the top-up architecture bachelor's degree at london met is the first stage towards gaining a career in architecture. apply now and finish your degree in london.





architecture - ba (hons)
complete london met's undergraduate architecture degree course with exemption from riba part 1. take a step toward a career in architecture today!





art and design (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
explore a range of subjects during an initial foundation year, and develop the skills you require to progress onto one of our art or design undergraduate degree courses.





creative writing and english literature (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
london met's creative writing and english literature degree course with foundation year is the perfect starting point for a career in the creative industries. apply now.





creative writing and english literature - ba (hons)
this ba degree course in creative writing and english literature enhances your writing skills through the study of literary genres. apply to london met now.





fashion (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
our fashion (including foundation year) is an alternative route into higher education if you can't meet the requirements to enter the three-year undergraduate degree.





fashion (top-up) - ba (hons)
this exciting degree explores the dynamic field of fashion through visual research, design media, pattern cutting, draping and sewing. you'll develop and explore your individual creativity, honing the techniques and knowledge you need to make your mark.





fashion - ba (hons)
you'll work with industry experts and real clients during this fashion degree, to develop the skills and contacts you need in the fashion industry in london. apply.





fashion photography (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
this course is designed to help you build a portfolio of work and gain the necessary skills to begin an undergraduate degree.





fashion photography (top-up) - ba (hons)
the fashion photography ba (top-up) degree encourages you to approach photographic practices through challenging and exciting projects.





fashion photography - ba (hons)
with strong industry links, london met's fashion photography ba degree encourages you to approach photographic practices through exciting projects. apply.





fashion textiles (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
our fashion textiles (including foundation year) ba (hons) is designed to help you build a portfolio and make more informed decisions about your work.





fashion textiles - ba (hons)
london met's fashion textiles ba degree will prepare you for employment in the exciting sector of textile design for apparel. apply now and start your career.





film and television production (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
the built-in foundation year of this course is designed to help you gain the skills you require to study film and television production at undergraduate level.





film and television studies - ba (hons)
the film and television studies ba degree provides you with a wide knowledge of the film and television industries. apply for this course at london met.





fine art (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
this four-year degree degree with an in-built foundation year is ideal if you don't meet the necessary requirements to enter a three-year undergraduate degree in fine art or painting.





fine art (top-up) - ba (hons)
on this superb fine art degree you'll be taught by internationally renowned artists in our state-of-the-art facilities, attend international events and gain all the skills and expertise you need to succeed as an artist or in the art world.





fine art - ba (hons)
do you want artists as tutors, to work in amazing studios and have the creative city of london at your door? apply for the fine art degree course at london met.





graphic design (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
this four-year course has an in-built foundation year for those who don't have the entry requirements to start a standard three-year undergraduate degree in graphic design.





graphic design - ba (hons)
gain access to the latest developments within the graphic designing industry and develop your skills with london met's graphic design course. apply now!





illustration and animation (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
this four-year degree is an excellent choice if you don't have the necessary qualifications to apply for our traditional three-year degree in illustration and animation.





illustration and animation (top-up) - ba (hons)
the illustration and animation ba (top-up) will teach you skills in image-making and visual storytelling including children's books, graphic novels and app design.





illustration and animation - ba (hons)
the illustration and animation ba degree course will teach you skills in image-making and visual storytelling. apply now and start your journey at london met.





interior architecture and design (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
this interior architecture and design course includes a foundation year to help you build a portfolio while preparing to start your undergraduate degree. apply now.





interior architecture and design (top-up) - ba (hons)
the top-up architecture and interior design course at london met is designed to help you complete your qualification. apply and finish your degree in london.





interior architecture and design - ba (hons)
london met's interior architecture and design degree course requires a specialist way of thinking about how we occupy complex interior spaces. apply now.





interior design (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
this london met's interior design course includes a foundation year to help you enter an undergraduate degree. apply now and start your degree in london.





interior design (top-up) - ba (hons)
this interior design ba (top-up) degree will introduce you to the latest research as well as industry professionals. apply and finish your degree at london met.





interior design - ba (hons)
the london met interior design course gives you the skills to be an interior designer - covering everything from traditional drawing methods to state-of the-art graphics packages. apply now!





interior design and decoration (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
this interior design and decoration course includes a foundation year as an alternative route into an undergraduate degree. apply now and start your degree.





interior design and decoration (top-up) - ba (hons)
this top-up interior design and decoration course will draw upon the wide range of contexts within the interiors industry. finish your degree at london met.





interior design and decoration - ba (hons)
london met's interior design and decoration degree course helps you embrace decorative interior environments. apply now and start your career in london.





photography (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
ideal if you can't meet the entry criteria for a standard three-year degree, this photography course includes an intensive foundation year to prepare you for undergraduate study.





photography (top-up) - ba (hons)
step into our stimulating, challenging and creative photography undergraduate course located in the heart of london's arts and media hub.





photography - ba (hons)
step into our stimulating, challenging and creative photography ba undergraduate degree course located in the heart of london's arts and media hub. apply!





product and furniture design - ba (hons)
our product and furniture design ba degree is taught at the school of art, architecture and design, which has a rich history as the former london college of furniture.





textiles (including foundation year) - ba (hons)
our textiles (including foundation year) ba degree has a built-in foundation year that will give you the chance to explore broader art subjects alongside textiles.





textiles (top-up) - ba (hons)
this lively and creative course encourages you to explore the industry and apply your skills and ideas to visual research, design and textile making.





textiles - ba (hons)
our textiles ba degree course is lively and creative, encouraging you to explore the industry and apply your skills and ideas. apply now and join london met!





theatre and film (top-up) - ba (hons)
the theatre and film ba (top-up) merges cinematic and performance languages, explored through practice and theory. develop the skills required for successful employment opportunities within the international film and television industries, and within theatre and performing arts.





theatre and film - ba (hons)
the theatre and film ba course merges cinematic and performance languages explored through practice and theory. join this course at london met now!





theatre and performance (top-up) - ba (hons)
this theatre and performance practice (top-up) ba (hons) is taught by active theatre practitioners and companies.





theatre and performance - ba (hons)
build performance skills through acting and study how theatre is influenced by society in this london met's theatre and performance degree course. apply now!








postgraduate courses in our school of art, architecture and design

previous
1/2
next






architect apprenticeship (level 7) (riba part 2 and part 3) - march
this postgraduate journey takes apprentices through riba parts 2 and 3 over a four-year period whilst they continue to work in an architecture practice.





architecture riba 2 - march
our march architecture riba 2 course is design-driven and will enable you to focus your skills and develop excellence in your work.





doctor of philosophy - mphil / phd
phd students at london metropolitan university benefit from a supportive environment, as well as expert supervision by academics researching in a wide range of disciplines.





documentary film production - ma
under the guidance of industry experts you'll learn about traditional and emerging forms of factual storytelling, leaving you prepared for a career in this thriving genre.





environmental, sustainable and regeneration design - ma
our environmental, sustainable and regeneration design ma degree will prepare you for employment in this exciting and expanding field of design.





fine arts - mfa
you'll have the opportunity to work on a professionally commissioned brief on our master of fine arts course.





furniture design - ma
our furniture design ma is grounded in the understanding that design is a key driver for change in society and the environment.





interior design - ma
this research-led interior design ma addresses the needs of graduates from interior design or those who wish to collaborate with professionals in the field.





jewellery and silversmithing - ma
hone your skills and develop your identity as a designer in this highly-specialised jewellery and silversmithing master's course.





master of philosophy - mphil
with this master of philosophy programme, you'll benefit from a supportive environment and expert supervision by academics researching in a wide range of disciplines.





product design - ma
this research-led, product design ma addresses the needs of graduates from product design and related discipline backgrounds, or those who wish to collaborate with professionals in the field.





public art and performative practices - ma
build your career in the art world by looking at the latest innovations in public engagement and practically exploring professional and creative opportunities in this field. apply now!





textile design - ma
this research-led textile design ma addresses the needs of graduates or those who wish to collaborate with professionals in the field.





visual communication: graphic design - ma
this graphic design master's degree will enable you to enter the field of visual communication with specific expertise in graphic design.





visual communication: illustration - ma
this illustration master's degree will enable you to pursue your ambitions to work as a visual communicator with specific expertise in illustration.








latest news from the school
view all latest news from the school

previous

next










professor don macraild steps down as research leader at london met

at the end of 2024, professor don macraild stepped down as pro vice-chancellor (pvc) for research and knowledge exchange (rke) at london metropolitan university. 










riba awards for london met architecture students

london met architecture students are celebrating a string of successes in the riba’s prestigious awards in 2024










london met hosts wild ways research day 

local residents took part in a research day to influence ‘rewilding’ in london’s gardens










london met's award-winning architecture students

london met architecture students celebrate success, with ryan speer receiving a nomination for the prestigious riba award and olusola adebakin winning apprentice of the year










event: london met's postgraduate and research exhibition 2024

london metropolitan university’s school of art, architecture, and design is set to present its annual postgraduate and research exhibition, running from 11 to 14 september 2024.










yinka ilori transforms piccadilly circus with his latest installation 

london met product and furniture design ba graduate unveils spectacular new artwork inspired by the iconic london landmark










abigail jeffries wins big writing challenge 2024 for "city of the styx"

abigail jeffries from st. bernard’s school in slough has been announced as the winner of the big writing challenge 2024 for her story "city of the styx".










professor julie hall appointed as next vice-chancellor of london metropolitan university 

currently serving as deputy vice-chancellor and provost at london met, julie will succeed professor lynn dobbs upon her retirement.










london met students to display work at historic devonshire square campus

students from ba fashion, ba fashion photography, and masters in fine art are showing their work at the devonshire square campus art studio, dsqube from 12 april to 2 may 2024.










letters from venice

four members of the london met community share their experiences of participating in the prestigious venice biennale.










entangled threads: revisiting the clothes, cloth & culture group

creature research centre director, professor wessie ling has co-organised an event exploring cross-cultural entanglements and intersectional identities through clothes and cloth.










london met alumni antonio capelao launches architecture for kids podcast series

a new podcast that aims to engage children and young people in discussions about the built environment has been launched by london metropolitan university alum, antonio capelao.










london met unveils its 2024 national student survey campaign 

ma graduate arpita hajare describes how she created a 'simple, crisp yet meaningful piece of design' for london met's nss campaign.










creature partners the liliesleaf trust uk secure £1.2 million for anti-apartheid legacy project

london met's centre for creative arts, cultures and engagement (creature) will collaborate with the trust on a rolling programme of art based heritage projects. 










london met are planting for the future

staff and student project from the school of art, architecture and design to plant 420 saplings as part of woodland trust scheme.








research centres associated with our school of art, architecture and design
          
                     
          
                
previous
1/2
next










architecture of rapid change and scarce resources
research group
an established academic research area investigating low-income settlements in urbanised environments, from degree through to phd.










cities
research group
an established academic research area that strives to address critical urban challenges through a creative and collaborative approach. 










creature
research centre
the research centre for creative arts, cultures and engagement (creature) brings together interdisciplinary research in the creative arts, its practice, cultural impact and societal engagement.










cube
research centre
the centre for urban and built ecologies (cube) brings together architects, urbanists, artists and designers with collective research interests in environmental, social and cultural ecologies of cities.





 


online events – booking now

previous

next



aldgate campus tourdate19 feb 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendjapanese fashion on film, film as fabricdate26 feb 2025time6:00 pmvenue16 goulston streetattendinterior design masterclass: techniques in designing interior spacesdate3 mar 2025time2:00 pmvenueattendaldgate campus tourdate5 mar 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendseeing change: audio, visual and material cultures in activist movementsdate11 mar 2025time4:00 pmvenuegoulston streetattendaldgate campus tourdate19 mar 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate2 apr 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendmini open day – aldgate campusdate5 apr 2025time1:30 pmvenue16 goulston streetattendaldgate campus tourdate16 apr 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate30 apr 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate14 may 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate28 may 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate11 jun 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate25 jun 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate9 jul 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate23 jul 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate6 aug 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattendaldgate campus tourdate20 aug 2025time1:00 pmvenueold castle streetattend 








workshops and facilities for art, architecture and design




make works provides students with access to technical resources, workshops, facilities and expert technical staff.





access computers and specialist software




you’ll have access to facilities fully-equipped with pc or mac computers that are pre-loaded with the latest professional programmes to help you in your studies. 




previous
next




further information




research in art, architecture and design at the university
centres of research
find out about the centres of research based in the school, and other research institutes, centres and units around the university.





student and alumni profiles from our school of art, architecture and design
insider information
students and alumni who have studied subjects now associated with the school give us their thoughts about studying at london metropolitan university.





staff profiles in our school of art, architecture and design
lecturer biographies
get to know the academic staff of the school. many profiles include information about areas of interest, research and publications.












our locations
we currently have three sites in holloway, aldgate and shoreditch.
























useful links
contact us
press enquiries
jobs
online payments




corporate information
anti-slavery statement
governance
company and charity information
copyright and disclaimer
accessibility statement
cookies
privacy statement











© london metropolitan university










































 












