



delusion bordering on insanity — livejournal

























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































ch_ar_me
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














ch_ar_me







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






delusion bordering on insanitytogether, we were enchanted by a love that even the gods won't forgive...♪ 10 all weneed inthis worldis somelove♥
 

 



me


ch_ar_me
メル
 
 

fireflies in the gardenhere come real stars to fill the upper skies,and here on earth come emulating flies,that though they never equal stars in size,(and they were never really stars at heart)achieve at times a very star-like start.only, of course, they can't sustain the part.r. frost
 

gateways

profile♥tagstell me something? twittertumblr 김종운김성제 i wrote this for you free bitchestennis brosbenchesratbert
 
 
 


1st-nov-2015 10:28 pm - fo post ^-^ch_ar_mefriends only.more info. :)feeling:bouncylistening to:home made 家族 - thank you!! | powered by last.fm

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



30th-nov-2010 08:51 pm - 100 things that make me happy meme :3ch_ar_mei'll leave myself 100 comments, each with a separate thing that makes me happy. then you can reply to said things to your heart's content!snagged from analineblue. seems just about right i break my unplanned lj hiatus with this. :) like what she mentioned, tagging isn't part of the meme, but *tags everyone anyway* :d+ this david bowie alladin sane/ziggy stardust picspam makes my heart so happy. so gorgeous. so fabulous.+ new default icon for the season!+ i should make a proper entry. sometime.tags:mel is: really happy :))), memefeeling:mellowlistening to:goldfrapp - twist

158 have spokenspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


11th-jan-2010 11:25 pm - for when i'm sick and all i want is a hug (from you).ch_ar_mefirst playlist i'm sharing, so be kind. :3 made when my eyes were barely open with my brain insisting i need some music to listen to as i crash during the afternoon. tinged with full of sap because that is how i roll, as many of you know. d: a lot of piano and acoustic guitar, generally lulling songs i needed whenever i woke up, cos i can never sleep deep when sick. generally, i think it serves well for sleeping. :) fastest playlist i've built too, not even ten minutes and i was done. xda mix:for when i'm sick and all i want is a hug (from you)because blankets just aren't enough to keep the cold away.photo from: weheartit( tracklisting and download link under the cutcollapse )tags:damn you immune system, download, life. oh life. ooooh liiiife. oh life., when words fail music speaksfeeling:calmlistening to:emmy rossum - lullaby

28 have spokenspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



29th-sep-2009 09:56 pm - lift your head... baby, don't be scared... of the things that could go wrong along the way.ch_ar_mefrom pleasefindthis:you are 10 000 angels, standing in the rain (10 000 angels, treading water to remain).so earth, stay firm.my fire, burn.the sky, to fly.sweet water, subside.10 000 angels waiting for the sun (10 000 angels, each and every one).wax on wings.till hope it brings.to rooftops on high.till sweet water, subsides.from twitter: pleasefindthis: because the elements owe me one. and i wish i could've done more for my friends in the philippines than just retweet emergency information.stay strong, pilipinas. have a video. a picture. an article.donate: paypal; the philippine national red cross || information( i just can't let it go.collapse )*i'm going to leave all ondoy-related entries public. there can never be enough spreading of information.** this may be me asking for links to happy and cute and shiny and fandom-y things. because no matter how much i try to distract myself in fandom, it just doesn't work.tags:pinoy lovefeeling:idek.listening to:jason mraz - clockwatching

16 have spokenspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



26th-sep-2009 10:00 pm - i just need to post about this again.ch_ar_metyphoon ondoy, worst to hit the country since 1967. in six hours, the amount of rainfall we had was equivalent to a month's worth. it's been raining for twelve hours now. it's lessened, yes, and that is a relief, but less rain isn't what we need. it needs to stop completely, give the floods a chance to subside and for the rescuers to have an easier time in retrieving the thousands of filipinos stranded in this cold night.there are about 5000 stranded in trinoma, a big mall in quezon city. around a thousand in university of santo tomas (no, it's not usually a lake. trust me, i studied there). more in ateneo. not counting those stuck in other establishments and schools within the metro. uerm, a hospital, has flood water up to its third floor. almost a third of the whole country is under a state of calamity. it'll probably take both my hands to name the cities most affected by the floods.what's worse is there are still families stranded on their rooftops, up to now. we were talking about it at dinner earlier, how extremely lucky we are to be here, safe inside the company compound, a flooded backyard, with a very small chance of water entering the house our only worry. we're eating a hot dinner. we're warm. we're dry. we're sleeping in comfy beds. we have electricity from the company generators. we have water too.some can't even say they have one of those right now.cable has died, so the radio's tuned to a random am station. calls keep on coming from stranded individuals, and it's just so heartbreaking. only the location differs really. they talk about having pregnant women with them, children, babies, how they're at the roof, how they really need help now. twitter is full of worried messages, saying they can't contact their relatives, they're currently stranded, person a from adress a needs help, please rt.i mean admittedly, there are some lol-worthy stuff coming out. like the ondoy theme songs, namely under the sea, the sun will come out tomorrow and umbrella. basically from the ondoy tumblr, haha.this is my favorite picture though. :) classic pinoy, forever happy (as long as there's a camera, haha).it's going to be a long night. and tomorrow, we pick up the pieces. hopefully, we can go home to las piñas, check up on our house. we're confident flood water won't reach it, our house is built much higher than the others in our street. but if so... well. it's going to be a long day tomorrow.i actually have a bad feeling my room got flooded, because i know there's a really small leak at one corner of my ceiling. we were supposed to get it fixed this weekend. but yes. well. i know my books are safe at least. just... i don't want to think about it yet. we'll see, when we get the chance to go home. god i hope everything's okay.important phone numbers, because these cannot be spread enough.red cross: 143, 527-0000. centers for relief: red cross chapters in rizal, qc, valenzuela, bulacan. send full address of stranded friends/family to sen. dick gordon 09178997898/0938444boysnational disaster coordinating council (ndcc) emergency numbers: 912-5668, 911-1406, 912-2665, 911-5061. help hotlines: 734-2118, 734-2120.metro manila development authority (mmda): 136philippine coast guard: 527-6136bureau of fire protection region iii (central luzon) hotline: (045) 9634376meralco hotlines: 0917-5592824, 0920-9292824contact ncrpo 838-3203, 838-3354 for rubber boat requests. you can also text 0917-422-6800 or 0927-675-1981 for rescue dump trucks. appeal for those able, to lend 4×4 trucks for rescue. pls send truck to greenhills shoppng center unimart grocery to await deployment, tel. 09209072902office of sen villar to rescue stranded people:  0917-4226800, 0917-2414864, 0927-6751981more info is here: http://www.quezon.ph/2009/09/26/how-to-help/details for donations, both local and international, have details here: http://burymeinthisdress.com/blog/2009/09/where-to-send-donations-for-victims-of-typhoon-ondoy/please spare a prayer for my country.tags:pinoy lovefeeling:hopeful

17 have spokenspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



26th-jul-2009 01:30 am - dahil dapat lang na manindigan ako.ch_ar_mepilipino ako. parte ng kabataan. oo, aminado ako, buong buhay ko hindi ako nakialam. umiling lang at di pinansin ang nangyayaring kalokohan at katiwalian na nakapaligid sa akin. aminado ako, wala akong ibang alam na paraan para ipahayag ang saloobin ako, ang paniniwala ko. hindi ako ganun katapang, wala akong lakas ng loob, pwede mo na ring sabihing takot ako.kaya kahit dito man lang, sa maliit na paraan na ito, makikiisa ako sa napakaraming kabataan at mamamayan ng pilipinas.tutol ako sa con-ass. tutol ako na gamitin ang panukala ng charter change para lamang mapatagal sa puwesto ang mga hindi karapat-dapat na opisyal ng bayan. hindi ako papayag na hindi matutuloy ang eleksyon sa susunod na taon. hindi ako papayag na hindi managot ang gobyerno na di matapos and listahan sa haba ng atraso sa bayan.panahon na para makialam, magtanong, at usisain and nangyayari sa bayan.this is my stand.no to con-ass.no to the term extension of gloria macapagal-arroyo.enough of this corrupt and power-hungry government.kaya naman natin magbago at umunlad, diba pilipinas?tags:pinoy love, politics wtf?feeling:aggravated

4 have spokenspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


3rd-jun-2009 09:26 pm - kamusta naman pilipinas. *headdesk*ch_ar_memsn is still being a bitch and won't let me connect. ugh.in another note, i'm doing some blog-hopping to read on articles and entries etc., regarding the... absurdness that happened last night. i had no idea this was happening. damned house of representatives (or as they call it now, the bastusang pambansa) pulled off a constituent assembly on us. :|feel free to skip over, this is more a personal reference because i don't have the time to read at the moment.from twitter:#conass @ twitter (because there was no fucking coverage, and it all happened 'while the country was sleeping'. good job you guys.)articles/blogs:good morning manila: the asses have itmicroblogging keeps filipino netizens informed on conass in absence of mainstream mediahave you no shame? an open letter to the house of representativesfilipinos tweet, liveblog house of representatives debate on amending constitutionhr 1109 (con-ass) passes, captured realtime on twitter (with @coffeesparks' tweets posted)after con-ass, a cha-cha free-for-allnograles on con-ass approval: i'll bite the bulletlocsin on hr1109 (i knew there was a reason i liked teddy boy locsin <3)in the grip of electoralismsolons express their disappointment through facebook (srsly tempted to stalk them congressmen lol)opposition warns of "arroyo dictatorship" bloggers on conassget a gripeta: this entry will remain public and stay at the top of my journal because i have an obligation to my country. they can say it much better than i ever can.kahit dito man lang, may magawa ako.tags:politics wtf?, thinking is what i dofeeling:worriedlistening to:neverending white lights - from what i once was

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



2nd-may-2009 08:10 pm - time for some pimping~ch_ar_mebecause thundersquall (yay for new people to spazz perv over yesung with!) requested that i upload every singing cut rip i have of yesung. :d; (which means 20+ singing cuts orz) i apologize for the lack of credits but honestly, i have no idea from where i got the songs now, being really old files.( list of songs included in the rar file:collapse )on another note, calamari for dinner is the best thing ever. i love squid with a passion.tags:download, yeh needs his own tagfeeling:full

4 have spokenspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


1st-aug-2008 04:51 pm - i really should have done this ages ago.ch_ar_mefriends cut, but of the other way around.feel free to remove me. no questions asked, no hard feelings whatsoever.i don't unfriend people unless they want me to-the only reason this lj is locked in the first place is to hide my entries from certain rl people, nothing more. i've never done a friends-cut since this was created four years ago to effectively stalk and lurk in fandom while having a place to rant about life for myself. i have talked with probably only half of my flist, and that never bothered me before. because it's all about the fandom.cuts seem to be the in thing nowadays, what with three of them in my flist just the past week. so why not go with the trend?regret friending me? don't like me anymore and my entries and the fact that i don't comment on yours? change of opinions? we don't 'connect' anymore? any other small detail i can't think of? don't want to join me in my small nook where i fangirl happily regardless of all the wank happening? whatever your reason is, and you don't want me on your flist anymore, go on, drag that cursor over to my lj userpic, wait for the floatbox and click remove friend. easy right?as i said. no hard feelings, no worries, just do what you want.feeling:tired

linkshareflag
 

 
♪ 10 top this page was loaded feb 15th 2025, 1:53 pm gmt.  































