


the ask.com aerial blog



















    
	the ask.com aerial blog
	
  
cool places and things found using ask.com aerial imagery and maps





monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 indianapolis, in: rca dome
	 
    


home to this year's ncaa men's basketball final four



posted by resource at 12:31 pm






sunday, march 12, 2006



	 
	 vernon, nj: sirius satellite radio uplink facility
	 
    


the sirius uplink facilitythe sirius studios and offices are located in nyc.what's playing on sirius right now?



posted by resource at 2:28 pm









	 
	 washington dc, xm satellite radio
	 
    


satellite dishes on the roofwhat's playing on xm right now?



posted by resource at 2:24 pm









	 
	 colorado springs, co.: cheyenne mountain operations center, norad
	 
    


can you spot the entrance to the mountain?from the norad site:"in 1956, the idea of a hardened command and control center was conceptualized as a defense against soviet bombers. the cheyenne mountain complex became completely operational april 20, 1966. the army corps of engineers supervised the excavation and construction, using 1.5 million pounds of dynamite to excavate approximately 700,000 tons of granite. the actual operations complex is a series of 15 buildings, 12 of which are three stories tall. the entire operations complex is mounted on 1,319 springs, each weighing 1,000 pounds, that allow the complex to sway up to 12 inches horizontally in any direction. the tunnel structure is reinforced by 110,000 rock bolts six to 32 feet in length that function like molly bolts, pushing outward on the walls to prevent implosion or cave-in. the two main blast doors are 25 tons, 3½-feet-thick baffled steel."learn more about norad and cheyenne mountain



posted by resource at 2:02 pm






friday, march 10, 2006



	 
	 alexandria, va: washington international teleport
	 
    


now that's a lot of satellite dishes!learn more about the teleport.



posted by resource at 5:03 pm






monday, march 06, 2006



	 
	 dallas, texas: texas stadium
	 
    


home of the dallas cowboys. nice hole in the roof. (-:



posted by resource at 5:23 pm









	 
	 seattle, washington:  experience music project
	 
    


rock and roll all night!if you zoom-out a bit you'll spot the space needle. learn more about the experience music project.



posted by resource at 10:55 am









	 
	 sydney: australia: habour bridge and opera house
	 
    


two amazing structures.did you know you can climb the harbour bridge?



posted by resource at 10:46 am






sunday, march 05, 2006



	 
	 cleveland: rock and roll hall of fame and museum & cleveland browns stadium
	 
    


a twofer!r&r hall on the right, stadium on the left.



posted by resource at 2:21 pm









	 
	 vancouver, bc: stanley park and lions gate bridge
	 
    


a gorgeous park and bridge in a spectacular city.more pictures of the lions gate bridge (via ask images).



posted by resource at 2:16 pm









	 
	 los angeles: universal studios
	 
    


movie lot, theme park, and shopping area.learn more.



posted by resource at 2:09 pm









	 
	 chicago: john hancock center
	 
    


100 stories tall!the circle immediately to the right of the building is the ramp to the parking garage located inside the building. the jhc offers both commercial and residential space.



posted by resource at 2:03 pm









	 
	 edwards, ca: edwards air force base
	 
    


note the compass headings and runway markings written into the earth (dry lake bed)zoom in and move around. this is just a small portion of the base.



posted by resource at 8:40 am






saturday, march 04, 2006



	 
	 paris, france: eiffel tower
	 
    


great image!for more pictures of tour eiffel check ask images. fast facts about the eiffel tower.



posted by resource at 12:47 am









	 
	 london, england: buckingham palace
	 
    


the official residence of queen elizabeth ii



posted by resource at 12:30 am









	 
	 airports: hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport
	 
    


atl



posted by resource at 12:20 am









	 
	 canada/u.s. border: blaine wa and douglas, bc
	 
    


where interstate 5 ends and canada 99 begins.the superimposed thin grey line in the image is the international border. note the traffic at the canadian border crossing. avenue o (in canada) is the first street north of the border.



posted by resource at 12:06 am






friday, march 03, 2006



	 
	 toronto: rogers center (skydome) and the cn tower
	 
    


two landmarks in one image.rogers center is the home of the blue jays and argonauts.  cn tower is the world's tallest building, 1815 feet.



posted by resource at 11:53 pm









	 
	 airports: denver international airport
	 
    


den



posted by resource at 11:48 pm









	 
	 seattle, washington:  space needle
	 
    


the  symbol of the 1962 world's faircheck out seattle and the puget sound, live from the top of the space needle via a live and interactive webcam.



posted by resource at 11:38 pm









	 
	 st: louis: the gateway arch
	 
    


cool reflectionlearn about the history and construction of the gateway arch.



posted by resource at 11:17 pm









	 
	 los angeles, california: paramount studios and pink's hot dogs
	 
    


the lot at paramountnot very far down melrose avenue (melrose as in melrose pl. by the way) from paramount is the famous pink's hot dogs. yum! want to learn more about pink's? check out their entry in the citysearch database.



posted by resource at 5:26 pm









	 
	 cities: amsterdam
	 
    


check out the canals of amsterdam!



posted by resource at 5:20 pm









	 
	 hollywood, california: hollywood blvd. and the kodak theatre
	 
    


the academy awards take place at the kodak theatre seen in this image.oscar winners can be found quickly using ask.com. simply enter "academy awards" best picture/director/actor/etc. and a year and ask.com will provide the info as a smart answer at the top of the page. here's an example.



posted by resource at 5:11 pm









	 
	 college basketball: allen fieldhouse, university of kansas
	 
    


where they wave the wheat! rock chalk! jayhawk! ku!



posted by resource at 3:04 pm









	 
	 airports: o'hare international airport, chicago
	 
    


ord



posted by resource at 2:44 pm









	 
	 san franciso, california: the golden gate bridge
	 
    


from s.f. to marin county. always gorgeous!zoom in and out for some more great images. more images of the golden gate bridge (via ask images)



posted by resource at 2:22 pm









	 
	 ask.com hq
	 
    


+ hq in oakland 



posted by resource at 1:50 pm












links

ask.com news
ask.com images
ask.com web search
ask.com features

previous posts

indianapolis, in: rca dome
vernon, nj: sirius satellite radio uplink facility
washington dc, xm satellite radio
colorado springs, co.: cheyenne mountain operation...
alexandria, va: washington international teleport
dallas, texas: texas stadium
seattle, washington:  experience music project
sydney: australia: habour bridge and opera house
cleveland: rock and roll hall of fame and museum &...
vancouver, bc: stanley park and lions gate bridge

archives

march 2006









 



