

corvette radio









                                                                                                   
 free estimates  
              call  936-435-1811  

doctor don's                                                                                           
      

225 fm 247                                                                        
experience
  
              shipping form  

corvette radio

huntsville, texas 77320                                                             

                                                                                    

     
radio repair services
                                                                                                    

                                                                                                    
1950  antique wonder bar radio
                                                                                                                             or   
                                                                                        2004 compact disc 
multi-component system
                                                                                            we can restore it to factory operation        

                                                    
sales & service

                                                                         customer service is our 
#1 priority
                                                                                       
service dedication
                                                                       
            
we service radios, compact disc/cassette stereos and related electronic 
    components. our services cover complete operational  restoration including preventative 
    failure diagnosis and replacement of standard defective or worn components.

when sending your radio or stereo for service, it is 
    our goal to make certain that you enjoy trouble free operation with all 
    functions of your equipment.
our low cost is a result of our attention to detail and 
    our ability to diagnose electronic and mechanical design malfunctions.
these attributes allow us to focus on design procedures 
    for repair and testing that professionally restore your radio or electronic 
    component providing you with trouble free listening pleasure.
prices reflect all normal component failure part 
    replacement. if your radio or component is in need of additional parts or 
    services, we can in some cases take care of the situation at no additional cost.
damaged or excessively worn components may require 
    additional charges.
let us know if you are in need of any additional services, 
    we're always ready to help.
all parts and services carry a one year (non transferable) 
    warranty and we stand by our service. just let us know if you have any 
    problems. we are here to help.
our goal is to deliver the lowest cost while maintaining 
    the highest level of quality.
we will stand by you, customer assistance,  
    professional service, and the lowest cost.                                                                                                                                            

                                                            radio repair specialists
  
electronic mail
                                                                                                                     general information:
 
service@doctordons.com
                                                                                                                                                   sales:   sales@doctordons.com
                                                                                                                        customer support:
 service@doctordons.com
                                                                                                                                                
drdons.com
                                                                    
                 home 
contact
 experience
  shipping 
      form
                                                                                    
                 
copyright© 1998 - 2024 doctor don's

