


















































college of engineering | the university of iowa





































    skip to main content
  







the university of iowa






university of iowa





            college of engineering
          


top links


how to apply


for faculty/staff








search

submit search







search









site main navigation

aboutdean’s welcomepeoplefaculty and staff directorycollege leadershipcouncils and boardscontactsaccess, opportunity, and diversitystrategic plank-12 programmingemployment opportunitiesfuture studentsundergraduatemajors, minors, and certificatesscholarshipstransfer admissionsgraduategraduate admissionsgraduate fundingvisit uscurrent studentsundergraduate resourcesgraduate resourcesundergraduate-to-graduate (u2g)engineering libraryengineering technology centerhanson center for communicationdepartmentsroy j. carver department of biomedical engineeringchemical and biochemical engineeringcivil and environmental engineeringelectrical and computer engineeringindustrial and systems engineeringmechanical engineeringresearchabout our researchresearch newscenters and institutesresearch open houseresearch administration officealumnialumni awardsdistinguished engineering alumni academy membersalumni service awardoutstanding recent alumni awardalumni merit awardlegacy of iowa engineeringshare your updatenews and eventsannual reportawards and honorsdistinguished speaker serieseventsiowa engineer magazineiowa engineer 2024iowa engineer archivesmonthly newsletter



























pause















        iowa engineering
      




                    future students
                    


                    visit us
                    


                    employment opportunities
                    















the college of engineering is driven by talented faculty, staff, and students who are producing knowledge to address grand challenges around advanced technologies, health sciences, sustainability, energy, and the environment.our graduates are ethical, globally aware citizens whose work at iowa and throughout their careers makes the world safer and our use of resources more efficient.












        research excellence at iowa engineering
      

college of engineering faculty, staff and students are engaged in research that will improve quality of life and transform our world through engineering for human health, engineering for the environment, and engineering for emerging technologies.





 














 









        bme students seek patent for senior design invention, launch company
      













 









        university of iowa engineers contribute to one of time magazine’s 'best inventions' of 2023
      















        news
      







 









        military experience positions iowa engineering student for success
      





                  tuesday, february 11, 2025
                

            serving in the u.s. marines gave arnold “bill” bangel iii the focus he needed to pursue a phd in industrial and systems engineering. learning how to navigate a devastating loss gave him life perspective.









 









        iowa researchers studying aerosol data from international space station
      





                  thursday, february 6, 2025
                

            jun wang, professor and deo of chemical and biochemical engineering, is leading a new nasa study to gain insights into the complex interactions between aerosols and climate, enabling scientists to better predict and mitigate the effects of climate change.









 









        dare to discover campaign highlights engineering students, post docs
      





                  monday, january 27, 2025
                

            kaleb young, a university of iowa phd student in civil and environmental engineering, working to improve flood forecasting for the state of iowa, is among 10 engineering students and postdocs highlighted in the dare to discover campaign.






all news








        events
      








        resume reviews
      





                  wednesday, february 19, 2025 10:30am to 11:30am
                

seamans center


refresh your resume before the engineering career fair on feb.20!








        mocktails & mixers
      





                  wednesday, february 19, 2025 3:30pm to 5:30pm
                

seamans center


kick off career fair week with our mocktails and mixers networking etiquette event! 








        spring 2025 engineering in-person career fair
      





                  thursday, february 20, 2025 12:00pm to 4:00pm
                

iowa memorial union (imu)


the university of iowa’s spring engineering career fair will take place on thursday, feb. 20, from noon to 4 p.m. in the main lounge of the iowa memorial union. this event is open to all students and is a great opportunity to explore internships, co-ops, and full-time job opportunities. whether you’re actively searching or just starting to network and learn about potential employers, this is a valuable chance to connect.













        the university of iowa computing conference (uicc) 2025
      





                  saturday, february 22, 2025 10:00am to 7:00pm
                

university of iowa main library


"the uicc is hosted by the students and for the students to promote computing as a science and a profession."

date: feb. 22

check out past conferences! [ 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024]

acm@uiowa welcomes students, faculty, and all members of the community to our annual uiowa computing conference! the theme for uicc 2025 is "finance and technology." on feb. 22, join us at the ajb and the main library sham auditorium for a deep exploration of how computer science and...













        research panel event: students’ use (and misuse) of generative ai tools in the classroom
      





                  wednesday, february 26, 2025 10:30am to 12:00pm
                

university capitol centre


curious about how ai is shaping student learning? the office of teaching, learning, and technology partnered with 10 university of iowa faculty members to research how students are using ai tools and their impact on learning. please register to attend.

join to:


	learn key findings from the research, including students' experiences with ai tools integrated into their course materials, their perceptions of their impact on learning, and preferences for course guidance and policies.
	listen to a...




view more events









 

























the university of iowa






university of iowa




college of engineering



3100 seamans center for the engineering arts and sciencesiowa city, ia 52242    contact us  contact the web team   give today


social media


 facebook


 instagram


 x


 linkedin


 youtube





admin login



footer primary


current students


academic support


advising


research opportunities


scholarships


study abroad




footer secondary


faculty and staff


college space requests


engineering human resources


faculty and staff directory


thank a faculty or staff member




footer tertiary


campus safety


emergency info


file a clery report







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility

















