



















homepage - parkland performance





































































































search

facebook

youtube


productsdurable panels and moldingsceiling tilesadhesivesparkland tpo flooringwhere to buyinspirationfaqsblogsupportrequest a sampletechnical informationcontact us




search
800.835.4110











productsdurable panels and moldingsceiling tilesadhesivesparkland tpo flooringwhere to buyinspirationfaqsblogsupportrequest a sampletechnical informationcontact us






















 
slidewelcome to parkland performance walls & ceilingscrafted with care since 1990: where every team member matters, and quality comes naturally.
slideyour partner for transforming everyday spacesdurable wall, ceiling, and flooring solutions for commercial and residential spaces
view productsslideprotective moldingsa lasting finish to the perfect design.
learn moreslidewall panelseasily installed. always admired.
view products 






whether you need a waterproof solution for your ceiling, to protect your walls from day-to-day damage, or you need more durable flooring, parkland has all the solutions for your project.








total peaceof mind
it’s crucial to have non-toxic products that last for years to come. you can rest easy knowing you have the best solutions available for your project from parkland.





customizedsupport
every project is unique. that’s why it’s important that you have specialized support from start to finish.





limitlesspossibilities
we have global resources that make it possible for us to provide you with a wide range of creative solutions that are easily implemented.



shop retail




don’t settle for subparmaterials or service
whether you’re about to take on a home improvement project, or you’re an architect designing a build, finding the right materials can be challenging, especially if it’s a custom job. it’s crucial that you get the most reliable materials now to avoid problems later.




not having the best building materials for your project is stressful and limits your possibilities
that’s why we provide creative, long-lasting solutions with customized support so you have the peace of mind that your project will turn out even better than you imagined.

view all products





providing long-lasting wall and ceiling solutions for over 30 years


after 30 years of serving our customers, we understand what kind of materials it takes to make a building project truly successful. we are proud to offer you creative, long-lasting solutions and world-class support. it is also our priority to provide eco-friendly, non-toxic materials wherever possible.














what our customers say



thank you for all your help getting our orders entered and shipped. we really appreciate your quick responses and hard work. please let us know if you need anything.
john d.
k&j construction accessories, llc



exactly as advertised. easy to install, cut easily with a utility knife, and my wife loves the way it looks in her kitchen!
alex




flexible and stout enough to replace a metal door-kick-plate and repair/replace interior damaged drywall.
ken






shop retail



creative solutionsfor any space
we believe it’s important that your project is built out with materials that last for years to come. at parkland, we understand that our customers are looking for durable products that allow you to create beautiful spaces. that’s why we also offer customized support to help you find the best solution for your unique project.

view all products
request a free sample








ready to find the right solutions for your project?
here’s all you need to do:

if you need a quote for a larger project or would like a sample, simply fill out the form to request more information. we will contact you within 1 business day.
if you would rather shop retail, you can check out which retail stores carry our products.
once you have your materials, you can start building! if you have questions, we are only a call or email away.



shop retail stores










p.o. box 339104 yoder drivemiddlebury, in 46540



800-835-4110



customer.service@parklandplastics.com







products
faqs
where to buy
inspiration
sales reps
technical information



blog
request a sample
contact us
instagram
pinterest







copyright © 2025 parkland plastics, inc.
wordpress web design by digital hill | goshen indiana























