

books on solar, hydrogen, fuel cell, wind energy, biomass energy, all diy and how to and more..































we sell here what the 
							whole world desires; power!




mail order |
							

view/edit cart  
|  

checkout
contact us:  support =at= 
							knowledgepublications (dot) com








  

 follow us on twitter: 
							
							www.twitter.com/knowpub





join our facebook discussion group for 
									some of the best conversations regarding 
									energy.



<click here> 
																
sign up for our 
																emails - get 
																sales / specials 
																/ neat stuff / 
																no spam / did i 
																say neat stuff?



copyright 2016 knowledge publications corporation.  all rights 
			reserved. 





anti spam policy | dmca 
			notice | refund 
			policy | privacy 
			policy | terms 
			of use


							|
							
about us |
			  


contact us
|
			

shipping policy
 


























































































































































































































































							announcement











			welcome to knowledgepublications.com
			












			these are our best sellers
			





  





$34.95








							hydrogen manufacture by electrolysis- thermal decomposition and unusual techniques

by steven e. harris 
							isbn:374 pages    8.5x11 inches   [size]


this is the most advanced book we have on the prodction of hydrogen. electrolysis is covered in explicit detail.  the energy required, the voltages, the pressure of the cell and how it affects electrolysis, water qulity and its effect plus membranes and seperator materials.  the book covers the thermal decomposition of chemicals and how they break down into hydrogen.  everything oil based or grown in nature can be broken down into hydrogen with simple heat.  the book also has one of the most complete sections on all of the chemical cycles used and proposed for creating hydrogen.  this is not a beginners book, this is an advanced book for those serious on the subject of hydrogen.							









$19.95








							the chemistry and manufacture of hydrogen

by p. litherland teed 
							isbn:164 pages    5.5x8.5 inches   [size]


this is the most detialed book on the chemical production of millions of cubic feet of hydrogen.  this book is on real hydrogen production in volume. almost every chemical method is shown in this book.  it was written for the making of hydrogen for blimps, observation balloons etc...and they take a lot of hydrogen.  methods include metals and water to electrolysis to complete chemical cycles you've not heard of before.  instant hydrogen from units the french and british used in wwi and more.  this is one of the best books ever written on hydrogen, it proves that some of the best hydrogen experts ever were contemporaries of your grandfathers and great grandfathers. this is the first printing of the chemistry and manufacture of hydrogen since 1919!							


 
 
 
 
  





$19.95








							industrial hydrogen

by hugh s. taylor d.sc 
							isbn:214 pages    5.5x8.5 inches   [size]


the book covers hydrogen from steam and iron, hydrogen from water gas and steam, hydrogen from electrolysis, hydrogen from water with other chemicals, hydrogen from hydrocarbons as well as hydrogen from the decomposition of other chemicals.  also covered is the purification and testing of hydrogen.							









$24.95








							hydrogen generator gas for vehicles and engines: vol 8 hydrogen production from organic material

by samuel s. wyer 
							isbn:300 pages    5.5x8.5 inches   [size]


provides you with the fundamental knowledge upon which any rational discussion about hydrogen science must be based. contains information on the physics and applied chemistry that make up the foundation of hydrogen based energy production. this book was written by a great man named samuel s. wyer. we have republished his work, a treatise on producer-gas and gas-producers as, hydrogen production from organic material by partial oxidation and steam reformation.							


 
 
 
 
  





$19.95








							hydrogen generator gas for vehicles and engines: volumes 1 and 2

by compiled by knowledgepublications.com 
							isbn:170 pages    5.5x8.5 inches   [size]


the first book in our hydrogen generator gases for vehicles and engines series contains two great, complimentary works on the subject of producer gas. the first volume in this book is entitled producer gas: another fuel for motor transport. this volume will guide you through everything you need to know about producer gas from its history to its economics. the second volume, producer gas vehicles is for anyone who wishes to have a complete understanding of the true potential of producer gas.							









$29.95








							hydrogen generator gas for vehicles and engines: volumes 3 and 4

by compiled by knowledgepublications.com 
							isbn:250 pages    8.5x11 inches   [size]


yes you can run a generator on wood.  contains hands on diy step by step construction of a simplified wood gas generator for an engine in a petroleum emergency.  includes detailed, illustrated instructions for the fabrication, installation, and operation of a biomass gasifier plus it contains the handbook of biomass gasifier engine systems, which gives you all the theory and background on design, testing, operation and manufacture of small-scale gasifiers.  we have combined two unique works and republished them as the second book in our hydrogen generator gas for vehicles and engines series to help fill the continuing needs for information in this needed diy home power field.							


 
 
 
 
  





$19.95








							hydrogen  generator gas for vehicles and engines: volumes 5

by john d cash; martain cash 
							isbn:182 pages    5.5x8.5 inches   [size]


the purpose of volume 5 of the series is to set forth the possibilities of an often underestimated fossil fuel substitute: producer gas. this volume, entitled, producer gas for motor vehicles, not only details producer gas possibilities, but also clearly explains the methods by which producer gas can be brought into use in a national emergency. 							









$46.95








							alcohol can be a gas

by david blume 
							isbn:596 pages    8.5x11 inches   [size]


hey... do you remember that famous guy back in the 1970's, 80's that did all of that great stuff for mother earth news on alcohol fuel? that's david blume!, and this is his new book. this is the best book written on alcohol. it is so detailed there is even a chapter dedicated to running a diesel engine on alcohol. this is the book from the master of the subject himself. david has devoted most of his life to the perfection of ethanol as a fuel source for all of us.							


 
 
 
 
  





$24.95








							alcohol can be a gas 2.5 hour dvd

by david blume 
							isbn:   [size]


see david blume give a riveting 2 hour and 40 minute presentation about alcohol fuel from 2004 in marin county california. the nation’s first driver owned coop was organized as a result! this professionally filmed talk starts with the amazing history of alcohol as the first auto fuel, and covers a wide range of topics exploding the myths told about alcohol, a primer on how to produce it, car conversion methods, tax credits available, and much more.							









$29.95








							solar hydrogen civilization

by roy mcalister 
							isbn:246 pages    6x9 inches   [size]


a great book by a great man! a hydrogen world expert and pioneer, roy mcalister will be known in the history of energy more prominently than edison.  he is an expert who writes, not a writer who thinks he's an expert.  the book covers the past, current and future usages of hydrogen.  from how it was used in the civil war to how we will all live in a solar hydrogen civilization and what it will look like.  how will we make the hydrogen, how will we store and transport the hydrogen across the world. the book covers many methods of making hydrogen and the companion dvd explains those in even more detail.							


 
 
 
 
  





$19.95








							fuel cells - power for tomorrow

by d.s. halacy jr. 
							isbn:164 pages    5.5x8.5 inches   [size]


this is one of the few books in existence that explicitly gives you step-by-step instructions for making a fuel cell.  you can make an alkaline fuel cell (afc) in your kitchen with this book.  with photos, drawings, illustrations and descriptions, this book provides the in-depth details of the history, theory, operation and future of fuel cells. if you want to know more about fuel cells, this book is a must have.							









$19.95








							doe fundamentals - fuel cell handbook

by eg&g technical services inc. 
							isbn:430 pages    5.5x8.5 inches   [size]


get this book to start learning all about fuel cells.  the book covers permiable membrane fuel cells (pems), alkaline fuel cells (afc) like those used in the space program, phosphoric acid fuel cells (pafc), solid oxide fuel cells (sofc) which are the high temp fuel cells that are used by bloom fuel cells to convert natural gas directly to electricity at fuel cell effeciencies.  the book also coves molten carbonate fuel cells (mcfc) which is a close cousin to sofc.  the book covers stationary use as well as mobile and vehicle use of fuel cells.  the book is a treasure of learning about fuel cells.							


 
 
 
 
						









privacy policy




