












cfsph - the center for food security and public health


































































 













 donate  >



language:enes




								multilingual resources								


français

português

tiếng việt

ภาษาไทย













 

 
 
 






 






animal diseases





disease resource lists

transboundary animal diseasesanimal diseases resource indexzoonotic disease factsheets 
zoonotic diseases

zoonotic diseases and prevention 
 


disease resources by type

technical factsheetsgeneral public factsheetsdisease imagesdisease presentations 
resources by species

resources and diseases by species 
 


in depth disease information

african swine feveravian influenzaclassical swine feverfoot and mouth disease 
 
 

prevention





infection control and prevention

disease exposure routesdisinfectionfarm biosecurityforeign animal diseasesorganic animal healthsigns and visitor informationzoonotic disease prevention 
 
 

preparedness & response





animal health emergency training tools and resources

eradication plan for asf in the usfmd framework for u.s. movementforeign animal disease prepjust-in-time training for responderssecure food supplyall-hazards rural preparedness 
 
 

coursesproductsabout





profile

about the cfspha woah collaborating centreour purpose 
 


the people

our team 
affiliated

affiliated websites 
 


contact

contact usterms of use and privacyrefund and return policy 
 
 

 














free online courses on farmed cervid cwd programs
new resources for veterinarians and cervid producers
learn more









fmd framework for movement decisions
recommendations for making animal movement decisions during an fmd outbreak have been developed and are now available for further discussion.
learn more









biosecurity website for livestock and poultry farmers
visit virtual farms to find disease risks. learn biosecurity actions to take. create a biosecurity plan. all resources are free in english and spanish.
learn more









organic and alternative animal health
six courses, seven credits total of free ce on organic and alternative animal health now available.
learn more









highly pathogenic avian influenza
highly pathogenic avian influenza has been detected in wild birds and commercial flocks.
learn more






 
 





prepare for animal disease threats
the mission of the cfsph is to increase national and international preparedness for accidental or intentional introduction of diseases that threaten food production or public health.
support our mission 






 


zoonotic diseases 
resources on zoonotic diseases of animals and their prevention






 


farm biosecurity 
biosecurity tools to help prevent disease and keep cattle, swine, sheep, goats, poultry and farmers healthy









 


online courses 
online education and ce credit for veterinary students and animal health professionals






 


disinfection 
guidance and tools to select the right disinfectant as part of a biosecurity plan
















resources and diseases by species


aquatic animals


bovine


canine


cervids


equine


feline


honey bees


human


non-poultry birds


pocket pets


poultry


small ruminants


swine


















 


secure food supply plans

24 october, 2018,
                                        
                                            by                                            vered 

 the secure food supply plans for poultry, milk, pork, beef, sheep and wool were developed to aid producers, transporters and… 


read more 




 


veterinary biologics training program

13 august, 2018,
                                        
                                            by                                            vered 

 the veterinary biologics training program gives participants an overview of the usda regulatory process for assuring the purity, safety, potency… 


read more 




 


woah collaborating centre

1 august, 2018,
                                        
                                            by                                            vered 

 the cfsph was designated as a world organization for animal health (woah) collaborating centre in may 2016. the cfsph has… 


read more 




 


one health

20 january, 2018,
                                        
                                            by                                            vered 

 one health is the integrative effort of multiple disciplines working locally, nationally, and globally to attain optimal health for people, animals,… 


read more 









 

cfsph
rm 2160 patterson hall
1800 christensen dr.
ames, ia 50011
 




 © 2004-2025 iowa state university
contact the cfsph
terms of use and privacy policy
refund and return policy
employees

 




































