 





boxer friends inc. – giving boxers a new leash on life




































skip to content










boxer friends inc.


							giving boxers a new leash on life						




a south florida rescue group 
info@boxerfriends.org866-715-9743 









  
home
about us
available boxers

adoption fees
boxer breed info


applications

adoption application
foster application
volunteer application


foster
volunteer
sponsor a boxer
owner surrender form
contact us





  









				home			











featured boxers






click here for more available boxers






















gus 
fospice found
gus is a handsome senior boy who unfortunately had limited medical care before he came to boxer friends.  sadly, at this time gus is considered a hospice dog due to a tumor on his spleen.
since gus is a senior boy we are looking for either an adopter or permanent foster for him.  as a foster you provide the love and we provide everything else he needs.  please note a foster home must be within a reasonable distance to our vet in hollywood, fl.
if you are interested in gus please fill out the foster application or adoption application
click here for more available boxers
 















lucas 
*adoption pending*
lucas is a sweet senior boy who came to us when his family moved and left him behind.  it's also clear from the many lumps and bumps that poor lucas was not given the medical care he needed.  lucas has had several growths removed and is doing great.  lucas loves his daily walks and would love nothing more than a person/family that would take him on walks and give him a soft place to lay his head.
since lucas is a senior boy we are looking for either an adopter or permanent foster for him.  as a foster you provide the love and we provide everything else he needs.  please note a foster home must be within a reasonable distance to our vet in hollywood, fl.
if you are interested in lucas please fill out the foster application or adoption application
click here for more available boxers
 


















picasso 





picasso is a very handsome (approximately) 8 year old boy who came to us from a cruelty/neglect investigation.  picasso has some health issues that we are working on but overall at this point nothing that can't be managed.  we are currently looking for a foster for him while we wait for the cruelty investigation to conclude.  picasso walks extremely well on a leash and takes treats gently.  so far he has not shown any interest in other dogs he has met.  we are not sure about kids and cats.  please note the foster home does get first right of refusal when picasso becomes available for adoption.


our typical service area for adoption is southeast florida.


applications for fostering or adopting can be found here under the applications tab.





 
 
 















zeus 





adoption pending

zeus -  is a handsome 8 year boy who came to us when his previous owner had a change of living situation. zeus will still need some medical issues addressed and will be up for adopted in the next few weeks. 

our typical service area for adoption is southeast florida.


applications for fostering or adopting can be found here under the applications tab.





 
 
 


















mila and mack 





mila and mack are in need of a furever home. they must be placed together. separating them is not an option. both mila and mack have been spayed/neutered, vaccinated, on hw prevention and and treated for hookworms. 





if you are interested in mila and mack please fill out the foster or adoption application.  please note we do not adopt outside of our service area which is southeast florida.
 
click here for more available boxers
 















rylee 





update - adopted

rylee is an absolutely adorable 18 month old pup that has joined boxer friends. her previous owners state rylee has been good with children of all ages however rylee did not do well with one of the children in her previous foster home. rylee is a very sweet girl but she is also very timid therefore we are recommending a home with no young children.
rylee, in typical boxer fashion is a very energetic puppy.  a fenced yard or active family would work for her.  she gets along great with the 2 dogs in her foster home but they are seniors and she needs a dog closer to her age and level of play.  also, please note, we will not adopt her out to a home with another female.





if you are interested in rylee please fill out the foster or adoption application.  please note we do not adopt outside of our service area which is southeast florida.
 
click here for more available boxers
 


















boxer friends inc. is a 501(c)3 charity. we rely solely on donations and our special event fundraising to support our efforts to rescue more boxers. please consider making your tax deductible donation today! click here now and help us make our next rescue!
























adopt now
fill out our adoption application today! click the adopt now button to begin the adoption process. one of our volunteers will contact you!
 






adopt now!












 






 
 



upcoming events below is a list of upcoming events that our boxer friends booth will be set up at. please stop by, meet our boxers and help support our great cause! we also sell many items that we know you will love!
we look forward to seeing you!

doogie palooza 

revolution sunday jazz brunch sunday february 2, 2025
11:00 am – 2:00 pm
esplanade park, fort lauderdale
well behaved leashed dogs welcome.  look for our tent by the gazebo by the railroad tracks.

orange blossom festival february 22nd and 23rd
bamford sports complex
3801 s. pine island road
free festival admission

contact usplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *comment or message *submit new volunteer meeting missed the meeting but still want to help us? no problem…just contact us at info@boxerfriends.org
we’ve got lots of volunteer opportunities and we’ll be happy to help find what works best for you.

our partners 
vca hollywood animal hospital

vca hollywood animal hospital


annmag etsy

handmade quality knit and crochet items


boxer coffee company

boxer coffee company


king kanine

king kanine


 we are proud to be a partner of king kanine products including king kalm. please use the above link when purchasing products and boxer friends will receive a % back which helps us to continue our mission of saving dogs.

bissell bissell’s partners for pets
boxer friends, inc. is proud to be a partner for pets! bissell and lostpetusa.net have teamed up to help organizations like ours raise money, and now you can help too! when you purchase pet products on bissell.com and enter the code adopt at checkout, a portion of your purchase will be donated to our rescue. what’s more, every purchase goes towards an entry for us to win a $5,000 quarterly giveaway!
it’s simple.
• shop pet products on www.bissell.com
• enter the code adopt at checkout
• then select our rescue!



 







click for a cause please help us raise much needed funds by simply signing up and click for a cause.  every click results in .02 being donated to us and while the amount seems insignificant it really does add up quickly. you can also sign up for a daily email reminder.  there is nothing else to do...just scroll through the page and click on boxer friends every day.

click here


 







emailinfo@boxerfriends.orgphone866-715-9743addressp.o. box 460804
ft. lauderdale, fl 33346 

 




 

 
 













 



 

copyright © 2025 boxer friends inc.. all rights reserved.theme: colormag by themegrill. powered by wordpress.  






































