


squadron flight shop - sfs home



































menu








squadron flight shop














				sfs home
			



				custom products
			





			custom patches
		





			cop hero patches
		





			fireheropatches
		





			pvc patches
		





			pocket patches
		





			custom key fobs
		





			challenge coins
		







				checkout
			



				about us
			





			general public q&a
		





			sfs news new stuff
		





			contact us
		







				our past customers
			













we turned 38 years in business! we lead they follow !


welcome to squadron flight shopest. 1986squadron flight shop is 100% veteran ownedhigh quality custom aviation products, patches, key fobs, name tags, tail flash plaques, coins and more!  celebrating 35 years supplying the world's finest aviation, military, police and fire patches and products. we are ready to serve you and your embroidered patch needs.  we are so proud of the fact that we still serve many of our original clients from 35 years ago.we create, produce, and sell our patches to the greatest military organizations in the world - the united states navy, air force, marines, army, coast guard, the royal air force, royal navy, australian navy, german air force, just to name a few, our customers keep coming back!  ​we also produce patches for police and fire departments across the   country. we have also made patches for boeing aircraft,  lockheed,   us  air express, and many other airlines.    thank you  for coming to our website, we look forward to serving you.                                                                                                                                                                        rick rizzo, owner and president




news news news.......



leading the way!



sfspatches is one of the only patch companies that are an officially licensed navy patch manufacturer!  yes, we signed and followed the new laws and are navy licensed company















exclusive custom patches once again the blue angels and thunderbirds came to sfspatches to make there year patches... thank you to both teams for trusting sfspatches once again.. 












































the secretary of the navy and the vcno trust sfs, so can you!






we were honored to  make the only thunderbird's memorial patch for major stephen del bagno and we handed a patch to each member of the team and gave his family the patch as a small token of our gratitude for this amazing mans life.we also want to thank the following people for their help and donations, for witch this would not have been possible, kerry baker ( patch designer and donation), charles pitts,​mike strasser,  and myself rick rizzo.  









so sorry we do not sell to the public... we are only make patches in large amount do not sell what we make... so sorry...

we will help you design the new pvc patches or use your old patch and make it into this new amazing detailed and tuff pvc patch



we learned that our patches we made for president bush in 2009 are now displayed in his presidential library.  that shows the commitment to our customers, ask other patch makers if they have this honor?  sfspatches is the only company that has patches on display in any presidents library.... yes, that's commitment to how we make our patches!!! 








email we are again making custom name tags... email us at rick@sfspatches.com
squadron flight shop is now in its 36th year of making patches, coins and models.  i know how hard it is to find a good product at a good price so we are making this offer...our new promise and commitment to our customers! you will never pay more than $4.57 for any pvc patch (for the amount of 100) and all orders over 100+ this just keeps dropping and dropping. saving you hundreds of dollars. give us a try! boeing, lockheed, md helicopters, the blue angles,usaf thunderbird's, usaf, usn, usmc, usa, nasa, and even glock guns uses usand that's just a few of the thousands of our customers. give us a shot, we will make sure you get the best looking patch back ! guaranteed!!#lowestpricesforcustompvcpatches, #pvcpatch, #pvc
the official manufacturer of military / police and fire patches 









custom police patches, from one cop to another we will do it right! 


















 







 

 












god bless america and all who served her 





our past clients and some of the photos they sent to us... we are proud they chose sfspatches, we hope you will also... 
we now accept all major credit cards through us bank.    





















sfspatches copyright 1986 / 2024
no photos, drawings or info maybe used without the express written permission of sfspatches of las vegas nevada.
 
www.sfspatches.com
702-451-9500 ***  email   rick@sfspatches.comfollow us...



 



web hosting by ipowerversion: mobile | web
squadron flight shop




