



equity great danes















welcome to equity harlequin and mantle great danes located in spokane washington.we are experienced, ethical, reputable exhibitors and professional breeders of  akc show quality harlequin and mantle great danes since 1988. our desire has been to continue with the excellence of the bmw bloodline. working closely with other knowledgeable bmw breeders and mentors has been an incredible journey that we have enjoyed through the years. this has enabled us to own and enjoy the bmw bred danes that we have today. when we have a dog available to show, we then participate in akc conformation dog shows. at this time we are not actively showing or breeding great danes, give us about 1 year and we will be back in the game with fiery enthusiasm, without covid interruptions, until that time we will give you a referral to a reputable show breeder when requested.  i am currently a member of the great dane club of western washington.equity great danes does not have a face book page so you won't find us there. we do not do social media, we're old school plain and simple. please contact us through email and we will be happy to help.thank you for visiting,



 


email  us,click dane above






copyright equity great danes1999-2021no personal images within this website of my dogs may be used without written permission ofequity great danes.



 





please beware of the backyard breeder / puppy millers and simply bad breeders in the eastern wa and north idaho - coeur d" alene id, western montana area and vicinity. do your home work before you buy. if you're looking for a puppy, e mail us and we will refer you to a reputable show breeder / club member. email us click the dane on computer above. we always welcome new dane owners.



  


web graphics obtained at free graphics sites on the internet unless otherwise stated.



            
                 


updatedwarning!



  hh53c 
                         


established 1988



 


please donate to hospice of spokane by clicking the link






in loving memory of tia marie uchello britts,former long standing president of the gdcww.i'll miss you my friend, especially the emails, chats and texts.tia marie britts 5 / 2 / 1967 - 12 / 9 / 2019








