













home - concessions by cox
































































our services
our history
featured events
catering
be a vendor
careers
contact us
 






✕







small enough for personal service,
large enough to make your event a success!






our services
a full service special event companyexplore our areas of expertise:food & beverage management alcohol & beer management corporate & event catering special event logistics point of sale, cashless payments & atms event support equipment & services

our history
since 1957


concessions by cox, inc. is enjoying over sixty years in the food and beverage industry serving special events throughout the country.the company started in 1957 with charles cox selling ice cream from a soft serve ice cream truck and today the company bear little resemblance to its origination with the exception of its continuous offering of a family-owned, hands-on management and their consistency of personal service. today concessions by cox has offices in two states (ohio and georgia) and currently serves over four hundred events each year with attendance of over thirty million people throughout several states.contact us today
featured events we've served

ohio state fair
the ohio state fair is one of the largest state fairs in the united states, held annually in columbus, ohio.
georgia national fair
the georgia national fair an 11-day state fair held each year in october in perry, georgia. it was first held in 1990.
good guys car show
the good guys car show is one of the largest hot rod and custom car shows in the united states.
kentucky derby festival
the kentucky derby festival is an annual festival, during the two weeks preceding the kentucky derby and is kentucky's largest single annual event.
all american quarter horse congress
the all american quarter horse congress is the largest single breed horse show in the world held in columbus, ohio.
indy 500
the indianapolis 500, "the greatest spectacle in racing", takes place annually at indianapolis motor speedway and is synonymous with speed, tradition & innovation.
music city grand prix
the music city grand prix is an indycar series race held at the nashville street circuit in nashville, tennessee.
ohio country concert
country concert at hickory hill lakes, fort loramie, ohio is the premier annual music and camping event in the midwest with attendance of 80,000.catering
we offer a wide range of catering services from both our georgia and ohio locations to fit the needs of your event. as a family operated business, catering by cox can be trusted to cater any size event and exceed any expectations you and your guests may have. from planning the menu to event setup, we will be there to guide you each and every step of the way. whether it is a family party, wedding, or large corporate function, we deliver the best food, service, and value to you.
view the menus and see a sample of our catering work below.view the ohio catering menu
view the georgia catering menu
be a vendorare you interested in becoming a vendor with concessions by cox?
learn more
careers with coxjoin the concessions by cox team. apply for one of our job openings today!
learn more
our company
cox bythe numbers30 millionattendees
400events annually 
300+employed annually
"in our business,the customer is king!”


















ohio
7035 duncan road sw
lancaster, ohio 43130
ohio@cbycox.com
614.297.0735




georgia
401 larry walker parkway
perry, ga 31069
perry@cbycox.com
478.988.1228




	visit our social media

   








                copyright © 2024 concessions by cox & catering by cox. all rights reserved.              






























