


private maui vacation rental homes | wailea beach villas | andaz maui | montage kapalua





























vacation rental listings
availability calendar
contact a staff member
submit a rental inquiry
our staff & services
rave reviews
our privacy statement
the reservation process
photo galleries
terms & conditions
concierge services
friends & business affiliates
homepage













“delight in every moment”




	throughout 2025 we will be celebrating 30 years of successfully exceeding customer expectations. reserve your vacation home on maui managed and offered for rent by private paradise villas and "delight in every moment" with impeccable property care and "your own personal concierge".




 click here to visit all of our luxury vacation residences 
 contact us 
 christmas & new years 2025-2026 
 availability calendar 
 rave reviews 
 about private paradise villas & our services 






		the vacation residences featured in the private paradise villas boutique collection serve as your own private paradise where you can relax and refresh in true luxury and true togetherness with every comfort and convenience provided. select one of our exclusively managed and sumptuously prepared resort villas or homes, and experience an effortless vacation where you can "delight in every moment".

		add value and pleasure to your precious holiday with an abundance of personal pampering enhancements. contact your personal concierge and travel experts for information and reservations for all of you and your family's travel needs, private in-villa chef service, private yoga, massage, and other wellness and fitness fun, art, cultural and sightseeing explorations, private boat/sailing/scuba or snokel charters, helicopter or hiking charters, golf and dining reservations, personalized itineraries, private transfers and transport, and other experiences that are custom crafted and exclusive to private paradise villas.

		take comfort in knowing that we are the hands-on personal on-island property management and rental agent designated by the property owner for your rental residence. you are dealing with the direct rental source when you do business with private paradise villas. we are a fully licensed firm with over 30 years of experience providing dependable and knowledgable 5-star equivalent service for all your accommodation needs, including complimentary personal concierge service. we look forward to personally welcoming you to "your own private paradise" where you are greeted and serviced by a professional and dependable group of "locals" for a genuine and authentic travel experience.





"the villa was absolutely beautiful and wonderfully appointed...

we just returned from a wonderful visit and stay at i404. we especially enjoyed the lovely original artwork. we enjoyed several dinners prepared on the grill from our lanai dining table and of course loved having our breakfast there every morning. the view of the sunsets are even more beautiful than the pictures posted. the separate sub zero wine cooler was a great surprise and very useful!! a few special things we enjoyed were the binoculars, the easy to use tv remotes, the electric/battery operated shades, the great robes and toiletries and an excellent grill!! while we just canï¿½t give enough praise to the homeowner for their beautiful home we were so spoiled with the wonderful attention and enhancements from private paradise villas. their service with booking the stay, advice on local activities and restaurants (they provide a well written binder containing everything you could possibly need), referring us to a great cab company, our wonderful welcome upon arrival and the fantastic welcome basket full of pastries and fruit and beautiful flowers were so appreciated!!! it was obvious that the first class and personal touches and attention provided by private paradise went well well beyond a corporate management organization. we will definitely return to i404 and if already booked we would only stay with another home managed by them. note-we have no connection to private paradise villas, we were just very impressed with their service!"
		
—  the m family



	"unbelievably amazing!!!
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
i almost don't want to write this review because i want to keep this place a secret so we can come back again and again!!! we had such an amazing time... i cannot say enough good things about ocean dreams villa, the montage and the property management company. this villa was not only stunning but it was packed with absolutely every amenity that you could think of. we enjoyed ourselves so much that we are hoping to return again next year!!! kapalua bay is so beautiful as is the montage. the service was impeccable and we loved that it was not crowded. honestly, this was the best vacation ever and ocean dreams villa exceeded our expectations."
	
—  the d family



	"amazing getaway in paradise!
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
my wife and i along with our 2 sons and their wives, just returned from a week at wailea beach villas j405. from the moment i first contacted private paradise villas, all the way to the greeting and villa walk through, they have been absolute professionals. i even told them that this was a surprise trip for my family and they helped me to keep the secret. everything was done as promised, including all paperwork and transactions.
now for the villa. i had been looking at the pictures of j405 for some time wondering if it will look like it does in the photos, because sometimes the pictures look so much better. i was wrong, the pictures don't do it justice, the 3 bedroom, 3 bath unit was amazing. absolutely spotless when we walked in, completely stocked with everything that we needed in the bathrooms, bedrooms and especially the kitchen. full of top of the line appliances, gadgets and gizmos. we took full advantage of making most of our meals in the kitchen or the outdoor viking grill and then eating outside on the lanai at our table for six, watching the sunset almost every night. whether it was grilling outside or using the stove top, everything was there at our disposal. it was truly a week in paradise.
the wailea beach villas complex was beautiful, from the superb landscaping to the lobby to the short walk down to the infinity adult pool, the pool and beach attendants, the security guard house as you drove in, everything felt so exclusive, always relaxed, never stuffy and every member of the staffï¿½ everyone, was always smiling and super friendly. we have already talked about going backï¿½ the best vacation that weï¿½ve had.
in the past, any family trip consisted of staying in a hotel and having to book 3 rooms, while dealing with large crowds that can sometimes get too rowdy and going out for every meal. this trip has changed all of that and raised the bar at the same time. we can't imagine ever staying in a hotel again.
we will be back and only use private paradise villas. thank you all for making our trip so memorable."
		
	— the b family



	"bali hai beach villa f102
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
outstanding!!!! from the beautiful villa to the complete and competent management! we have stayed at many rentals in the last 30 years and this was by far the best overall experience! we would definitely stay again and recommend privae paradise villas to friends and family! aloha!"

— the h family



	"outstanding holiday vacation in maui
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
our entire stay was outstanding due to the efforts of private paradise villas. from the the initial process of establishing a reservation through the entire trip everything was first class. the villa itself was beautiful and extremely well maintained. everything we needed during our stay was available in the villa including everything we needed in the kitchen. the grounds are impeccable. the daily service was professional and excellent. the proximity to the pools and beach was fantastic and the service crew at the beach was outstanding. the shops at the wailea village are an easy walk for any immediate needs. numerous restaurants are within walking distance. highly recommend the wailea villas and the private paradise villas for anyone looking for an unforgettable experience."

— the g family



	"paradise!
			★ ★ ★ ★ ★
			 i do extensive research via trip advisor etc before i travel. everything you read here about wailea beach villas is true! we did not want to leave and we are already trying to figure out when we can get back to wbv. we stayed at azure azul m212 and booked this villa through private paradise villas. the villa was the nicest and best equipped property that we have ever rented. the service through private paradise villas was top notch. we loved the wrap around veranda and the fact that we could open the walls to make this one big living space."
		
— the h family



			"our family of 6, 2 teen boys and 2 teen girls, had the pleasure of staying at bella luna in march. it was even better than the pictures! sure it was a splurge, but there is simply no better accommodations to be had in the wailea area. the unit was so complete and so well stocked that there was not one single thing we could think of that wasn't already there. the furnishings were spectacular, the view from the lanai was breathtaking, and the sliding glass walls allowed us to enjoy the open air all the time. the appliances, electronics, were all top notch, as were the cookware and dishes.

			i was impressed too with the management company, private paradise villas. they were really on top of everything to make sure our trip was special. we will definitely go back to wailea and stay in this unit again. i wouldn't want to stay anywhere else!"
		
— the l family



"private paradise villas is the real deal - a genuine dream team of vacation experts for anyone wanting a spectacular holiday!

			i want to send this message of thanks and appreciation to you and all of the other behind-the-scenes staff at private paradise villas. this has been a wonderful holiday for our family which would not have been possible without your help in guiding us towards this gorgeous villa. you have been efficient, kind, organized, conscientious, insightful, and a model of integrity.

			many, many thanks to you all, and our best wishes for continued success with clients on both sides of the ledger - the ones who own the villas and the ones who rent them. you do a great job balancing the equation for all parties."
		
— the f family




	more about private paradise villas...

	ownership, management structure, team members, and office locations are all unchanged. we have changed our email addresses and phone extensions. go to the contact us page for updated email and phone contact information.

	private paradise villas is the direct rental source in hawaii for a select boutique collection of curated 5-star equivalent vacation estates, resort villas, secluded retreats, and romantic hideaways. based in sunny kihei, we are the original villa rental agency that pairs sublime vacation residences with complimentary "personal concierge service"®. in 2025, private paradise villas celebrates 30 years of exceeding customer expectations!

	this is the official web site for a select and exclusive hand-picked collection of extraordinary and exquisite resort residences, located within the "wailea beach villas", "montage kapalua bay", "andaz maui at wailea", and "makena surf", all of which are beach front paradises set on the island of maui. the exceptional resort residences featured on this web site are managed by our very own in-house property management team and private paradise villas serves as the direct reservations source.

	if you are seeking a vacation villa nestled within a beachfront resort, select one of the many privately owned and managed accommodations offered by private paradise villas, and your reservation will be confirmed without having to pay a premium to receive the individual villa of your choice.

	for those seeking unequaled personal privacy for solace and pure rest and relaxation, choose from one of mauiï¿½s best private estates and homes, including legal and licensed short-term vacation rental properties such as ka`anapali sea shells beach house, wailea sunset estate, wailea sunset bungalow, sapphire seas beach estate, mango surf beach house, and moana hideaway. true beach or ocean front legal and licensed private homes are rare on the island of maui. private paradise villas exclusively manages the majority of them and offers you the best selection available.

	create your own private paradise sm with the complimentary benefits of our trend-setting "personal concierge service" - your ultimate resource for personalized vacation planning. the full enjoyment of all types of ocean recreation, adventure sports, spa services, personal pampering, and custom itineraries are just a phone call away. our highly experienced staff have served many satisfied guests in the luxury hotel and hospitality industry for an aggregate of more than fifty years, including stints as chief concierge or concierge consultant at four seasons hotels in maui, seattle, beverly hills, and tokyo. our service is entirely custom and reflects the individual expectations of each guest. whether you are seeking new-luxury "sophistication without pretense" or traditional-luxury with "every wish indulged", the experienced and attentive staff of private paradise villas will anticipate and accommodate your needs with exacting attention to detail.

	private paradise villas hawaii is an "a la carte" villa rental agency. unlike the many residence or destination clubs where you may be asked to pay out large sums in the form of upfront membership fees with annual dues, private paradise villas gives you the freedom to choose any one of hawaii's best vacation homes or villas without entering into a long-term investment. for each visit, you "pay as you go" on a per-rental basis, while choosing between many tempting options that range from contemporary glass walled estates, polynesian teak palaces or enchanting vintage beach cottages.

	within this web brochure you may sort a variety of options by island, resort area, number of bedrooms, per night rate, and other practical criteria. professional quality photographs, an automated availability calendar, guest testimonials, and useful visitor links are other highlights.

	private paradise villas is a state of hawaii licensed real estate brokerage rb#17787, state of hawaii licensed resident limited lines insurance producer #308034 (entity id# 202045). member of the realtors association of maui, hawaii association of realtors, and national association of realtors. "private paradise villas", "personal concierge service", and "your own private paradise"® are trade names and service marks protected by the state of hawaii business registration division and uspto registrations. we are in "good standing" with the state of hawaii department of commerce and consumer affairs.

	the entire contents of this web brochure including all entity names, slogans, property names, photos, and all verbiage are the sole and exclusive property of private paradise villas. they may not be duplicated in whole or in part, and may not be used in any media, or for any other purpose, without our prior written permission. all rights reserved 2025.











			rental payments powered by yapstone, inc.
		

		for disclosures and information about consumer complaints regarding your
		payments, please see: https://www.yapstone.com/legal/licenses/






