

























home | banff centre













































      skip to main content
    









































programs








view programs









arts





indigenous arts


visual arts


literary arts


dance


music


opera


theatre


mountain culture


professional training programs


leighton artist studios


  








leadership





indigenous leadership


  


  

shows & festivals









events





performances & arts events


banff summer arts festival 2024


house programs


box office


  








mountain film festival





world tour


banff on demand


2024 festival


competitions, awards & workshops


  


banff international string quartet competition





competitor information


tickets & packages


  


  

stay & dine

































restaurants





maclab bistro


vistas dining room


three ravens restaurant & wine bar (closed)


  

hotels


banquets & receptions


  

conference centre







our conference centre


meeting spaces & convention facilities


hotel & dining


the destination


  

campus facilities







sally borden fitness


walter phillips gallery


library & archives


artist facilities


map & directions


webcam


  

about us







about us


work with us


subscribe to newsletters


support us


contact us


strategic plan



governance





banff centre foundation


board of governors


senior leadership team


  

  



























search



























donate










































































      arts and leadership programs






apply now for 2025-26 programs. 
 






learn more









      photo by rita taylor









































      current exhibition






facing photographswalter phillips galleryfebruary 14 – may 4, 2025







learn more









      evergon, 'self portrait,' 1978 (detail.) collection of banff centre for arts and creativity.









































      support banff centre






the world needs more of the vision, creativity, and extraordinary collaborations that can only happen at banff centre.







invest in creativity












































      ballet edmonton momentum tour






march 8, 2025







get tickets









      image from meteorite. performed by artists from ballet edmonton. photo credit: nanc price.







previous slide


next slide






























englishfrench









































  home













































                        inspiring artists, leaders and creatives since 1933
      
      







banff centre for arts and creativity is a learning organization built upon an extraordinary legacy of excellence in artistic and creative development. from our home in the stunning canadian rocky mountains, banff centre for arts and creativity aims to inspire everyone who attends our campus – artists, leaders, and thinkers – to unleash their creative potential.










































      programs














































































      residency


















program dates 




july 28, 2025


 - 




august 15, 2025













  jazz & sonic arts 2025 






    
                  jazz & sonic arts is a program for jazz and sound artists to explore new directions in their artistic practice and advance their creative potential.
      
  








application deadline february 19, 2025 




view program

































































      residency


















program dates 




may 23, 2025


 - 




june 06, 2025













  art of piano 2025






    
                  art of piano is a development program for pianists to hone skills and discover your artistic voice. be inspired by world-renowned pianists and mentors!
      
  








application deadline february 26, 2025 




view program

































































      residency


















program dates 




july 21, 2025


 - 




august 22, 2025













  early career banff artist in residence - summer 2025 






    
                  banff artist in residence (bair): early career 2025 is an immersive program of studio practice, creative exploration, critical feedback and mentorship.
      
  








application deadline february 26, 2025 




view program























view all programs


















we recognize, with deep respect and gratitude, our home on the side of sacred buffalo guardian mountain. in the spirit of respect and truth, we honour and acknowledge the banff area, known as “minihrpa” (translated in stoney nakoda as “the waterfalls”) and the treaty 7 territory and oral practices of the îyârhe nakoda (stoney nakoda) – comprised of the bearspaw, chiniki, and goodstoney nations – as well as the tsuut’ina first nation and the blackfoot confederacy comprised of the siksika, piikani, and kainai. we acknowledge that this territory is home to the shuswap nations, ktunaxa nations, and metis nation of alberta, rockyview district 4. we acknowledge all nations who live, work, and play here, help us steward this land, and honour and celebrate this place.
























      events
















































































  facing photographs







      'facing photographs,' on from february 14 - may 4, 2025, brings together works primarily selected from banff centre's permanent collection.




read more



































































date: wed, feb 19 @ 7:00 pm
max bell auditorium









  write over here: indigenous screenwriters residency showcase







      don't miss this showcase of a curated collection of short films by participants from the write over here indigenous screenwriters residency. 














attend

















                  $0.00
      











































































date: thu, feb 20 @ 7:30 pm
max bell auditorium

on sale
wed, jan 22 @ 12:00 pm










  community film screening: mongolia valley of the bears







      join us for a screening of the winner of the 2024 best film - mountain culture at the banff centre mountain film and book festival!














view event

















                  $15.00
      






























view all events


















come for the show.stay for the view.
book a room









































      stories















































































  banff centre for arts and creativity announces karen zalamea winner of the 2025 barbara spohr memorial award







      the photography prize is now given annually to any mid-career canadian artist advancing the field of contemporary photography



read more

































































  champions of the golden valley wins the 2024 banff centre mountain film competition grand prize and the audience choice award







      champions of the golden valley win the grand prize in the 2024 banff centre mountain film festival.



read more

































































  2024 banff centre mountain book competition announces book winners







      the banff centre mountain film and book festival is excited to announce the winners of the esteemed 2024 book competition.



read more






















read more



































                        banff centre is hiring.
      
      





apply today








































      virtual inspiration
















































































  opera in the 21st century 2022 







      virtually explore a selection of contemporary opera scenes featuring performances from the 2022 cohort.




read more





























































  literary arts reading list







      our director of literary arts, derek beaulieu, recommends these titles by banff centre faculty and friends.



read more





























































  indigenous haute couture high fashion virtual open studios







      in this online version of our open studios events, we highlight the work of the indigenous haute couture participants.



read more




















 
 
  




























phone (main switchboard)
403.762.6100

address
    107 tunnel mountain drive
    po box 1020
    banff, alberta
    canada
    t1l 1h5


find us on google maps

























footer






about banff centre


about us


history


mission/vision


strategic plan


president's message


en français




banff centre operations


maps & directions


admissions office


participant resources


student portal


work with us


contact us




banff centre communications


subscribe to newsletters


news & stories


media room


publications




banff centre small print


policies & procedures


digital privacy statement


terms of use










































banff centre is supported by



































































cca_rgb_black_e





















































follow us























donate









































we recognize, with deep respect and gratitude, our home on the side of sacred buffalo guardian mountain. in the spirit of respect and truth, we honour and acknowledge the banff area, known as “minihrpa” (translated in stoney nakoda as “the waterfalls”) and the treaty 7 territory and oral practices of the îyârhe nakoda (stoney nakoda) – comprised of the bearspaw, chiniki, and goodstoney nations – as well as the tsuut’ina first nation and the blackfoot confederacy comprised of the siksika, piikani, and kainai. we acknowledge that this territory is home to the shuswap nations, ktunaxa nations, and metis nation of alberta, rockyview district 4. we acknowledge all nations who live, work, and play here, help us steward this land, and honour and celebrate this place.













































