


cherokee trails trading post










 

cherokee trails trading postp.o. pox 136millville, utah 84326435-232-6882email: cherokeebear53@q.com
 





home
artists
books
clothing
crafts
decals
flags
jackets
music
miscellaneous
patches
pins
shirts





founded 1987











o'siyo( welcome! )



"among the people of this country are individuals in whose blood runs the proud heritage of a noble and resilient people whose ways and talents rank with those of the finest civilizations the world has known...""please note, all orders are shipped us priority mail with delivery confirmation"







welcome to cherokee trails trading post, an american indian owned and operated business.
i am bob strongbear bates, an enrolled cherokee, and a traditional american indian artist and craftsman. as the owner of this trading post and web site, i am an enrolled  member of a federally or officially state recognized tribe, and meet the requirements of the indian arts and crafts act of 1990.
we at cherokee trails trading post make every effort that we can to comply with the indian arts and crafts act of 1990 (p.l. 101-644).   
the indian arts and crafts act of 1990 (p.l. 101-644), is a truth-in-advertising law that prohibits misrepresentation in the marketing of indian arts and crafts products within the united states.  for more information about this act, you may visit;  http://www.doi.gov/iacb/act.html
please feel free to browse the website, take a look around, learn about the other artisans and craftsmen.   each handmade craft item is accompanied by a certificate of authenticity, that shows the artist/craftsman's name, tribal affiliation, the item description, and materials used.  if you have any questions that i can help you with, please ask.
thank you, bob strongbear bates




the indian arts and crafts association (iaca) is a not-for-profit organization established in 1974 to support the ethical promotion and protection of authentic native american art and culture. iaca works to stop fraud and abuse within the market for indian art through education, publicity, authentication and use of our logo to indicate certified ethical businesses. iaca sponsors the largest wholesale trade shows of handmade indian art in the world twice a year. members include native american artists, wholesale and retail dealers, museums, collectors and others who support the goals of the organization. iaca supports and works for the protection of indigenous art worldwide.













url: http://www.cherokeetrailstradingpost.com
last updated: november 12, 2018
© 2002-2018, cherokee trails trading post






