













connecticut's premier event & wedding venue - falls creek farm












































 




 skip to content
javascript must be enabled for the correct page display






search close

search

search








search


contact us

free venue tour







search








wedding venue

wedding & reception venue
wedding pricing & packages
wedding faqs





we’re here for you
schedule a free tour of our recently renovated venue. don’t have time? our event coordinator would love to chat!
get started 



event venue

special events
event venue faqs





we’re here for you
schedule a free tour of our recently renovated venue. don’t have time? our event coordiantor would love to chat!
get started 



equestrian

horse boarding
horse shows





book your horse show
looking to book your upcoming horse show? connect with an event coordinator today!
get started 



event schedule
about
contact

weddings & special occasions
equestrian services


 





















wedding venue new england’s newest premier venue
wedding venue options












equine events host your equine event at falls creek farm!
learn more









connecticut’s premier event venue




 



falls creek farm is an enchanting 300-acre destination located in the picturesque countryside of connecticut. our versatile venue caters to wedding ceremonies and receptions, special events, and equestrian events. our venue offers a perfect blend of rustic charm and timeless elegance, stunning landscapes, and top-tier equestrian amenities. whether you dream of a rustic wedding or a sophisticated affair in the open air, our versatile spaces and dedicated team ensure that your event is nothing short of magical. discover the allure of falls creek farm, where natural beauty and exceptional service come together to create cherished memories that will last a lifetime.
have questions? we’d love to chat!
weddings & special occasions

equestrian services








weddings, special events, equestrian events & more
from newly renovated barn and tent weddings to equestrian show rentals and horse boarding, falls creek farms’ breathtaking grounds are versatile and welcoming. that’s why so many guests choose to book our onsite lodging for events or even getaways. get to know more about that hospitable country charm and picture perfect scenery that everyone loves and no one forgets!








wedding venue




a connecticut wedding venue like no other. with 300 acres of breathtaking views in the most relaxed setting imaginable, your dream of that perfect rustic, vintage or country wedding theme will be unforgettable.


an intimate and unique wedding experience
feel at ease and rent a home onsite
a variety of gorgeous ceremony sites to choose from
choose from our barn reception or tent reception site


wedding venue options





event venue




the perfect event venue that your guests will never forget. host your guests with a unique and accomodating setting.


engagement parties
baby showers
wedding anniversaries
graduation parties
corporate events and more!


event venue options





horse show rentals




host an equine event at the historic falls creek farm indoor or outdoor area.


250+ stalls (fully matted)
indoor wash racks
food both open day of event
housing rentals
camper hookups and more!


host an equine event





horse boarding




looking for horse boarding in connecticut? falls creek farm is the perfect choice!


a private oasis for your horse
certified instructors
caretakers
4 outdoor rings
scenic trails and more!


horse boarding











have wedding questions? let’s chat
schedule a free tour of our venue, or get answers about wedding packages, rehearsal dinners, and other offerings for special occasions. we’re here to help!
for inquiries about equestrian events and services, please visit our equestrian contact page.


    







stay up-to-date
subscribe to our newsletter and stay up-to-date on the latest events and news from falls creek farm!










submit


*by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from falls creek farm. you can unsubscribe at any time by using the link found at the bottom of every email.
leave this field empty if you're human:  








book venue



book venue





schedule a tour



tour





current events



current events














falls creek farm

368 bailey road
moosup, ct 06354


			p:860.248.0074


			e:info@fallscreekfarm.com

wedding dept email: hello@fallscreekfarm.com
wedding dept phone: 959.235.4105



						facebook						




						inst						




weddings & eventsfarm wedding venue
event venue
book a free venue tour
faqs
the farmhorse boarding
host an equine event
farm event schedule
property map
reviews


stay up-to-date
sign up for falls creek farm news and upcoming events!

			subscribe			


 





falls creek farm is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. we are actively working to increase the accessibility and usability of our website and in doing so adhere to many of the available standards and guidelines. website accessibility statement
photos by andy lee photography and broken crayon photography
 


© 
									copyright 									2025									falls creek farm all rights reserved. 
								
sitemap
privacy policy
 



 back to top
















 

