




don't disappoint me. — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































sugaahcube
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














sugaahcube







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









melonpop
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            don't disappoint me.
        

            咬み殺す
        


april 20121234567
891011121314
15161718192021
22232425262728
2930






10 april 2012 @ 05:53 pm
i'm alive?  


oh man, does anyone even remember me ;w;?aaaah, so i pretty much disappeared for a month due to...family issues and irl crap that i will address eventually, but just wanted to say...;__; hi guys, hi.   
current mood: blank
 
9 comments | leave a comment




 


07 march 2012 @ 05:28 pm
tezuka appreciation entry.  


first of all, i would like to apologize for not commenting on entries this week. i've been in lala land lately, drowned in online crap. so, i've neglected livejournal. but i am back now and you can't get rid of me so.... too bad!moving along. it's wednesday. you know what that means. actually, i can't even write about this episode. i have so many emotions for it... mainly because tezuka is my favorite character right next to sanada ... and this episode was just so...augh ;a;. and there was so much tezuryo love. don't deny it.( extremely image heavy. i will just spam tezuka incoherently.collapse )   
current mood: lovelovecurrent music: tezuka kunimitsu - truth
 
4 comments | leave a comment




 


 



29 february 2012 @ 06:55 pm
sanada and sexual tension post ahead.  


i'm not going to lie you guys, i'm really turned on by this face. just. look at it. look at it. sanada, why are you so marvelous?( this post is heavily influenced by sexual things.collapse )   
current mood: crazycurrent music: sanada genichirou - keep going on!
 
7 comments | leave a comment




 


24 february 2012 @ 11:50 pm
life, random junk, impromptu cosplay, etc.  


first of all, thank you to everyone who commented on my serious post concerning my biological father ♥ your comments and pictures made me feel a loooooot better. you have no idea. x) i enjoy silly things ♥( update on that situation and what is going on.collapse )moving along! so lately i've been sucked into the katekyo hitman reborn fandom. by sucked in, i mean i watched 90 episodes in a week. i could not put it down 8| why, why is it so good?! so as i was watching it, i realized that i had hibari hair and being the idiot that i am, quickly ran to take a picture in a jacket from my closet.( i then realized i was neither sexy, a male, thin and i look like i haven't slept in four days.collapse )this entry is all over the place \o/ moving along ...ina baaaaaaaaaaaaaaueri don't even know what i was going to write anymore, except that i have to get my ass into gear and stop gaining weight. i weighed myself today and i felt my heart drop into my stomach. blargh. i have to set up a regiment to exercise again, otherwise i do not know how this weight is going to fall off before august. otakon, you are looking bleak. also. i melted my glasses. yes, you read it correctly. i melted my glasses a few days ago. when you run on so little sleep, these things happen you see? i accidentally placed the hot hair iron on them while i was changing. oops? i get my new pair tomorrow.lalala...what else, what else. i don't know. i'm going to go lay down and play hakuouki while enjoying some warm milk + honey! fall in love with me already, saito.also, i forgot this song existed. x)   
current mood: bouncycurrent music: hikari no saki - tezuka kunimitsu & echizen ryoma 
 
17 comments | leave a comment




 


 



22 february 2012 @ 04:15 pm
i can't get over kirihara screaming ina bauuuer  


i can't breathe. what is air? what is it?! this episode was comedy gold. comedy gold i tell you.it was nice seeing such tenipuri crack again ♥( step, step, one, two, ina bauuuuuercollapse )   
current location: my bat cavecurrent mood: ina baaauer
 
7 comments | leave a comment




 


 



22 february 2012 @ 02:33 pm
ina bauer.  


ina bauer.ina bauuuuuuer.ina bauuuuuer! ina bauer.i needed that laugh so bad. i will make a coherent shinteni post soon. i just can't get over ina bauuuuuuuer.   
current mood: lol
 
3 comments | leave a comment




 


 



21 february 2012 @ 05:19 pm
8|  


all of my emotions. all of them. gblarhsidfgbhk /diesthe most recent episode of chihayafuru had me all sorts of emotionally screwed. it was beautiful and arata is delicious. shiraishi's seiyuu does his voice acting and he has such a delicious tone for this character ... it's so cute ♥moving along.i went on an impromptu date last night with someone to see arrietty. the movie was terrible (plus the male voice acting was so bad lol. hers was great though) but i still had a great time. lots of laughs and good talks were had. i hadn't gone out to watch a movie with someone in...8 months? lol. that is ridiculous. then i get home and i had this marvelous message waiting for me.( real life drama llama.collapse )i need a pick me up. like fluffy unicorns and glitter. or sanada. or tezuka.   
current mood: graaahcurrent music: hosoya yoshimasa - yume he no chizu
 
8 comments | leave a comment




 


16 february 2012 @ 11:41 am
so many pictures in this entry d:  


so lately i've been kind of mellow-yellow. i would probably feel better if i wrote about what's going on, but i hate talking about depressing shit 8| so i will write a useless picture-filled-video-game-entry to make me feel better for now.sunny said to post a picture of my dog so i will start off with that!( my princess who i spoil way too much.collapse )so, because south florida weather is so fantastic ... i'm sick again. i've been going on morning jogs outside and the temperature outside keeps changing everyday. so it's been like 80, 50, 90, 40f. i'm blaming my cough on you weather. i'm not used to running with any sort of chill in the air so it killed my throat 8| /shakes fistaside from that i've been bumming around like usual (with occasional breaks to do some actual work online). mostly this week i've been playing too many video games. would you like to see? i will show you anyway.( this is what i've been doing for 40+ hours of my life. why are you so sexy, hope?collapse )that was a very long video-game/nonsense related entry. i'd say i play too many games, but no. writing reviews is what i did for a while (took a much needed break due to...stuff! you know!) so it feels refreshing to just play what i want without thinking "i have to write this by friday. fml." i will go back to that eventually, just not right now.off to have some coffee. i love you all ♥ no, really. i do.   
current mood: mellowcurrent music: 【のぶなが】8hit うたってみた
 
13 comments | leave a comment




 


 



15 february 2012 @ 04:21 pm
it's wednesday again \o/ you guys know the drill already.  


if you've seen this episode, you know i am going to rage. i'm going to rage hard and you know why. you know why, don't you? i will get to that later. review with screencaps and gifs and raaaaaaaage and table flipping as per usual.( proceed.collapse )how long is this entry? probably too long. if you read through it, i award you an imaginary internet star (ノ‥)ノ☆...and now...for some coffee!   
current mood: exhaustedcurrent music: thanks and thanks again - sky high (tiger & bunny)
 
14 comments | leave a comment




 


14 february 2012 @ 03:15 pm
i love you all. all of you.  


happy valentine's day! or stuff your face with chocolate day. or...singles awareness day \o/i like the last one personally ♥ besides, tales of the abyss 3d comes out today! i have a date with guy cecil tonight. shush. i like my video games.i drew a small picture for my best friend to commemorate toa3d and v-day.( i meant it when i said small, i can't draw.collapse )so how is everyone spending their day today? we already know what i am doing with mine!   
current mood: bouncycurrent music: valentine kiss - oshitari yuushi
 
6 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























