














lancaster community hospital

















lancastercommunityhospital.net













the lancaster community hospital has closedreplaced by the palmdale regional medical center




lancaster community hospital was a private hospital located in lancaster, california.
lancaster community hospital was closed after the opening in 2010, of the palmdale regional medical center whose website is found at: www.palmdaleregional.com
the content is from the site's 2001 -2008 archived pages.
residents of the antelope valley are eagerly awaiting the new medical facility blooming in our desert community. palmdale regional medical center is currently under construction.

all-private, single-occupancy rooms
ob/gyn
pediatrics
neonatal intensive care
advanced cardiac care
er-35 treatment bays

lancaster community hospital offered a comprehensive program of inpatient services to promote recovery and independence for patients age 18 and older who have suffered disabling medical conditions. the 16-bed inpatient acute rehabilitation unit stove to assist and educate patients in becoming self-sufficient so they could resume most of their activities of daily living and working.
~~~~~~~~~
an aside: my parents live lancaster ca. located in the antelope valley, the premier gateway to the california high desert and western mojave desert region. i love visiting them when the poppies are blooming in the antelope valley poppy reserve. the surrounding area after a rainy winter is covered in yellow, gold, blue and green flowers. for nature lovers this is an area which shows off some of the most interesting parts of the southern california landscape. the weather patterns are dictated by the mountain ranges that surround the valley. winters are colder and summers are hotter and drier. spring weather can be blustery as the breezes race down the mountain slopes that surround the valley. autumns are clear and crisp with fall colors blanketing the valley. when i visit during the winter holidays i make sure to bring some good warm clothing. my father always says when he knows i am packing up the kids for our annual christmas trip; "the warmest jackets are by north face, so don't forget to bring yours when you come for the christmas holidays." yes dad, i dutifully answer. my father swears by north face. in his day he was a terrific mountain climber. he recounts some of the expeditions he was part of that north face sponsored in the 1960's. the company sure has come a long way from those early days. now, north face delivers an extensive line of performance apparel, equipment, and footwear. of which this family has purchased quite a few of their products. so yes dad we will be bring those north face jackets for our annual christmas hikes.
when it was announced that a new regional hospital would replace the old lancaster community hospital most folks in the valley were thrilled. they anticipated a state of the art hospital facility. unfortunately, if you go by the posts on yelp about the emergency room experiences there, you would hesitate using the hospital er. however in an emergency you have only 2 choices: the palmdale regional medical center or the va hospital. foe regular hospital stays and surgeries yelp reviews are a much better. but reviews for the er have been dismal from the start. fortunately my folks are still in good health. i hope they never have to make a visit to an emergency room in any hospital.
~~~~~~~~~
welcome to lancaster community hospital circa 2001 - 2008.
 

we are pleased that you and your physician have selected us to provide your medical care.
all of our employees are committed to service excellence and our goal is to provide you with high quality and compassionate care and to make your stay a comfortable one. if you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to ask your physician or nurse, or contact the patient liaison, who is here to act as your advocate.
 
your hospital team
medical staff, nursing staff, pastoral services, dietitians, social workers, housekeepers, volunteers
 
your room
your hospital bed, room temperature, calling your nurse, during the night, television, telephones, leaving the unit
 
your safety
patients are hospitalized in a smoke-free environment. a 24-hour/day security team is on site for your security. fire drills are performed to ensure the proficiency of the medical staff. medications are monitored for your safety. valuables will be secure to prevent theft or loss. cellular phones are not permitted to use for your safety.
 
food & nutrition
dietary services, cafeteria, vending machines
 
special services
take advantage of the hospital's "free" valet parking open to patients and visitors. also take advantage of: patient liaison and problem resolution, patient education, notary public, mail and flowers, newspapers, library cart, for the hearing-impaired, interpreters, and support groups.
 
family & friends
visiting hours are from 11 am to 8 pm. visiting regulations, condition reports, gifts for patients, parking, waiting areas, out-of-town visitors, gift shop, meditation room, transportation
 
going home
checking out and discharge
 
billing
your hospital bill
 
your insurance
patient accounting department, accepted health plans
 

 
lancaster community hospital and the antelope valley
 

lancaster community hospital is accredited by the joint committee for accreditation of healthcare organizations (jcaho).
lancaster community hospital, the hospital of choice, has served the citizens of the antelope valley for 37 years in its present location on 10th street west in lancaster. lch was founded by dr. senseman in 1938 with 6 beds, but continued to grow year after year. on march 16, 1964, the present site was dedicated with a 47-bed capacity. expansion took place from 1968 through 1984 with the addition of critical care, cardiac care, and bed capacity to its present size of 117 beds.
the antelope valley consists of primarily the cities of lancaster and palmdale and outlying communities within 25 miles of the hospital, and has a population of approximately 400,000. it is a very diverse and highly educated community with over 50% of its residents having at least some college education. while half of the workforce commutes to the la area, the influx of major employers and people continues, making the av one of the fastest growing communities in california over the past 15 years.
there is a growing need for increased medical facilities and services. lancaster community hospital is proud to be able to provide the very best medical services to the av community. lch has state-of-the-art cardiac care, physical therapy and rehab services, inpatient and outpatient surgery, and 24-hour emergency care. community is our middle name, and we are the hospital of choice. during 2001, lch announced the addition of two new services, both of which are on the cutting edge of medical technology: an aggressive cardio/ vascular program and prostate brachytherapy.
lancaster community hospital is very active in the community, participating regularly with the board of trade, chambers of commerce, and other civic and governmental groups, and supports non-profit agencies such as american cancer society, united way, and the performing arts.
 
mission
the board of directors, medical staff and employees of lancaster community hospital are committed to providing excellence in healthcare that is:

patient and family-oriented
community-centered
cost-effective, while maintaining high quality services

 
vision
lancaster community hospital will be recognized for delivering sensitive and compassionate full service health care within a dynamic, healing environment in which technical excellence and personalized patient care is unsurpassed.
 
values

customer satisfaction
honesty, integrity and confidentiality for all
continuous improvement, quality care, teamwork and partnership
restoration of health that is culturally and spiritually sensitive
patient rights
technological advances that improve patient care modalities

 
principles
we are committed to providing healthcare services that patients recommend to families and friends, physicians prefer for their patients, purchasers select for their clients, employees are proud of, and investors seek for long-term results. we will realize this vision through our commitment to the following principles:

service excellence - we will provide timely, professional, effective and efficient service to all of our customer groups.
continuous improvement in measurable ways - we will identify the key needs of our customers, assess how well we meet those needs, continuously improve our services, and measure our progress.
employee development - we understand that the professionalism and drive of our people are the most important factors in the quality of the service lch provides. we will hire talented people, increase their skills through training and experience, and provide opportunities for personal and professional growth within the company.
ethical and fair treatment of all - we are committed to forming relationships of fairness and trust with our patients, purchasers of our services, and our employees. we will conduct our business according to the highest ethical standards.
teamwork - we will work together to provide ever-improving customer service. this team approach to our work will supersede traditional departmental organization and create a true customer focus. people at all levels of the organization will participate in decision-making and process improvement.
compassion - we will never lose sight of the fact that we provide care and comfort to people in need. the patients and families that rely upon us are fellow human beings and they will receive respectful and dignified treatment from all of our people at all times.
innovation in service delivery - we will invest in the development of new and better ways of delivering our services.

 

 
services



 
			anesthesiology
			 
			blood bank
			 
			cardiology/heart disease
			 
			diabetes management
			 
			emergency medicine
			 
			gastroenterology
			 
			laboratory services
			 
			nuclear medicine
			 
			occupational therapy
			 
			otolaryngology (ear, nose, throat)
			 
			pathology
 
			pharmacy
			 
			physical therapy
			 
			podiatry
			 
			radiology
			 
			rehabilitation services
			 
			renal/kidney disease
			 
			respiratory services
			 
			social work services
			 
			speech and language pathology
			 
			surgery
			 
			urology



 
+++
acute rehabilitation unit
lancaster community hospital offers a comprehensive program of inpatient services to promote recovery and independence for patients age 18 and older who have suffered disabling medical conditions. the16-bed inpatient acute rehabilitation unit strives to assist and educate patients in becoming self-sufficient so they may resume most of their activities of daily living and working.
minimally invasive weight-loss surgery

studies show that bariatric procedures are effective weight-loss treatments. in fact, the national institutes of health says bariatric surgery is the only treatment for severe obesity that offers lasting results.

residents of the antelope valley who are interested in bariatric weight-loss surgery can get help at lancaster community hospital which offers this innovative, minimally invasive procedure.
center for wound care and hyperbaric medicine
each year, wounds caused by diabetes, poor circulation or other health-related disorders keep three to five million americans from enjoying life to the fullest. there is help, however, for the residents of the antelope valley at lancaster community hospital.
the cardiac center

the cardiac center at lancaster community hospital offers a comprehensive diagnostic and treatment program for patients with cardiovascular disease. non-invasive testing, diagnostic cardiac catheterization and interventional cardiology services are directed by cardiologists who coordinate with other members of the lch care team, including the surgery and emergency departments.
 
   
 
for visitors
 
visiting hours
visitors can be "good medicine" for patients. family members and friends are welcome to visit. however, patient care is our primary concern at lancaster community hospital, and, in order to enhance the quality of care, specific visiting hours and regulations have been established for each unit. the visiting hours for general, medical, and surgical units are from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., and 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. in the icu/ccu, visiting hours are from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., and 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. please follow these guidelines. if you need additional information, please check with the nurse on the unit.

visiting regulations
following are general guidelines for visitors:

all visitors going to patients' rooms must be at least 12 years of age. in certain situations, a patient may leave the floor to visit children in the hospital's lobby, or children may have a limited visit in the patient's room. if you wish to make such arrangements please talk with your nurse.
visitors may not smoke in patient rooms or anywhere in the hospital.
shirts and shoes must be worn.
no more than two visitors are allowed in the room at one time. visitors in semi-private rooms should be considerate of both patients.
people with colds, sore throats, or any contagious diseases should not visit patients.
visits should be kept short, and to maintain a quiet environment visitors should avoid unnecessary noise.
visitors may be asked to leave the room during tests or treatments or when the doctor or nurse needs to see the patient.
liberal visiting arrangements may be made for families of surgical patients on the day of surgery.

 
condition reports
any personal information about your diagnosis and treatment must come from your physician, and this information is only available to members of your immediate family whom you designate to receive it.

gifts for patients
visitors should check with the nurse before bringing gifts of food or drink to patients as some patients are on restricted diets. on the intensive care unit, please check with the unit regarding any gifts for patients.

parking
parking for patients and visitors is available in the hospital parking lot. parking is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. if you have parked your car and plan to leave it for more than 72 hours, you must notify the admitting office. the admitting office will notify security that the car belongs to a patient.

waiting areas
there are specially designated lounge areas for visitors on each patient floor and on the main floor in the lobby. specific waiting areas have been designated for families of patients in the critical care units, the emergency department, and surgery.

volunteer services
volunteers situated in the main lobby are a resource for all of our patients, their family members, and visitors, during the hours of 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. during the week.
 

 

 
lancaster community hospital
43830 north 10th street west
lancaster, ca 93534
661-948-4781
 
from north
 
highway 14 south to avenue k off ramp. turn left under freeway to 10th street west (3rd light after freeway underpass). left onto 10th street west for 1/4 mile. hospital is on your right.
 
from south
 
highway 14 north off of interstate 5, through santa clarita area and 40 miles north into the antelope valley. highway 14 passes through palmdale as it enters the valley. take the avenue k offramp in lancaster. right onto avenue k to 10th street west (2nd light after the offramp). left at 10th street west for 1/4 mile. hospital is on your right.
 

 
the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither lancaster community hospital, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.
 

 


lancastercommunityhospital.net












