








welcome to doo-rags.com -

























































fetching doo-rags...
skip to content






 















menu




home
sizing & tying
fabrics
go shopping

shop our inventory
shop our sales
(cart in upper right corner)
shipping cost


about us
contact us
stories

springsteen tickets!?!
my favorite groupie
a doo-rag quilt?
testimonials


loyal doo-ragers







 


 
 
 





welcome to doo-rags.com




nothing is impossible for those who believe. i believe in you. 

~ from kathleen, the doo-rag queen and all of her faithful helpers.
our mission:  to continue making an american product, working americans, and giving you quality that speaks for itself. 
for now the mask need has slowed down but i will continue to supply them so doctors, nurses and people who work around pollen can be comfortable and protected.  i like to wear one while i’m mowing the lawn, less sneezing.
 

 
i don’t know about you, but i’m ready for spring. it’s time to check your stock and get your spring orders ready for me to make…one at a time, special for you!



send me a picture in your doo-rag and i’ll post you on the front page!

 

we believe “made in the usa” should mean more than just sewing a label in a headwrap made in another country. i’ve taken the time to look for top quality material. cotton is my choice because it breaths the best. most of our material choices are also manufactured in the usa. we hand cut all the products. we appreciate employing americans and supplying a quality product that speaks for itself.
when we started our business, doo-rags.com back in 1995, they were called skull caps, head wraps and bandanas. when i called around to harley shops and asked if they wanted to see my doo-rags, they said “do what rags?”
well, they’ll keep the dew off your head, people with cancer have something cooler to wear than a wig; and bikers like to wear them because they’ll stay on your head when riding your motorcycle without a helmet even at 100 mph!  we also have doo-caps, a doo-rag with a bill on it for shade.
our doo-rags & caps come in sizes: large, medium, and small because one size doesn’t fit all.
 


“i always have a special place in my heart to know that i’m supplying someone with cancer a different option to turbans and wigs. my sister is a breast cancer survivor, one of my best friends is also a survivor. my husband, tramp died of lung cancer. i bet all of us have someone in their life with cancer. my prayers go out to you and i would be honored to supply a free cancer embroidered doo-rag or doo-cap to anyone in need. 
please email me if you are interested in purchasing or receiving one of these doo-rags or doo-caps that i have remaining in my last chance sales.”  -kathleen








 
 
 
  fabulous vendors 



awesome support   


 






doo-rags.com - all rights reserved - copyright 2024 

in god we trustunited we stand 

 read our policies 















