



information on nutrition, vitamins, minerals, supplements and herbs















vitamins

minerals 

nutritional food 
        supplements

amino acids
diets
fruits & 
vegetables 

herbs 

disorders






vitamins






vitamin a


vitamin b complex


vitamin b1


vitamin b2


vitamin b3


vitamin b5


vitamin b6


vitamin b7


vitamin b9


vitamin b12


vitamin c


vitamin d


vitamin e


vitamin k


vitamin p


choline


coenzyme q10


inositol


paba


vitamins 
  deficiency tests


vitamin a and carotene test 


vitamin b2 test 


vitamin b6 test 


vitamin b9 (folic acid) test


vitamin b12 test 


vitamin c test 


vitamin d3 test 

 















vitamins are essential to life. they contribute to good health by regulating the metabolism and assisting the bio­chemical processes that release energy from digested food. they are considered micro nutrients because the body needs them in relatively small amounts compared with nutrients such as carbohydrates, proteins, fats, and water. 
enzymes are essential chemicals that are the foundation of human bodily functions. they are catalysts (activators) in the chemical reactions that are continually taking place within the body. as coenzymes, vitamins work with enzymes, thereby allowing all the activities that occur within the body to be carried out as they should. whole, fresh raw foods are a good source of enzymes. 
of the major vitamins, some are water soluble and some are oil soluble. water-soluble vitamins must be taken into the body daily, as they cannot be stored and are excreted within four hours to one day. these include vitamin c and the b-complex vitamins. oil-soluble vitamins can be stored for longer periods of time in the body's fatty tissue and the liver. these include vitamins a, d, e, and k. both types of vitamins are needed by the body for proper functioning.
forms of vitamins supplements and how they works.
over-the-counter vitamin supplements come in various forms, combinations, and amounts. they are available in tablet, capsule, gel-capsule, powder, sublingual, lozenge, and liquid forms. they can also be administered by injection. in most cases, it is a matter of personal preference as to how you take them; however, due to slight variations in how rapidly the supplements are absorbed and assimilated into the body, we will sometimes recommend one form over another. these recommendations are given throughout this web site.
vitamin supplements are usually available as isolated vitamins or in combination with other nutrients. it is important to select your vitamins based upon what you really need. a program designed for health maintenance would be different from 'one designed to overcome a specific disorder. if you find one supplement that meets your needs, remember to make it daily. if it does not contain a large enough quantity of what you want, you may consider taking more than one. just make sure that you are aware of the increased dosage of the other nutrients it may contain. if there is no single supplement that provides you with what you are looking for, consider taking a combination of different supplements. this book lists each supplement separately, so you will know what each does and the amount needed. but you may find a supplement that contains several needed nutrients in one tablet or capsule. 
because the potency of most vitamins may be decreased by sunlight, make sure that the container holding your vitamins is dark enough to shield its contents properly. some people may be sensitive to plastic, and may need to purchase vitamins in glass containers. vitamin supplements should be kept in a cool, dark place. all vitamin supplements work best when taken in combination with food. unless specified otherwise, oil-soluble vitamins should be taken before meals, and water-soluble ones should be taken after meals. 
balance and synergy 
having the proper balance of vitamins and minerals is very important. scientific research has proved that excesses of isolated vitamins or minerals can produce the same symptoms as deficiencies of vitamins or minerals. for example, high doses of isolated b vitamins have been shown to cause the depletion of other b vitamins. similarly, if zinc is taken in excess, symptoms of zinc deficiency can result. studies have shown that an intake of up to 100 milligrams of zinc daily enhances immune function, but an amount in excess of 100 milligrams daily may actually harm immune function. 
synergy is a phenomenon whereby two or more vitamins combine to create a stronger vitamin function than the sum of their individual effects would suggest. for example, in order for bioflavonoids to work properly (they prevent bruising and bleeding gums), they must be taken along with vitamin c. recent studies show that bioflavonoids also may be a big factor in preventing cancer and many other diseases. in addition, certain substances can block the absorption and effects of vitamins. for example, the absorption of vitamin c is greatly reduced by antibiotic drugs, so a person taking antibiotics requires a higher than normal intake of this vitamin. 
synthetic versus natural 
ideally, all of us would get all of the nutrients we need for optimal health from fresh, healthful foods. in reality, however, this is often difficult, if not impossible. in our chemically polluted and stress-filled world, our nutritional requirements have been increasing, but the number of calories we require has been decreasing, as our general level of physical activity has declined. this means we are faced with needing somehow to get more nutrients from less food. at the same time, many of our foods are depleted of certain nutrients. modem farming practices have resulted in soils that are lacking in selenium and other nutrients. harvesting and shipping practices are dictated not by nutritional considerations but by marketing demands. add to this extensive processing, improper storage, and other factors, and it is little wonder that many of the foods that reach our tables cannot meet our nutritional needs. getting even the rdi's of vitamins from today's diet has become quite hard to do. this means that for optimum health, it is necessary to take nutrients in supplement form. 
vitamin supplements can be divided into two groups: synthetic and natural. 
synthetic vitamins are vitamins produced in laboratories from isolated chemicals that mirror their counterparts found in nature. natural vitamins are derived from food sources. although there are no major chemical differences between a vitamin found in food and one created in a laboratory, synthetic supplements contain the isolated vitamins only, while natural supplements may contain other nutrients not yet discovered. this is because these vitamins are in their natural state. if you are deficient in a particular nutrient, the chemical source will work, but you will not get the benefits of the vitamin as found in whole foods. supplements that are not labeled natural also may include coal tars, artificial coloring, preservatives, sugars, and starch, as well as other additives. you should beware of such harmful elements. however, you should also note that a bottle of "natural" vitamins may contain vitamins that have not been extracted from a natural food source. it is necessary to read labels carefully to make sure the products you buy contain nutrients from food sources, with none of the artificial additives mentioned above. 
studies have shown that protein bonded vitamins, as found in natural whole food supplements, are absorbed, utilized, and retained in the tissues better than supplements that are not protein-bonded. chemical-derived vitamins are not protein-bonded. vitamins and minerals in food are bonded to proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, and bioflavonoids. 
 using a natural form of vitamins and minerals in nutritional supplements is the objective of the protein-bonding process. taking supplements with meals helps to assure a supply of other nutrients needed for better assimilation as well.
checkout our nutritional blog



 choose the perfect multi-vitamin supplement 
 ghc trends food pyramid
 blood pressure diet  
low cholesterol diet 
 grapefruit diet 
 best nootropics for adhd


 chocolate diet  
 detox diet  
 diabetes diet  
healthy diet for your child
 eat fat
 d-bal max
 massage healing













vitamins ||  feedback || nutritional blog || 

(c)copyright vitamins-minerals-supplements all rights reserved.
disclaimer: material provided on  vitamins-minerals-supplements.org website is provided for educational purposes only. it is not intended to treat, diagnose, cure, or prevent any disease. always take the advice of your doctor  before undertaking any diet, exercise, or other health program. we will not be liable for any complications, or other medical accidents arising from the use of any information on this website.


