





  




















endless summer surf camp - southern california's premier surf camp











































endless summer surf camp



the camp

overview
why our surf camp?
surf instruction
staff
videos
image gallery
testimonials
what’s fresh | blog
surf camp alumni


locations

san onofre
costa rica


packages

overnight surf camps
day surf camps
adult surf camps
costa rica surf trips
elite surf package
surf lessons
surf & turf camps


general info

announcements
covid 19 surf camp faq
welcome parents
driving directions
travel
camp forms/packing list
image gallery
multiple sessions
lodging & meals
faq’s


sign up
 

the camp	-overview
-why our surf camp?
-surf instruction
-staff
-videos
-image gallery
-testimonials
-what’s fresh | blog
-surf camp alumni

locations	-san onofre
-costa rica

packages	-overnight surf camps
-day surf camps
-adult surf camps
-costa rica surf trips
-elite surf package
-surf lessons
-surf & turf camps

general info	-announcements
-covid 19 surf camp faq
-welcome parents
-driving directions
-travel
-camp forms/packing list
-image gallery
-multiple sessions
-lodging & meals
-faq’s

sign up
 

















surf camp announcements
2025 surf camp dates are posted!
sign up today spots are filling up fast!












overnight surf camps
our most popular program, overnight surf camps, all inclusive surf packages for all levels of surfers.
learn to surf or take your surfing to the next level while meeting new friends from all over the world.
so much fun you will want to come back year after year.  best surf camp experience ever
continue reading









costa rica camps
spring and summer costa rica surf camps.
come immerse yourselves in the pura vida lifestyle of costa rica. 












elite surf package
new! progressive surf coaching elite surf package was developed for the high level intermediate and advanced surfers* who wish to take their surfing to another level. this package will consist of guided surf sessions, video analysis, and surf skate coaching.
continue reading























welcome to the endless summer surf camp



essc_2015-recap4 from endless summer surf camp on vimeo.

the endless summer surf camp offers a surf program to meet everyone’s needs. whether you have never surfed before and always dreamed of learning or if you just want to improve your existing skills, we have the coaching that will enable you to reach your goals.
our programs consist of personalized surf instruction on the beach,in the water, professional surf photography and video analysis back at the camp. the focus of our sessions is on water safety and surfing instruction while having fun in the sun.
the endless summer surf camp is all inclusive (meals, surfing equipment, accommodations) so all you need to worry about is getting here.
thanks for taking an interest in our surf camp programs. we are one of the original surf camps in the world and are celebrating our 31st year in business.
don’t miss another wave.come surf with us today!





overnight camp
day
adult
surf lessons


overnight camp
 
5 day overnight surf camp session runs monday through friday. all 5 day surf camp packages start monday morning at 8 a.m. and finish friday at 4 p.m. the overnight camp includes accommodations, all meals, drinks and snacks, 24 hour supervision, and all your surfing equipment as well as surf instruction. overnight surf camps are 5 days in length.
campers travelling long distances can arrive the sunday evening prior to their surf camp session and depart the saturday morning following the end of their session. surf campers are welcome to attend more than one session and stay for mulitiple weeks.
every friday students are invited to compete and win prizes in our“just for fun” surf contest. at our awards presentation everyone will receive goodies from our sponsors. and our ocean hero award will be given away.
$1,695.00 / sign up now
 

learn more


day

day surf camps are open to ages 11 and over. all levels welcome. whether you have never surfed before or if you just want to take your skills to the next level we have the instruction for you. we provide all surfing equipment, expert surf instruction, as well as lunch, snacks and drinks throughout the day. these camps are perfect for those who live local or those who prefer not to camp and stay at a local area hotel, or with family.
each week our professional surf photographer takes pictures of you surfing, which you can purchase before camp or on fridays. win free prizes at our end of the week, “just for fun”, surf contest.
$795.00 / sign up now
day only surf camp runs 5 days mon-fri from 8am to 3pm

learn more


adult

why let the kids have all the fun? the all age camps are fun, but the adult only surf camps are fun on a whole other level. learn to surf with in good company, with other students your age and ability level. so what if you have never tried to surf before and always dreamed of surfing. a majority of our adult students are surfing for the first time, or have maybe surfed years ago and want to get back into it. there is no better time or place to start than this summer with us.
day camps$795.00 / sign up now
5-day surf camp session runs mon-fri from 8am to 4pm.

overnight camps$1695.00 / sign up now
 

learn more


surf lessons
the endless summer surf camp offers private and group lessons year round. we will meet you at the beach and provide all the surfing equipment needed.
surf lessons consist of an on the sand surf and safety demonstration. then we will enter the water and make our surfing goals come true. our instructors are all certified and have years of experience. all surf lessons are 2 hours in length and take place at one of our san onofre locations. in the summer months we use san onofre bluffs surfing beach and during the months of october – may we instruct at san onofre surf beach.
 
private lesson rates:one surfer – $150
two surfers – $120pp
three surfers – $100pp
sign up for lessons
contact us for group rates

 

learn more



 support those who support us:

 

 


















copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · endless summer surf camp




































