




hyperformance motorcycle | think big! think fast! 

hyperformance motorcycle | think big! think fast!








































































515-266-6381


5152 ne 12th avenue
		pleasant hill, ia 50327
 


 










				
								
				home							



				
								
				products								





				
								
				engines							



				
								
				cylinders / heads							



				
								
				flywheels							



				
								
				pistons							



				
								
				performance packages							






				
								
				services							



				
								
				dyno tuning							



				
								
				videos							



				
								
				about							



				
								
				contact							




 








speedpowercontrol











free quote



 











quality parts












expert service











dyno tuning



 












are you a risk-taker, always searching for the next thrill?
do you have a need for speed?
want to take your current motorcycle to the next level?
we specialize in altering motorcycle engines for optimal performance and reliability.
always use the best
use the best products, materials, and services.
our passion is to be the best performance and service shop.
our core focus reflects this.
our choice of products and materials reflects this.
our actions reflect this.


 













 - what they say - 










randy is a human dynamo. beneath his deceptively calm exterior breathes the soul of a top fuel engine!






we have been out to colorado, yellowstone twice, and black hills on this motor and even in the blistering heat, it has run without any issues and the engine ran cooler than the stock motor did.






one randy’s hyperpacks™ (including a pair of welded and machined oem heads and related parts) can wake up enough dormant power in your ride to “fold your feet back like a duck.” give the king of cubes a call to discuss your plans.






a tour through the hyperformance shop is a real treat. radical engines in various stages of completion lurking everywhere!






randy is quick to point out that the difference between success and failure in engine building is the careful selection of compatible components to achieve that magic “combination.”




 


 












 phone
515-266-6381
 fax
515-263-8006












 address
5152 ne 12th avenuepleasant hill, ia 50327









 







 


 








 pella hosting



 


























 

