













random terrain






















 


usefulinventions
favoritequotes
gamedesign
atarimemories
personalpages


random terrain
a random repository of interests and information.
as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases.



your browser does not support html video.


 
frequently used

google
ggle images
ggle translate
google news
startpage
twixter
facebook
instagram
pinterest
is it down?


rt site search
bing visual
wordle
amazon (#ad)
youtube
rumble
bitchute
pch
ayalife
infowstore

 
 
clock angel numbers

101
111
202
 
222
303
333
 
404
444
505
 
555
606
707
 


727
737
757
 
808
909
 
1010
1111
 
1212
1222
 

 
 
news and opinions

j. sather (bc)
crowder
christendumb


oan (yt)
g. reese (bv)
banned.video

 
 
weather/traffic

ggle weather


wcnc traffic

 
 
stores & stuff

target
bj's club
costco
best buy
lowe’s
staples
kohl’s
hobby lobby


cracker b
walmart
sam's club
barnes&noble
home depot
office depot
ross
michaels

 


 
text tools

convert title
convert case
number a list
grammar
ch/line count
word-grabber


line break
text to html
wineverygame
anagram solv
cwsolver.org
cwsolver.com

 
 
reference

thesaurus.com
dictionary.com
rhymezone
idioms&expr.
slang dict.


wordorigins
abbreviations
quot. marks
interjections
tv tropes

 
 
truth/facts

songfacts


lyric interp

 
 
movies and tv

rotten tom.


metacritic

 
 
video games

gamefaqs


metacritic

 
 
history

aa search
aa forums
bb forum
arcde museum
arcade flyers
wayback m.


top 40 arch.
hot 100 chron
old top 40
mus. timeline
tv grids
years in film


 






 

 
numbered months


1.
 january
7.
 july


2.
 february
8.
 august


3.
 march
9.
 september


4.
 april
10.
 october


5.
 may
11.
 november


6.
 june
12.
 december


 
 
 
 
numbered alphabet


1
2
3
4
5
6
7


a
b
c
d
e
f
g


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


8
9
10
11
12
13
14


h
i
j
k
l
m
n


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


15
16
17
18
19
20
21


o
p
q
r
s
t
u


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


22
23
24
25
26
 
 


v
w
x
y
z
 
 


 
 
 
 
roman numerals


m

1,000



d

500



c

100



l

50



x

10



v

5



i

1



when a roman numeral has a bar over it, multiply that number by 1,000.
example:


_


v = 5,000


 
don't ignore roman numerals if you ever plan to be on a game show. too many game show contestants get these wrong or mix them up.
 
 




 
affirmations

i'm a money magnet. good things happen to me. i get things done. i'm happy. i'm healthy. i'm smart. i'm creative. i'm a nice person. i'm successful. i'm good with money. i'm honest. i'm trustworthy. i'm responsible. i'm wise. i'm easygoing. i'm clear-minded. i'm sober. i'm calm. i'm thankful. i'm satisfied. i'm forgiving. i'm confident. i'm kind. i'm considerate. i'm likeable. i'm friendly. i'm loving. i'm loveable. i'm joyful. i'm playful. i'm full of energy. i'm fun to be around. i'm a good friend. i'm eternal. i'm powerful. i'm a being of light. i'm a spirit wearing a body.

 
in case you didn't know

 
trump's jab = bad
did you know that trump's rushed operation warp speed rona jab has less than one percent overall benefit? some people call it the depopulation jab and it has many possible horrible side effects (depending on the lot number, concentration, and if it was kept cold). remember when many democrats were against trump's operation warp speed depopulation jab, then they quickly changed their minds when biden flip-flopped and started pushing it?
 
some brainwashed rona jab cultists claim that there are no victims of the jab, but person after person will post what the jab did to them, a friend, or a family member on web sites such as facebook and they'll be lucky if they don't get banned soon after. posting the truth is “misinformation” don't you know. awakened sheep might turn into lions, so powerful people will do just about anything to keep the sheep from waking up.
 
check out these videos:
if you got the covid shot and aren't injured, this may be why
thought experiment: what happens after the jab?
the truth about polio and vaccines
what is causing the mysterious self-assembling non-organic clots and sudden deaths?
full video of tennessee house of representatives health subcommittee hearing room 2 (the doctors start talking at 33:28)
 
 
h word and i word = good
take a look at my page about the famous demonized medicines called the h word and beyond. you might also want to look at my page called zinc and quercetin. my sister and i have been taking zinc and quercetin since the summer of 2020 in the hopes that they would scare away the flu and other viruses (or at least make them less severe). here's one more page to check out: my sister's experiences with covid-19.
 
 
b vitamins = good
some people appear to have a mental illness because they have a vitamin b deficiency. for example, the wife of a guy i used to chat with online had severe mood swings which seemed to be caused by food allergies or intolerances. she would became irrational, obnoxious, throw tantrums, and generally act like she had a mental illness. the horrid behavior stopped after she started taking a vitamin b complex. i've been taking jarrow b-right (#ad) for many years. it makes me much easier to live with. i wonder how many people with schizophrenia and other mental mental illnesses could be helped by taking a b complex once or twice a day with meals (depending on their weight)?
 
 
soy = bad
unfermented soy is bad! “when she stopped eating soy, the mental problems went away.” fermented soy doesn't bother me, but the various versions of unfermented soy (soy flour, soybean oil, and so on) that are used in all kinds of products these days causes a negative mental health reaction in me that a vitamin b complex can't tame. the sinister encroachment of soy has made the careful reading of ingredients a necessity.
 
i wouldn't be surprised to find out that unfermented soy is the main reason why so many soy-sucking democrats in the usa seem to be constantly angry and have a tendency to be violent when hearing words or reading signs that they don't agree with. if i unknowingly eat something with unfermented soy in it, i get irritable, angry, and feel like breaking things, so it's not the placebo effect. scientists in the future will probably find out that unfermented soy can make people angry. we already know that food sensitivities cause mood changes. it took me over a decade to figure out that unfermented soy was affecting my mood. what if millions of people are having a similar reaction to soy and don't even know it? some people eat it and drink it every day.
 
i started taking ayalife (99% pure cbd oil) as needed in april of 2020. so far it's the only thing that helps my mood when i've mistakenly eaten something that contains soy. ayalife is thc-free (non-psychoactive) and is made in the usa. i also put a couple dropper fulls under my tongue before leaving the house or if i just need to calm down.
 
it's supposedly common knowledge that constantly angry antifa-types basically live on soy products. what would happen if they stopped eating and drinking soy sludge and also took a b complex every day? would a significant number of them become less angry? would ayalife cbd oil also help?
 
 
wheat = bad
if you are overweight, have type ii diabetes, or are worried about the condition of your heart, check out the videos by ken d berry, william davis, and ivor cummins. it seems that most people should avoid wheat, not just those who have a wheat allergy or celiac disease. check out these books: undoctored (#ad), wheat belly (#ad), and eat rich, live long (#ad).
 
 
negative ions = good
negative ions are good for us. you might want to avoid positive ion generators and ozone generators. a plain old air cleaner is better than nothing, but one that produces negative ions makes the air in a room fresher and easier for me to breathe. it also helps to brighten my mood.
 
 
litterbugs = bad
never litter. toss it in the trash or take it home. do not throw it on the ground. also remember that good people clean up after themselves at home, out in public, at a campsite and so on. leave it better than you found it.
 
 
climate change cash grab = bad
seems like more people than ever finally care about water, land, and air pollution, but the climate change cash grab scam is designed to put more of your money into the bank accounts of greedy politicians. those power-hungry schemers try to trick us with bad data and lies about overpopulation while pretending to be caring do-gooders. trying to eliminate pollution is a good thing, but the carbon footprint of the average law-abiding human right now is actually making the planet greener instead of killing it.
 
eliminating farms and ranches, eating bugs, getting locked down in 15-minute cities, owning nothing, using digital currency (with expiration dates) that is tied to your social credit score, and paying higher taxes will not make things better and “save the earth.” all that stuff is part of an agenda that has nothing to do with making the world a better place for the average person. it's all about control, depopulation, and making things better for the ultra-rich. they just want enough peasants left alive to keep things running smoothly.
 
watch these two videos for more information:
co2 is greening the earth
the climate agenda
 
 
how to wake up normies
charlie robinson had some good advice about waking up normies (see the link to the video below). he said instead of verbally unloading or being nasty or acting like a bully, ask the person a question. being nice and asking a question will help the person actually think about the subject.
 
interesting videos:
charlie robinson talks about the best way to wake up normies
georgia guidestones explained
the men who own everything



back to top
 
disclaimer
view this web site and any external web sites at your own risk. i am not responsible for any possible spiritual, emotional, physical, financial or any other damage to you, your friends, family, ancestors, or descendants in the past, present, or future, living or dead, in this dimension or any other.
 
do not view this web site while operating a vehicle on the land, underground, underwater, on the water, in the air, in outer space, or while traveling between dimensions.
 



home inventions quotationsgame designatari memories personal pages about site map contact privacy policy tip jar
random terrain copyright © 2000-2025 duane alan hahn. all rights reserved.
this web site is owned and maintained by duane alan hahn. (moved from namo webeditor 2006 to dreamweaver cs6 in july of 2012.)





