

i did something selfish   n` that was loving you.










notify blogger about objectionable content. what does this mean?  blogthis!




it's me


name: yennying
3g`06
believe me, i think i am friendly and i laughed real loud. shinhwa and korean guys are my obsessions and possessions.
like all kinds of colours thou i prefer orange.
nothing like what you expect of me.
trying hard to learn korean yes, my love for korean guys are real.

  


links


blogger
blogskins
do_the_dew
soompi
ssarang
neopets
solid07
shcj
clubbox



friends


bee
michelle
melxxz
tania
juwel
shuang



tagboard

 




















tuesday, january 03, 2006



school is just not going the right way.
none of them are with me this year as in practically those whom i at least are slight closer to.
sad. somehow my class seems so quiet?
i am depressed.
tears are threatening to fall.




 ying says  





sunday, december 25, 2005



i am in such a grumpy mood today. 
i slept at 5+am and woke up freaking 9.27 a.m.
that person who called me better watch out the next time i see him/her.
you know how hard was it for me to fall asleep? yes, i couldnt sleep after i got woken up and went to macs with my cousins.
i volunteer to go suntec to buy tonight's food (:

i like sleeping late, lols.
i chat to michelle till 4am? from *coughs* around 11p.m. onward, actually is because i kind of tired then wanted to go sleep then in the end i ended re-reading narnia.
i have not done my holidays hmk. ew.
i should get started tomorrow.

merry christmas!
all i want for christmas is junsu. actually any of my twenty guys would do.




 ying says  





saturday, december 24, 2005



its weird that my post is not appearing.
i just realise that the sniah that grace pronounced was xiah after reading her blog, if it was true, she got some explaining to be done to me. 
i am loving dongbang boys more, what to do?
crazy me not yet asleep at 4am in the morning and oh yes, i was learning smyl chorus dance step.
oh wells, i think i look like an elephant when i was dancing, in fact, prancing.

hah!
it is christmas soon and school will start soon.
santa, give me a time machine so that i can stop time in time.
rachel said that i should take up singing lessons and i have the 'potential' to become a singer. -_-;
i think she is mad. don't you find a singer's dream so unrealistic yet so wanted by many.
lols.
psst: i would love to become a singer but i can't, can i?

dongbang boys seem so true but it is hard to judge; shinhwa is still my first love.
did i ever mention how cute xiah/kim junsu is?
his baby photos! aww <3
michelle is still sticking to changmin and i did i mentioned she had a dream about her getting married to changmin? lols, surprise! shinhwa was not there but sj was. i was not suprised.
lols, my three guys dream.
dream is afterall a dream. hah, i do wish it will come true.

today was kind of boring except for the fact that mrs jung and mrs shim came over and started molesting my computer. damn, mrs shim was in fact gushing over my boy, sungmin. tsk- how unfaithful! (i pray she does not read my blog)
we had fun i guess? did we, not much videos were watched because mrs shim had to go back perhaps due to commitments with mr shim.
hanky-panky-ing?
nobody knows.

why would people want to steal mr shim's underwear.
serious, what use does it have unless it is kept as a momento thought i would say "great choice for choosing that!"
or perhaps that kinky bitch wants to masturbate with it? damn, it is kinda disturbing to think that someone would steal such stuffs.
no wonder, mr shim was traumatized.

hah. serves him right. you know what is even more disturbing? to think those bitches are only ten years old or slight older; actually younger than me.
gosh, we need to educate the youngsters properly.




 ying says  





friday, december 22, 2005



green
you're green, the color of growth and vigor. good-hearted and giving, you have a knack for finding and bringing out the best in people. green is the most down-to-earth color in the spectrum — reliable and trustworthy. people know they can count on you to be around in times of need, since your concern for people is genuine and sincere. you take pride in being a good friend. for you, success is measured in terms of personal achievement and growth, not by status or position. rare as emeralds, greens are wonderful, natural people. it truly is your color!

i do not think that i am that wonderful. or... am i?




 ying says  





wednesday, december 21, 2005



i went to watch narnia today.it was good (: i love peter and aslan! xdso fairytale-ish.hah! i sent the money order liao, hope can receive asap.^^i am not feeling well today, due to lack of sleep i suppose?my life is boring actually if any of you thinks that mine was ever interesting.lols.me. my life. and. still. me.



 ying says  





monday, december 19, 2005



for this post, i am not going to post anything korean-ish.imagine me ten years later.will i be wearing suit or will it be a mask instead?imagine us twenty years later.how would our love life go, and how far would our friendship holds?lets imagine, again. how about many years later?the decision lies in our hands.lolls <3i am happy, aren't you?yet i am feeling so lost at certain times.am i still in the growing up phase, i guess so.its going to be christmas soon.happy christmas to everyone!



 ying says  





sunday, december 18, 2005



[even after 10 years, even after 100 yearsi am waiting for you. just know that i love you.i am waiting for the day you realize your love for me.but then, will it be too late? will you be able to find your way back to me?]loving you does not stop. but time does not wait... isnt that oh so true?time does not nurse a broken heart, it can only numbs it.time will lead to many changes.but when i see once again, i went back to the past that time had forbid.loving you is so hard thus i name it as aforbidden lovei am such a babo yah!



 ying says  





tuesday, december 13, 2005



i love super junior![titled] cinderella kim hee chul .. as you get to know him, he is an innocent guy."you are busy these days, aren't u?heechul: i've been really busy with nonstop shooting and my radio program with park hee bon. since i have super junior meetings too, i only get about 2-3 hours sleep. i've lost 9 kilograms due to lack of sleep and have gone down to 56 kg. since i've constantly on shooting whether it be with acting or so forth, i haven't had time to do any facials or anything.you're really well rounded being an actor, gasoo, mc, and radio dj ...heechul: i've just started my career, and i really want to make a good impression of myself and be very successful. between acting and singing, i prefer acting. i think i have a knack for radio hosting ... people say i have a charm.you are getting famous for being a "dong mak gol" guy ...heechul: i'm from a country part of korea. i've shown alot of it in xman, like when park myung soo asked me there where i was from. since i look like i have some unfriendlyness to me, the satooree accent really helped me in being more liked by older viewers. my older sunbaes have said alot about the accent i've been portraying and have been interested in it. i feel like my past isn't really important, so i told them it really doesn't matter.image is what makes you intersting... (sorry im not sure if this is the right translation..but pretty accurate...)heechul: i used to wear ribbons and stuff in my hair, for odd reasons .. i have calmed down alot in my fashion. i usually by stuff at the local shopping place (dong dae moon). i don't really have any of my clothes from before. i have alot of memories in my heart though of my past history.you're nickname is cinderella. is there a particular reason why?heechul: when i used to play games on the computer, i would get user names like cinderella, and kept telling me how i should use glass slippers on my cyworld ... so i guess thats where ...talk about your debut days...heechul: i auditioned in october 2002 with sm and my parents were there to support me. they seemed to be the happiest there. since my parents came from a poorer family with less education and so forth, they were so happy for me to be chosen to work in sm. they love to brag about me. i love how they really are proud of me, and really appreciate where i am now, i am working especially hard for them, too, along with me really wanting to be successful personally.the type of girl you like ...heechul: i'm the conservative type. i like a girl who can cook well and a girl who has nice legs. i like a girl who is of average height, like to put her hair up and have average eyes, along with her liking to wear skirts. girls who have alot of piercings and have their skin showing alot .. i really don't liek. i have had only one relationship in my life ... the person i was with i get to confess alot of my feelings to her, i got really tired to not being able to, so i felt really bad, so i decided not to see her again, cuz i thought she wasn't of the right suit for me. i'm that type.your real life personality ...heechul: since i am the kind of person who cannot really express myself alot, i like to be alone. if i drink alcohol, i don't like to drink in big groups, and i usually drink with a a few friends. i also do drink alone sometimes. when i watch movies, i usually don't go to the ones with alot of people watching them. even though i do mcing, djing, etc...i don't really have alot of celebrity friends i hang out with, only a few close ones. reading and play on the computer individually are what i personally enjoy in my free time. in super junior, my younger brothers do alot for me, but i don't really make it important that they have to, but i really appreciate how much they care for me.your future goals...heechul: if i have brought a good impression this year towards everyone, i will definitely want to do a drama next year. i would really liek to do something really eye catching, but it is the most important for me to shed my personality and myself in acting.credits tosophisticatedshorty88 from soompi



 ying says  





saturday, december 10, 2005



sj rock!!!i have been doing graphics throughout this morning.banner for my cuz.some random one of yunho + kangin for grace.a damn random wooohyuk (the blending suck)been listening to knockout for dunnoe how long ((:i love that song!heechul= delicious.



 ying says  




i am bored; here i am.dbsgi was disgusted when they first debuted. i mean i do not want another shinhwa or h.o.t replacement you know and i find them tooo pretty for their own good ):okay, so their hug single was good, miduhyo too.but i didnt think they could still sing fast songs.for eg. tri-anglesadly, i still bought the album.i went back to my shinhwa craze and totally treat dbsg as non-existent.but then recently after the rising sun mv, perfs (bo bian must watch) and heard report about them, i would rate them 7/10. kinda low but they still got a long way to go.but overall i would say i prefer shinhwa music (with the exception of the 7th album) to dbsg.i think sm is still trying to make dbsg like h.o.t or else why would they do rock/punk or whatever, i mean they are suppose to be like paran who sings sings sings.rising sun/ tri-angle sounds similar to h.o.t old songs.h.o.t fans would know what i mean.overall: i prefer dbsg doing ballad (:why is shinhwa better?cause shinhwa is witty; has a great sense of humour; can be what i called guysand any shinhwa fans would have followed them since first album would know they shinhwa had tried every genre of music and they always succeed though i still think shinhwa music detoriates under goodenter but they are being treated better.think of old hits like hey come on!  hero! hyegulsah! wedding! everlasting love! all your dreams! i love all your dreams, it was a real great song.conclusion: i think dbsg still has a long way to go.  (girls at mid twenties does not like guys who are prettier than them)till they prove to me how much they are worth, i will rate them higher.



 ying says  





friday, december 09, 2005



i am back to photoshopping and i am better than ever.worship me and beg me if you want me to make one x)for michelle <3for rachel <3for crystal <3for grace larh. =pi know i rock at blending.



 ying says  





wednesday, december 07, 2005



rofl.heechul is a fuckable guy, i mean it.next is jaejoong, xiah and micky <3i think i amuses michelle alot and yes, she always wonder why am i her friend or either why is she friends with me.for eg. i am korean celebs-crazy, i talks to everything including plates. i love pretty boys and yes, i like to suan her. somehow, i am just opposite of her. i am a terror (thats what she says), i love shinhwa like %*%*^%*&%^#$%#%##^ though my list is going longer everyday.lols, actually she amuses me too.for eg, i ask her to run to the room, she runs to the room not before knocking into the door.second time, she refuses to run so i had to tell her to walk to the room.ain't she interesting?!!now tell me, who is more interesting?



 ying says  








