





easton lions club – where there's a need, there's a lion
































































	skip to content




 


be a lion!
events
thrift store
news blog
donate
 



menu



be a lion!
events
thrift store
news blog
donate
 









in the news 











please support our sponsors 



  















golf tournamentmonday september, 2025 








holiday festivalsaturday december 6th and sunday december 7th, 2025 







junk daysaturday april 19th, 2025 on the dpw's hazardous waste day 











fishing derbysaturday may, 2025:  free for kids to fish at the governor ames estate pond - many prizes 







golf ball dropapril 27th, 2024
 closest to the pin wins $500! 







classic car showsunday september 14, 20205southeastern regional vocational school gates open at 8:30 am  















helping the community 



























lions causes around the world 



 select a local organization logo below the lci icons to view groups we support that help our community. 











vision 




 





 








diabetes 




 





 








hunger 




 








environment 




 








 







childhood cancer 



 











in january 2022 the easton lions became the new chartered organization for easton scout troop 193 




 





 







read more












 












 














lions calendar 

















        no event found!    
 






view all events


























 

					where there's a need, there's a lion				


contact us
privacy policy
login
 

© 2021 easton lions club of ma



we value your privacywe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. view additional details in our privacy policy.  you may also visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 
























