




















































+ medical lolita + — livejournal







































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































medical_lolita
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














medical_lolita







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








+ medical lolita +
> recent entries
> archive
> friends
> profile


> previous 10 entrieslinks+medical lolita+ playlist



july 10th, 201012:00 amrequests are permanently closed.do not message me for a song or a song re-upload.if you are looking for songs try the j-rock mp3 communities on livejournal.thank you for your understanding.(246 comments | leave a comment)january 25th, 200905:25 pm - closed.for the longest time i never thought i would dream of deciding this, but +medical lolita+ is permanently closed.i'm not the same person i used to be, and i am losing a lot of interest in japanese music and pop culture. i enjoyed sharing music with you all, as well as discussing opinions about music, but i'm just not interested in maintaining this journal anymore. j-rock and visual-kei is becoming more and more disappointing to me, and the fandoms of immature people are overshadowing the talent of the musicians too much. it's only going to become worse and worse.i will keep this journal up for memories because i'm sure i'll want to re-read it someday, but do not expect me to ever update again. i think i've known for a long time that i wouldn't stay committed to this journal and it's only now that i am confirming it. there are a lot of places to go on livejournal and on the internet if you want more mp3s. my requests section is permanently closed, so if i am messaged for a song re-upload or a request i will ignore you. plain and simple.j-rock and visual-kei music/culture is a diminishing part of my life. i am shedding myself of these unnecessary 'fandoms' and moving on. thank you for your understanding, and i will miss the discussions i had with many of you.~dolly.(7 comments | leave a comment)august 25th, 200805:50 pm - #68 - random rotationi've been busy for the past month, with both personal events and family problems, which is why i have not been on. of course.since someone mentioned in the last post they wanted to hear some more obscure music, i tried to choose music that is not as well known/has not been featured on +medical lolita+. i think i will also do this for the next rotation.unsurprisingly, none of these songs featured have pvs. title: sex android - neurosegenre: new visual-keirating: 7/10comments: starting this rotation is a song by sex android. they're fairly new... i think they've only been around a few years, i can't recall exactly. normally i try to avoid anything visual-kei has achieved after 2001 (especially after 2005) but... i don't mind this at all. downloadvideo title: l'ysenore - nostalgiagenre: indiesrating: 7.5/10comments: l'ysenore is a terribly pretty band, that's what attracted them to me in the first place. (i am a terribly visual person.) l'ysenore has that great indies sound, but like many indies bands, the quality of this song is not the greatest. but it's a must for late 90's/matina style band lovers.download video title: aioria - hana kotobagenre: indiesrating: 9/10comments: after only a few listens to this song, i just love it! i'm an indie whore, sorry. <3download video title: billy - another seisyun jidaigenre: new visual-kei/indies?rating: 8.5/10comments: i will be honest, the display picture is the sole reason i downloaded music from this band. i grabbed it about two years ago and today is the first time i have dug out their mp3s from my gmail for a listen. they remind me of vidoll. even though i don't like vidoll too much, this is a good song, and i'm liking the whole pale skinned, light haired skinny eunich look. <3download video title: crack brain - ryuuseigenre: indiesrating: 8.5/10comments: i'm discovering a lot of bands today, even though i've been hoarding this music forever. airi from madeth gray'll (the unsightly band member on the back left) came into the band after mg disbanded, so you can definitely hear a madeth influence in this song. i believe hizaki had also been in this band. the vocalist also has a beautiful voice which i am starting to really like.download video title: devine maiden - killer genre: indies rating: 9/10comments: sirens + heavy guitar = fuck yes. recommended.download video title: the golden spider - kurobara genre: visual-kei?rating: 9/10comments: this guy sounds an awful lot like kiyoharu, which gives me an immediate predilectation for this song. i was certain i had an icon for them, but i guess not...  recommended.downloadvideo  title: klack - intifada 2003 -orch. ver- genre: kenzoooo.rating: 9/10comments: i think this is reminiscent of a survival horror game, specifically silent hill. the gargly noises throughout are pretty strange. i like it. (and the guy in the middle of the picture looks hilariously out of place)download videotitle: lilacberry - strawberry dollgenre: oshare... i'd think.rating: 7/10comments: bands that look like they haven't even graduated high school yet make me sick.download video hopefully you've found something that has roused your interest. i know i did. it's roused more than just my interest. haaaaaaaaaaaah.i also have an mp3 request. i accidentally deleted penicillin's "grind candy" and i was wondering if someone could give it to me (the song, not the single). please and thank you.the question of the week...is visual-kei dead?yes. malice mizer's "bara no seidou" was the funeral music for visual-kei that was elaborate and decent, and all but the few neo bands that have tried to pass themselves off as visual-kei are clones of one another. how many bands do you see that look like lilacberry.too much.cheers~dolly.(4 comments | leave a comment)july 15th, 200810:09 pm - #67 - random rotationmusic time!i randomly remembered that +medical lolita+'s third birthday was on july second, so happy 3rd bithday, medical_lolita! i think. i have a love/hate relationship with my mp3 rotation, which explains my random inactivity.it's getting difficult for me to choose songs and themes because i'm sure a lot of you have the mp3s i do... that's why i haven't updated in a month, i'm just uncertain of what to put on here. so i put together a mediocre line-up and hope you find something you like. title: the zolge - white zone #2genre: rockrating: 8/10comments: haruhiko ash singing jazz. engrish jazz. i don't get it.download video title: blam honey - geneous forture in the garden (part one)genre: industrialrating: 9/10comments: i meant to do a little tribute a lot sooner than this. i'm sure you all know, but for those who do now (and do not use myspace, like myself) ryonai released information about tatsuya's death in june 2004. <3 i can't believe he only made it public now. even though they have not been active for years, especially tatsuya (and his reason why is now clear) i'll miss tatsuya a lot. download video (a fan tribute)title: billy idol - flesh for fantasygenre: awesomerating: 2000/10comments: billy idol. i can't be the only billy idol fan here, right? i'm going to see him live in august, so i wanted to put up a song. this one's my favorite of his. ^^ yummy. billy idol puts me in heat.downloadvideo title: art marju duchain - anaphaxetongenre: gothicrating: 8/10comments: i haven't put up any amd for awhile, and i really adore this band. i only wish they released more songs because i am enamored of kai's voice for some reason. i like his vocal style in this song.. it reminds me a little of dada's voice contortion.download   video title: klaha - chameleon no seppungenre: jazzyrating: 8.5/10comments: um.. i'm embarrased to say i've liked this song for years. so i will say i selected it because klaha is handsome. and he is. and here's the chance for you to hear him say "doobie doobie" if you ever were curious.once my sister and i looped this song for about twenty minutes and made an improvised drawing while listening to the music. it turned out pretty ugly, with a dancing sun, a detective, a diner with a happy piano, among other things.download video title: aliene ma'riage - native devilgenre: indiesrating: 9.5/10comments: aliene is one of the best 1990's japanese bands to crawl out of the woodwork, even though they crawled back quickly. if you disagree with me, i'll just have to rip your eardrums out and spare you of your terrible musical judgement. seriously.downloadvideotitle: kozi - ismgenre: visual-keirating: 7/10comments: hedonist, pessimist, narcissist, humanist, nihilist, fetishist, facist, and me. meism.downloadvideo title: aural vampire - v madonna schizoidgenre: gothicrating: 7/10comments: i would put 'repoman' on because i prefer it, but since i put it on awhile ago.. here's a different song.download videothat's all for the music.questions....to help me out with my rotation, please just answer this:on +medical lolita+ i want to see more of ______________and less of ___________put as many bands as you like, just make sure i have them on my playlist... telling me you want to download more 12012 will just make me laugh at you.also, remember when blood "disbanded" a few years ago and then basically went "april fools, we're still together"? don't you wish they actually disbanded? me too.  ~dolly  current music: billy idol(24 comments | leave a comment)june 13th, 200802:45 am - #66 - special - band theme rotationwell, kaya won this band theme by default, because even though there ended up being tied votes again... i just let him win because he had the most votes first. it's unfortunate and i'm disappointed, really, because kaya is not hard to find anymore. his discography is all over the internet. so i added some schwarz stein songs as well to spice things up because that's when his talent was most blatant. but since this voting has proved lack of interest for most of you, this will decidedly be the last band vote rotation. also, my computer has randomly decided to double click so in this rotation i'll have to see if i end up decidedly smashing my computer monitor out of frustration.title: kaya - hydrangea rating: 8/10comments: well, this song is interesting, at least. i like how it begins, with all the water sounds and stuff. very hydrangeaish. mhm. i also like the vocals, how it doesn't even sound like kaya at parts.download title: kaya - kagami onirating: 8/10comments: this just reminds me of aural vampire. i do like the music though.. otherwise it's not thoroughly interesting.download title: kaya - kaleidoscoperating: 9/10comments: this is one of the few solo songs of his i listen to, and i like the effect with the orchestra. he really sings beautifully in this song. (it is hard to think of good comments at three in the morning, you know.) download if you haven't yet.download title: kaya - kuroi tsubasarating: 6.5/10comments: the whole "another cell" album just makes me want to slap kaya and hora back together until they re-create schwarz stein. this song even has that goddamn "aaaaaaaaaaa~" (0:34) they always used. d: why did they have to disband? both solo projects are mediocre against what they once were. download title: kaya - remains of mindrating: 8.5/10comments: i like this song, but i am just finished with the kaya comments. i have nothing more to say. download title: kaya - funerary dream rating: 8.5/10comments: holy shit, kaya can smile. surreal. download title: kaya - chocolatrating: 8/10comments: i'm going out for pancakes tomorrow. :3download title: schwarz stein - addictive epicureanrating: 9/10comments: i don't listen to this song often, but i just love the beat. :3 the vocals are nice too. upbeat and understated.download title: schwarz stein - succubusrating: 9/10comments: angry schwarz stein. :d perfect for those who like disorder and surprisingly pleasant screamy vocals. (i wouldn't call it 'screamy' but... stressed?) nightmare~ no more.   recommended.download title: schwarz stein - fester loverating: 9/10comments: i remember reading one of kaya's interviews long ago and he had said that he and hora had recorded two of the "new vogue children" songs in complete darkness... i think one was queen of decadence, but i'm pretty sure this was the other. (bear with me, it's been awhile since i read it.) i like the moodiness of it, how both the vocals and the music are fluid and relaxed. it's almost morbid. :3 <3downloadas i stated before, this is not the most obscure band choice, so i will not be surprised if most of you have these songs. however, i do hope some will find songs they don't have yet and of course, let me know.enjoy.~dolly (47 comments | leave a comment)june 9th, 200807:34 pm - regarding the non-rotation post.the voting results this time around are very little, with over 100 people watching +medical lolita+, i expected a lot more.kaya and kokusyoku sumire are tied at a grand total of three votes each. amazing.thank you to all that voted, but if there is going to be a vote rotation we're going to need some more participation from others, okay?so, vote.or ?you have until thursday, the 12th. if this tie-breaker entry receives less than five votes, i'm canceling.(10 comments | leave a comment)june 2nd, 200808:38 pm - #65 - random rotationhello everyone!today's rotation is random, but still has the informal theme of "put ipod on shuffle and see what songs result". also in this entry is a mini silver ash rotation!there are no pvs this entry because youtube and i currently have an estranged relationship. sorry!title: noir fleurir - clock'work fairygenre: indiesrating: 9/10comments: immediately recommended to aliene ma'riage fans -- i know there are a lot of you out there! one the introductory talking part is over, this is a really good song. it's already grown on me. i love their aliene influence.download title: schwarz stein - perfect gardengenre: gothicrating: 9/10comments: please note this is the album version, not the remix on the artifical hallucination album. i fucking can't stand that remix. schwarz stein is the last greatest visual-kei band to exist. period.download title: madeth gray'll - chizome no kigeki (secret track)genre: indiesrating: 10/10comments: i can't get enough of this madeth gray'll style of song -- the screamy, odd noise, disconcerted way rather than their usual broody pre-emo symphony. <3 i love this song. recommended.download title: earl grey - head will rollgenre: indiesrating: 8.5/10 comments: on the topic of indies, here is earl grey. i don't think i've featured their music on my rotation for... a long time. which really is a shame because i enjoy their music....download  title: kozi - innermost...genre: visual-keirating: 8.5/10comments: it came down to this song and one from izayou no tsuki, and i prefer to feature a song with lyrics. this was never really a favorite of mine of the album, but i have a lot more of an appreciation for it now. through a 'member'/friend of medical lolita i found a live album of his (from 2006?) and wow, does his voice sound much better. i'll have to put it on the rotation soon!download title: vizell - aspiregenre: indiesrating:comments: i just adore vizell. i seem to like every song i've heard of theirs (although i never listen to every song a band releases... i don't know why), it's just unfortunate they weren't around longer to make something greater of themselves. download title: traditional music of the japanese geisha - lotus blossomgenre: geisharating: 8/10comments: um. i have always been enamored of geishas but... i don't know if i would be able to sit through singing like this without shifting my eyes or nevertheless being amused. still pretty though.download title: blood - the reaper behind megenre: gothicrating: 9/10comments: ugh, if blood was american, they'd be the laughing stock of the entire country. i actually like this song a lot more than i thought i initially would have, but who the hell comes up with their song titles?download title: malice mizer - clown suicidairegenre: instrumentalrating: 9/10comments: lol~ random movie soundtrack time. let's all take a moment to reflect on bel air ~verte aile~  and it's unnecessary plot line.oh no my tarot card said 'death' and the entertaining clown mimicked suicide so i guess i'm going to die and have gackt do this over-dramatic scene of finding my corpse on the bed. malice mizer movies are awesome. i put this one on my ipod and the sound doesn't work. :(download time for a mini-band rotation:silver asha few weeks ago i got a comment from an anonymous user thanking me for the silver ash i had uploaded. i think silver ash needs more love, as they are the sole recognizable chinese visual-kei band, and since you enjoy them so much, i decided to upload some more for you, as i don't have a way of contacting you through livejournal accounts. i just hope you don't have all of these... white dream (bai se de meng)    return (hui gui) snow track (xue hen) twinscontrol estrangenever endthe only question i have this week is....i looked on my playlist and noticed i did not have malice mizer's "kioku no sora" (memoire/tetsu version). i do not understand how that went unnoticed because that is one of my more favorite mizer songs, so can someone please pass it along to me? thank you!also, a harder request --months ago i had found this video (haruhiko ash and nao saejima) and i am looking for an mp3, if it exists. it's really grown on me and i'm amused by the vocals. if you have it/can locate it for me.... i will love you until i find another song i want. thanks again!i would like to take this opportunity to remind everyone (politely) to comment and also vote on the band rotation. the deadline is friday!~dolly (12 comments | leave a comment)may 25th, 200812:49 am - non-rotation post/band theme rotation #6~ it's been a year, so how about another band rotation vote?(i'm trying to become more involved with this rotation once again.)i will put up my list of artists and you can vote your top three choices for the rotation. the band who gets the most votes will be featured on the band-vote rotation on the week of june 8 -14th! that means you have two weeks to vote, so i'm looking forward to seeing a lot of votes. rules:+ the bands you vote for must have more than 7 or 8 songs on my playlist (unacceptable bands will be put in italics on the artist list).+ popular bands like malice mizer, psycho le cemu, dir en grey , x-japan and artists like hide, gackt, miyavi, etc. are unacceptable because you can find their mp3s on downloadable music programs.+ soft ballet, earl gray, phantasmagoria, and hizaki are automatically unacceptable because they won the last four special band rotations.+ remember, no more than 3 bands! unacceptable bands are in italics, acceptable are bold.directory of j-rock artiststhe deadline for this voting contest is friday, june 6th, 2008. no exceptions. i'm looking forward to your votes!update:june 2nd rankings:candy spooky theater - ikaya - iiihora - iisilver ash - ideflina ma'riage - id - iikokusyoku sumire - iiieve of destiny - i+sadist+ - isex android - ithe zolge - ialiene ma'riage - ischwarz stein - ivelvet eden - iblood - ilet's get some more votes!(7 comments | leave a comment)may 24th, 200807:05 pm - #64 - theme rotationhello! ^^ before i start this week's rotation, i want to announce that +medical lolita+'s playlist has been updated for the first time in one million years. there is now enough malice mizer to make you regurgitate blood and roses, as well as massive updates of the stalin, brain hacker, soft ballet, inugami circus-dan, madeth gray'll, aliene ma'riage, sex android, the zolge, and deflina ma'riage. also expect to see updated lists for exist+trace, blood, virgins o.r pigeons, heisabyoto, the piass, moi dix mois, guniw tools, pride of mind, doremidan, kaya, angelique, versailles, nookicky, eremia, candy spooky theater, kalmia, polysics, ryuichi sakamoto, the piass, anti-feminism, eve of destiny, and deadly sanctuary. so take a look and request something!as always, thank you to those who comment, i'm always glad to see what you have to say.i always tell you all -- even threaten sometimes -- comment, even if it is 'ewfwe'.let me know you have taken interest in my rotation. it should not be so difficult.this entry is a test entry. if i receive less than desirable entries, i will password protect all files and will not give you the password until you comment. i'm serious, come on. this theme is first j-rock songs listened to by dolly. self-explanitory. firsts of selected bands, because i don't just listen to anyone. title: malice mizer - shiroi hada ni kuruu ai to kanashimi no rondo genre: gothicrating: 9/10comments: it doesn't matter whether you love mm or not, i will tirelessly argue with you that bara no seidou is visual-kei's masterpiece. it is the magnum opus and it is the funeral music of visual-kei. who else in this subculture can come up with music that is so sophisticated? i've said it before -- this album is elegantly macabre, the immaculate blend of light and dark. blood and roses, woohoo. <3downloadvideo  title: madeth gray'll - mother complexgenre: indiesrating: 8.5/10comments: i happen to think madeth is very important in the 90's visual indie scene, and they're one of the first bands who come to mind when i discuss indies. <3 i don't love this song as much as i once did, but it makes me reminisce of dancing around and putting on blue lipstick after getting dressed in the morning. uhm, and the opening music also makes me think of surfing...downloadvideo title: blam honey - tranceparent skygenre: industrialrating: 7/10comments:  i remember when i first found out about blam honey in 2003. back then blam honey was extremely hard to find, and i remember a friend saying "i want to listen to blam honey!" and myself replying "me too!". it took me months to find a single song. and it happened to be this one, and my friend and i were both unimpressed with it. she personally abandoned any liking of them after hearing this. xd but i decided i still liked them and about half a year later found the typical ingeniousness album... then i knew i could not go back. and i never have. and i never will, so. i will kidnap tatsuya and ryonai when the time is right. you'll be able to order our sex tapes off the internet soon.download videotitle: moi dix mois - forbiddengenre: gothicrating: 9/10comments: i remember hearing this back when it was released with the dialogue symphonie single and thinking mana had a malice mizer complex. it does seem like he picked up where malice mizer left off, because malice mizer was a genius of a band. and unfortunately, moi dix mois is not. but i do like the juka-mana-kazuno trio and none of them are the same now that they've gone their own ways. i can't stand what moi dix mois has become now. downloadvideo title:  aliene ma'riage - ikei no mariagenre: indiesrating: 10/10comments: i cannot, i will not, stop pressing this song on people because it is amazing. i urge you to listen to it because it will leave nothing short of an impression on you, whether positive or negative. kyoka's voice is at its prime here -- shrill, screechy, neurotic. it's so strange, and the first time i listened to it i went right to bed after, but could not sleep because i had the shrieks ringing through my head. that was my impression and i fell in love with kyoka right away. currently, while my love is in deflina ma'riage, we have an estranged relationship... because i think he's turned into a conformist idiot.download.download video title: x-japan - kurenaigenre: visual-keirating: 8.5/10comments: i am not certain why, but it took me a long time to warm to and appreciate x's music. i can understand why some people don't like them and perhaps that is why, i was focused on the fact a lot of people i knew didn't care for their music. i don't like every song of theirs that i hear, but i have really come to love the roughness of toshi's voice. downloadvideo title: kuroyume - masturbating smilegenre: visual-keirating: 9/10comments: ...it has been years since i have listened to this song, and i've realized i have missed it very much. ^^ it's not very complex, it's actually very early 90's indies, and i just love kiyoharu young or older.his lips are freaking creepy, though.downloadvideo requests...it's been a long time.so go see my new music and request something! *prods* just -- keep it under ten requests, please.phylia - fragment phylia - risoukyou phylia - gensou no namida phylia - fashirinaito hide - genkai haretsublam honey - rink blam honey - rink -artificial delusion ver.- calmando qual - 666 calmando qual - vision calmando qual - mudai aural vampire - basara mix aural vampire - deisukokingu aural vampire - frz aural vampire - hot blood workout aural vampire - kaidokuaural vampire - tera bikusen aural vampire - v madonna schizoid   this week's question....what's the stupidest jrock band name you've ever heard?i personally want to know who came up with the great name "guy's family". i personally have nbo interest in the band, but what kind of fucking name is that?"there's this guy.... he has a family.... let's make a band about that."idiots.your turn~dolly(11 comments | leave a comment)may 16th, 200801:56 am - non-rotation post/memoriali found out about this a little later than i'd like to...despair's (despair nation's) ana committed suicide on march 24th, 2008.  i had put up despair's music on my rotation mainly because she was my favorite in the band, and it pisses me off that her time with the band ended this way.i don't know much about her (or despair as a whole) to even call this a memorial, so what do i call it? from despair_nation:official announcement about ana's death:as some people will already be aware, ana took her own life on march 24th, 2008. it is with a sense of horror and great sadness that i am obliged to make this the first official bulletin from the official myspace profile for despair.at this time, this terrible loss is still very raw: and it is difficult for me to put into words the conflict of emotions i feel. i will make a full statement in due course.in the meantime, i would ask people to refrain from e-mailing us directly with questions about this subject: please allow us to deal with our grief privately.if you wish to leave some message of condolence, i have opened the ’comments’ board to allow you to express yourself in this way.i have also uploaded what now becomes ana’s final song with despair - ’gash’ from the new darker waters compilation. the release date of this compilation has been changed to june 7th: the same date that we - along with many of ana’s other friends - will play a concert in her memory at shinjuku marz (tokyo dark castle).the answer to the question ’will despair continue?’ is ’yes: of course’. as others of you may be aware, ana had in fact already played her final show with despair in february: and rieu and myself were already recording material for the new album without her. however, i had hoped and believed that one day she might return: something which can now never happen.i will write in more detail when i can collect my thoughts better. until then, please bear with us at this difficult time.thanks jude (despair) so despair will eventually resume as a duo... but it's not going to be the same. d:since i know some of you on here like despair (and perhaps knew about this long before i did) and for those who are interested, i'm putting up some songs, as well as a youtube video.dance of the murder propaganda (brainwashed drug mix)destructive needle (distorted awakening mix)angelic conversationmpd conflict junk war riot (command mix)dance of the murder (live)rest in peace, love.  (4 comments | leave a comment)





> previous 10 entries> go to top


livejournal.com





























