

officially licensed nascar merchandise and sports merchandise only at auto racing alley














































 
























































about us















contact us 














 
nascar contest















request a catalog















customer service















gift certificate







                 

links of 
                interest














hot 
            specials











new page 1



















 























 
 click here



 











we accept all 
    major credit cards.
you can simply call us at

    216-571-3684
 













 















site designed and hosted by
        
mango bay internet























            these veteran drivers
			salute  
			martin truex, jr.
			2018 monster energy
			cup series champion














 








jebco 
        clocks










		serving the race fan since 1999







a 
            link to the past

a 
            vision for the future


refund policy and our terms and 
			conditions can be found by visiting our customer service link above. 
			we look forward to serving you.  












 



 
			auto racing alley offers the finest officially licensed nascar merchandise, sports merchandise and diecast collectibles on the internet. from 
			nba jackets to college gear, we offer the best selection at low everyday prices. servicing the race fan with quality motorsports merchandise and diecast collectible cars is a priority. we carry motorsports merchandise from nascar 
			and the nationwide series, 
			harley davidson, cart, indy, formula 1, gt, nhra and muscle cars and sportscars . 

            

            in addition, we offer motorsports merchandise from drivers such as dale earnhardt, dale earnhardt jr, matt kenseth, jeff gordon, 
			jimmie johnson, clint bowyer, kyle busch, carl edwards, tony stewart and mark martin just to name a few. nascar diecast and nascar merchandise is only a click away.

            

            if you crave sports merchandise, auto racing alley carries only officially licensed merchandise from the nfl, mlb, nba, nhl, mls and ncaa. 
			cleveland cavaliers 2016 championship leather jackets made in the usa 
			are here. we offer quality sports apparel at low low prices. we carry sports logo products for baseball, basketball, football and hockey at college and professional levels. you’ll find sports merchandise such as hats, shirts, jackets, and so much more! we carry it all at lower prices here at auto racing alley.

            

            so whether you are a race fan , sports fan, or classic car 
			collector, auto racing alley has the quality products that you are looking for. we offer the best selection, lower prices, secure on-line ordering, speedy shipping and invite you to enter our free monthly nascar prize contest!

            

            just remember, if there is nascar merchandise, cleveland cavalier 
			championship jackets, diecast or sports merchandise that you are looking for but do not see it on the site, contact us - we will help you get it. get your racing gear, 
			diecast collectibles and autographed memorabilia today!

 
privacy & security

commitment to 
			privacy

at auto 
			racing alley, we value our customers and respect their privacy. we 
			collect customer information in effort to improve your shopping 
			experience and communicate with you about our products, services, 
			and promotions. we do not sell or rent your personal information to 
			third parties. as described in this policy, we do, however, share 
			your information with third parties that provide services on our 
			behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product 
			or service (such as mailing our catalogs). 




what kind of 
			information we collect:

we collect 
			customer information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing 
			address, phone and credit card numbers, which you provide when you 
			place an order or participate in our contest. we also maintain a 
			record of your product interests and your purchases online or in our 
			catalog. we may acquire customer names, e-mail addresses and mailing 
			addresses for select mailings from third parties. 





how we use 
			the information we collect:

to serve you 
			better, the information you supply to us is added to our customer 
			database and mailing list. from time to time, you may receive 
			periodic mailings or e-mail from us about new products and services, 
			discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. if you do not want 
			to receive such e-mails or mailings from us, please contact us via 
			e-mail, phone, fax or mail.  customer 
			telephone numbers are only used to contact you regarding an order 
			placed with auto racing alley. we will not call you for any 
			promotional purpose(s). 

we may 
			combine information you provide with demographic information that is 
			publicly available to enhance and personalize our communication with 
			you by e-mail or postal mail about our products, services, and 
			promotions that may be of interest to you. 




credit card 
			safety:

to protect 
			the safety of your credit card information, we use geotrust ssl 
			certificates with 256-bit encryption, the strongest ssl protection 
			available anywhere. widely recognized as a symbol of trust on the 
			internet, geotrust ssl is your assurance that every site visitor has the 
			strongest available encryption, without exception. once you enter 
			the checkout page, your computer will begin communication in full 
			256-bit encryption mode. the "http" in the web address will be 
			replaced by "https". 




removal from 
			e-mail, phone and postal mail lists:

we want to 
			communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. if you prefer 
			not to receive information from us, either through e-mail, postal 
			mail or by phone, please let us know by sending us an e-mail or 
			calling us at 1.216.571.3684

contact 
			information

we are always 
			here to help you. please feel free to contact us using one of these 
			methods:


			e-mail   chris@autoracingalley.com


			phone ordering and general questions 
			1.216.571.3684 m-f 8 am – 4:30 pm est


postal mail
			auto racing alley

3898 tyndall 
			road suite 3

university
			 hts., oh 44118






 


































