the star pressnews sports opinion life advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  michaels arts and crafts store in muncie to close in marchred-tail land conservancy: spreading love to all, not just charismatic faunakendalynn ross muncie man gets 8 years for unlawful possession of firearmivy tech's downtown ball building to host college goal sunday on feb. 23 the crossword        obituaries        enewspaper        what channel is purdue basketball vs. wisconsin on… when are nba all-star rising stars games tonight? time… when is daytona 500 qualifying today? when is the race? indiana basketball: another what-if for hoosiers after…  indiana basketball's last minute comeback falls short in… michaels arts and crafts store in muncie to close in march  muncie man gets 8 years for unlawful possession of firearm  ivy tech's downtown ball building to host college goal sunday on feb. 23 more in news delta's olivia marshall is the star press athlete of the week (feb. 3-8)  indiana basketball: another what-if for hoosiers after ucla loss  indiana basketball's last minute comeback falls short in loss to ucla more in sports red-tail land conservancy: spreading love to all, not just charismatic fauna kendalynn ross  bygone muncie: the life of lazarus fletcher chris flook  hicks: the great state of illiana (or is it indinois?) michael hicks more in opinion who is the youngest best actress oscar winner? see how old she was  'snl' 50th anniversary show isn't on saturday: here's when to watch it  utah bill would ban pride flag in public schools, government buildings more in trending the viral our place wonder oven is back on sale! save up to 30% this weekend  crocs slippers are less than $35 for a limited time only  hoop...there it is: how to watch 2025 nba all star weekend more in shoppingtake our survey!       vote every week       contests       more in contestsdelta's olivia marshall is the star press athlete of the week (feb. 3-8) mega millions winning numbers for friday, feb. 14, 2025 like it or not, change is coming to hs sports. what new transfer rule means. how to watch nba all-star saturday night dunk, 3-point contests tonight everything you need to know about daylight saving timeabout us staff directory corrections careers accessibility support sitemap legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local businesses advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters mobile apps facebook x enewspaper archivesjobs cars homes classifieds education shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.thestarpress.com. all rights reserved.