



moon software

















open-menu



closeme







password agent 


copiaris 


shell tools 


buy 


support 


news 


about 













welcome
welcome to moon software! we specialize in windows software development since 1996. some of our utilities are completely free, while others have a free lite version available, which is often all you need if you have basic requirements. since we don’t like annoying popups, spam, and bloatware, you will not find any of that in our applications.
password agent






password agent is an agile and easy-to-use password manager program that allows you to store all your passwords and data snippets in a single, easy-to-navigate, and secure database. it is browser-independent and supports most common web browsers without installing any special browser plug-ins or extensions. password agent can semi-automatically log you into websites just by pressing a global hotkey in the web browser, so you can stop using insecure password managers built into web browsers. read more…
shell tools






shell tools is a free windows shell extension that adds the following new commands to right-click menus of files and folders in windows explorer: resize to jpeg, copy file size, copy file path, show hidden files, show super hidden files, show file extensions, file note, refresh icons, map directory to windows sandbox, and install/uninstall/load/unload font. read more…
copiaris






copiaris (formerly backup magic) is a file copy and backup tool for advanced users and it professionals. it allows you to design and execute foolproof click-to-run or unattended file copy scenarios that are as simple or as complicated as needed. both console and graphical user interface versions are included. read more…




featured posts


new tutorials available for autofill and cloud storage


rate password agent in microsoft store


recent posts


from january 15, all licenses include 1 year of free updates


password agent 2024.11.22 released


switched order processing to 2checkout after mycommerce/digital river stopped payments


password agent 2024.9.24 released


password agent for android updated














































































copyright © 1996-2025 moon software.
      this site does not serve "social", "like", "analytics" and other similar tracking scripts.
privacy policy â· refund policy â· about


to-top








