









monterey bed and breakfast | top rated monterey inn | ocean view monterey hotel































































 







skip to content








831-372-4777 | facebook 

check rates & availabilitycontact us 














 overviewaboutfaqsweddingsgift certificatesroomsreservationspoliciesspecialsenhance your staythings to dodirectionsgift shopoverviewaboutfaqsweddingsgift certificatesroomsreservationspoliciesspecialsenhance your staythings to dodirectionsgift shopoverviewaboutfaqsweddingsgift certificatesroomsreservationspoliciesspecialsenhance your staythings to dodirectionsgift shop 














 






























 


 




welcomechristine gustafson2024-11-26t22:38:17-08:00

welcome to jabberwock innan elegant craftsman-style bed & breakfast overlooking the majestic monterey bay.
set on a half-acre of fanciful gardens, jabberwock inn, an historic 1911 craftsman-style bed and breakfast inn, provides fabulous views of the monterey bay with its famous sea otters and harbor seals.
in the late afternoon, wine and hors d’oeuvres are served on the enclosed sun porch and after dinner, guests are treated to homemade cookies. when you’re ready to settle in for the evening, you’ll find comfy beds complete with cozy sheets and quilted comforters. three rooms include jacuzzi tubs for two and fireplaces. sleep soundly, knowing that a scrumptious breakfast awaits you.
this popular monterey bed & breakfast features upward of 959 reviews on trip advisor and is distinguished by its rating as #1 of 25 b&bs in monterey county since 2015!
jabberwocky poem×jabberwocky poem

“jabberwocky” is a poem of nonsense verse written by lewis carroll, and found as a part of his novel through the looking-glass, and what alice found there (1871). it is generally considered to be one of the greatest nonsense poems written in the english language. this poem is used in many schools to teach students about the use of portmanteaux. (fascinating details here)
‘twas brillig, and the slithy toves
did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
all mimsy were the borogoves,
and the mome raths outgrabe.
“beware the jabberwock, my son!
the jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
beware the jubjub bird, and shun
the frumious bandersnatch!”
he took his vorpal sword in hand:
long time the manxome foe he sought—
so rested he by the tumtum tree,
and stood awhile in thought.
and, as in uffish thought he stood,
the jabberwock, with eyes of flame,
came whiffling through the tulgey wood,
and burbled as it came!
one, two! one, two! and through and through
the vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
he left it dead, and with its head
he went galumphing back.
“and hast thou slain the jabberwock?
come to my arms, my beamish boy!
o frabjous day! callooh! callay!”
he chortled in his joy.
‘twas brillig, and the slithy toves
did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
all mimsy were the borogoves,
and the mome raths outgrabe.
closeclose to everything
the jabberwock is only five short blocks above cannery row (made famous by author john steinbeck). visit doc rickett’s lab on cannery row, the monterey bay aquarium, carmel -by-the-sea, pebble beach, old fisherman’s wharf and point lobos/big sur from our monterey bed & breakfast.
the monterey/pacific grove recreation trail, just four blocks down the hill, offers an extraordinary walking, jogging, and biking path. perhaps you will want to explore the tide pools of asilomar or play at san carlos beach and park, in any case, as you meander the trail, enjoy the scenic monterey bay views and the historic architecture of monterey; alta california’s first capital from 1804 to 1835.
guaranteed best rate!
use promo code bestrate and you will get $10 off your rate just for booking-online directly with us.
our “best rates” are available only on our reservation pages or by phone. many third party websites (like expedia and booking.com or tripadvisor and even google), claim to have the best rates for our guest rooms. they do not, because we set their rates and we do not always offer our rooms through those sites. the truth is that you’ll find the best rates and availability by booking through our website or calling us directly: 831.372.4777.
experience the jabberwock …
craftsman-style inn set in vast gardens.
welcoming ambiance steeped in comfort.
creative and delicious breakfasts.
bocce ball court
evening hors d’oeuvres
exquisite views of the monterey bay

jabberwock inn is an all-inclusive monterey lodging property.
we welcome singles, couples, gay travelers, those with special needs … small groups and events. we host elopements and small weddings … in our picturesque gardens and warmly appointed living areas. in town for a conference or convention? consider jabberwock inn as your special place stay.
 





 
 





contact us jabberwock inn
598 laine street
monterey, california 93940
831-372-4777
innkeeper@jabberwockinn.com
https://jabberwockinn.com
rick & suzanne weichert
owners

 

what our guests are saying “we highly recommend the jabberwock inn for those who care about where they are staying.” – mmcgeary, santa fe, nm
(read more reviews)


 

quick links visit our gift shop
like us on facebook
online reservations
privacy policy
accessibility statement
(site map)

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025  |  elegant website design & photography: innlight marketing | dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications 



 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





monterey california monterey is a city on california’s rugged central coast. its cannery row, one-time center of the sardine-packing industry, was immortalized by novelist john steinbeck. today, it’s a popular strip of gift shops, seafood restaurants and bars in converted factories. also famous is monterey bay aquarium, with thousands of marine animals and plants on display in underwater and interactive exhibits.

 






 
 
page load link

 






























































































go to top






