








































    
    mini kitchen - smart, ingenious, simply swiss
  
  

 















                  

 

 

 

 

 







    


     home



  about



  collections


   k6



  k9





  projects



  cooperation



  blog



  contact






     english
en



  français
fr











    
 





          welcomebienvenuewillkommen welcomebienvenuewillkommen
  
 



 






    smart, ingenious, simply swiss
  amazing kitchens for small spaces

mini kitchens designed like no others: an iconic concept of contemporary, free standing, hideaway kitchens: the offering delivers high standards, sophisticated originality and conviviality, with all the characteristics and even more of spacious kitchens.    

more about us




    collections

compact, functional and minimalist kitchens, available in various combinations and finishes, delivered complete, fully equipped and ready for installation. simple and yet ingenious, this is also kitchoo’s philosophy.


      



    k6

  

discover the collection





    



    k9

  

discover the collection





    



    k11

  

discover the collection







   

  projects
 for some projects, we can adapt our kitchoo models to specific technical requirements. this service may interest architects, real estate developers or hotel operators.   

projects management




   engineered in switzerland just for you
  





    delivered directly to you
 we directly sell and provide after-sales service for our mini kitchoo kitchens, in europe. this transparent relationship has always favoured our privileged links with all our customers who have become our best fans.


   
complete, fully equipped
 
ready for installation
 
technical instructions
 
full assistance


   

 smaller simpler smarter


       
  home & decor
an ingenious swiss-technology pocket kitchen that requires only 1.54m2 to function.

  

bouton



 
  the world of interior
a magnificient harry houdini kitchen.

  

bouton



 
  tiny house
amazing kitchoo compact kitchens.

  

bouton



 
  life edited
a small space kitchen that is not an eyesore.

  

bouton



 
  marie-claire maison
simplement ultra-fonctionnelle.

  





 
  home edit
kitchoo kitchens optimize the usable space while minimising the footprint thus solving a major problem.

  

bouton



 
  singapore home decor
with such fuss free solutions, you won’t have to compromise on functionality even with a small kitchen.

  





 
  cote maison
une kitchenette compacte et ingénieuse. une légende produit.

  

bouton



 
  smart home making
die küche von kitchoo optimieren den nutzbaren platz und minimieren gleichtzeitig den platzbedarf.

  





 
  source a-id
totalement fermée kitchoo fait disparaître la technologie pour se fondre dans son environnement.

  





 
  dornob.com
unsurprisingly a red dot award winner, kitchoo k6 is a compact kitchen that’s practically the definition of compact, efficient and space-saving. a tiny all-in-one kitchen.

  











        discover kitchoo, the benchmark for sophisticated, designer compact kitchens

  




  in recent years, living spaces have tended to shrink, and the need to optimize every square centimetre has become a priority for many homeowners. in this context, the functional compact kitchen and small designer kitchen is the ideal solution for those wishing to combine functionality, design and quality in a limited space.



   features of a kitchoo compact kitchen

  




  kitchoo is a swiss specialist in high-end compact kitchens. the company offers fully-equipped mini-kitchens designed to fit into small spaces while offering maximum comfort and practicality.contemporary, elegant designkitchoo's compact kitchens are designed to appeal to those with an eye for aesthetics, with a sleek design and unique functionalities. its fronts are available in a range of colors and finishes to perfectly match the style of your interior. what's more, its resistant, easy-care materials make it a durable, high-quality kitchen.optimized ergonomicsone of the main assets of kitchoo compact kitchens is their ingenious layout. in fact, these fully equipped mini-kitchens are designed to optimize space so as to offer maximum storage and accessories. every element has been carefully thought out to make daily life easier for users.top-of-the-range equipmentalthough compact, kitchoo kitchens are nonetheless functional and well-equipped. they feature everything you need to cook in the best possible conditions: hob, oven, refrigerator, sink, extractor hood, dishwasher, led lighting and even integrated electrical outlets... all harmoniously integrated for optimum ease of use.



   the various possible combinations

  




  with kitchoo, you can choose from several combinations to create your ideal compact kitchen. depending on your needs and space constraints, you can opt for :    a mini-kitchen with or without dishwasher,   a model with or without waste garbage can   a version with retractable table to save even more space,   an office version without cooktop or extractor hood.
this modularity means you can create a compact kitchen to suit your needs and lifestyle.



   the advantages of a kitchoo kitchen

  




  when you choose a top-of-the-range kitchoo compact kitchen, you benefit from :1. considerable space savings: thanks to their carefully thought-out layout and reduced dimensions, kitchoo kitchens make the most of the space available.2. a modern, ingenious design: kitchoo compact kitchens have a sophisticated look that blends equally well into a contemporary apartment or a more traditional home.3. impeccable quality: when you choose a kitchoo kitchen, you're guaranteed to invest in a kitchen that will stand the test of time. the materials selected are resistant and easy to maintain, while the appliances are from the best brands on the market.4. optimal ergonomics and ease of use: every element of kitchoo compact kitchens is designed to make daily life easier for users, with numerous clever storage compartments and functional accessories.5. kitchoo kitchens are delivered complete, fully equipped and ready to install.6. with all these benefits, it's hardly surprising that kitchoo's sophisticated compact kitchens are a big hit with those looking to save space without sacrificing comfort and aesthetics.



   why choose a kitchoo compact kitchen?

  




  in short, a sophisticated kitchoo compact kitchen is the ideal, incredible solution for small spaces that need to be optimized. thanks to their contemporary, elegant design, ingenious ergonomics and high-performance equipment, these mini kitchens offer optimum comfort without compromising aesthetics.so if you'd like to equip your home with a functional, designer kitchen in a minimum of space, don't wait any longer to discover the kitchoo compact kitchen range!








    internationally protected for you
 the result of years of effort and enthusiasm, kitchoo has revolutionised the world of tiny but always sophisticated compact kitchens. for us, our supporters and customers, kitchoo will always remain synonymous with innovation and quality. kitchoo kitchens are the subject of many protections both in switzerland and internationally. penalties may incur by the manufacturers and customers of counterfeit products. 
   









      head office kitchoo (suisse) sachemin des usses 131245 collonge-bellerives w i t z e r l a n d phone :+41 79 551 28 12mail
:contact@kitchoo.com     

 

 

 

 

 





  




    follow us on social networks
     facebook



  instagram



  linkedin



  youtube





    english
en



  français
fr





 privacy statementlegal notice we constantly strive to improve the quality of our products, we reserve the right to modify, at any time, the characteristics. our kitchoo models are internationally protected. kitchoo is a registered trademark. all rights reserved - ® copyright kitchoo (switzerland) public limited company 01.2025.


   © 2025 kitchoo (switzerland) sa. all rights reserved. 
data protection











































































































































  
  share by:








