












bicycle vacation tours usa | carolina tailwinds



















skip to main content






toggle navigation









bike tours
the experience
about
our team
blog
contact
 
get our newsletter







adventures for every rider
start your bike tour 






 
 

carolina tailwinds’ rental bike fleet












florida






georgia





michigan





new york





north carolina







south carolina





tennessee






virginia





wisconsin





browse tours











fully supported inn-to-inn bicycle tours




best usa cycling vacation tour company — carolina tailwinds bike tours
we provide carefully planned multi-day bicycle tour packages that include fine dining, memorable lodging, beautiful cycling routes and full support, all in a small group environment.  we offer 16 destinations in 10 states throughout the eastern u.s.  come ride with carolina tailwinds!






country inns & boutique hotels





amazing food





small group sizes





great organization





thoughtful itineraries



the carolina tailwinds experience




sign up for tour announcements & deals
sign up
 



start your bike tour
see how carolina tailwinds gives you an amazing trip.
browse tours


news from the road






june 25th, 2024
three-peat!  #1 cycling tour again in 2024
 

thank you once again loyal friends and patrons who vote us number 1 us bike tour company in the 2024 usa today 10best readers choice award!  we appreciate your votes and your faith in carolina tailwinds.






august 5th, 2023
carolina tailwinds voted #1 bike tour...again!
 

for the second year in a row, carolina tailwinds has placed 1st in the usa today 10 best readers' choice competition.  thank you to all of you who voted for us.  all of us at ct are again humbled, and we will do all in our power to live up to this ranking!






june 24th, 2022
carolina tailwinds voted #1 cycling tour
 


carolina tailwinds is proud to announce that we were voted #1 cycling tour in usa today's 10best 2022 readers’ choice awards.
this come on the heels of top 4 finishes each of the previous 2 years.  as before, carolina tailwinds was one of twenty companies nominated across the country, chosen by the panel of experts.  the top 10 bicycle tour companies were then chosen by popular vote and awarded the 10best readers choice award. 



 








1.888.251.3206



bike tours
the experience
about
our team
blog




careers
contact

connect with us 




web design by alloy digital agency







