








logo watches - custom promotional watches for your company & business



























 
call us: (312) 280-1388
premium quality logo watches - from 6 pieces moq promotional & custom imprinted timepieces   

menu


home
logo watches   ▾

special promotions
automatic watches
schools
sports collection...
corporate collection...
specialty collection...


free e-sample
how to order
contact us







choose your customized logo watch for your company's anniversary, to reward job well done, and retain top talent and important clientsfor companies, agencies and business owners, fotowatch is the leading expert that offers high quality customized logo watches for your promotional needs. set yourself apart with a selection of watches that you won't find with traditional promotional item distributors.








start here with the most popular categories for custom logo watches:
small budget?    fast delivery?


ideal for promotion swatch style watches 8 colors incl. transparent
see entire collection
imprint on watch face & strap 
ideal for schools, student awards, anniversary & graduation gifts, sports team awards, celebrations, music band merch, fund raising & more...


classic sportsgreat company giftsclassic elegance
see entire collection 
choose from 6 different collections - each features 4 to 8 different models. outstanding chronograph lines to classic sports and golf themed - customized promotional watches.


corporate perfect for awards & retirementstainless steel
see entire collection 
choose from 12 different collections - each features 6 to 8 different models. stainless steel, gold and 2-tone deluxe timepieces for men & women.













inform yourself about important advantages you'll get... 
  click the button below
7 advantages


learn more about using a strategy for your marketing...
  click the button below
concept watches








x
best selection of high-quality and reasonably priced timepieces


turn promotion into timeless success - discover the 7 advantages we offer to you

your choice of 400+ fully customizable logo watch models
from inquiry to completed order within 72 hours
free e-sample (virtual sample watch with your logo)
orders from 6 pieces , 12 pieces , 25 pieces (special promotions) ...and volume orders
free shipping & logo artwork & printing charges*
offering branded and private label watches of the highest quality
over 32 years experience usa/europe


imprinted watches are a perfect solution for any business to:celebrate - motivate - recognize - appreciate - reward 
          brand - promote - congratulate - retain

 see what our customers have to say about us












x
concept logo watches


we are the only one providing custom logo watches with a concept - by design, features and marketing objective - whether used solo or as part of a multiple marketing mix strategy.
this will excel your return on investment greatly and will give you an unfair advadtage in your market -- guaranteed!


normal and average don't cut through the ocean of noise burried under the huge number of messages delivered day-in and day-out.start being extraordinar and make sure that you are in the mind of your clients & customers, and not being forgotten but remembered permanently - 24/7 for years to come. stop losing customers - the game is retention!
the concept to retain top talents differ from the goal to position yourself in the market.
          the concept to reach customers for a motorcycle factory differ from any other industry.
only the right concept and strategy will produce the desired outcome - every time!
find out how we can help with one of our concept strategy experts. click the button below to apply for a call
 schedule your call now 







click below to see what's  on sale  
bonus watch benefits: one free promotional custom watch for every 100 ordered. why not choose the fotowatch advantage.  order 100 watches and get 101!  order 200 and you get 202 - and so on! your free bonus watch is our way of showing that here at fotowatch, we appreciate your  business.


bestseller - see what's trending




★ our specialties  - private label logo watch ★
✔ logo watches - free customized e-sample with company logo on the dial
chronographs - executive  (sports collection)
24 hour dial watches       (specialty collection)
stainless steel models      (corporate collection)
schools timepieces available from 12 pieces -- graduation gift - class reunion - fund raiser
swatch style -- solid colors or transparent colors, and with strap imprint
✷ private label (o.d.m.) watches and designimprinted watches - with your logo, slogan or advertising message on the dial or other watch parts.
promotional watches · business watches · corporate watches safety award watches · custom watches for every occasion.
artwork & shipping
free shipping of your order (from 200 pieces)*
			free artwork & printing (from 200 pieces, all models)
*to any united states destination. special low shipping rates available for our non u.s. customers.
product selection  -- marketing
need help with product selection?
fotowatch realizes that in this fast paced time, creative marketing help, product selection and quick answers are a must.  we're here to assist you and to provide excellent customer service...
			simply give our staff the demographics of your promotion, such as price point, theme of promotion, target audience or groups, quantity, artwork, etc., and fotowatch will do the rest.  fill out this easy 3 step form and... you'll have a detailed proposal within 72 hours - saving you lots of  time.
customized logo watch - choose from leather straps, bracelet bands to silicone straps; different case shapes (round, square to tonneau) and colors (silver, black, 2-tone, rose gold etc.); from printed dials, sunray to sector dials, carbon and guilloche pattern with raised indexes. premium quality.
fotowatch  - an american watch company #1 specialist for personalized & customized watches





unique desktop clocks   that do more than tell time...


what customers are saying click here for more testimonials


	  i have received the watches and they are great!  everyone i have shown them to agree. please know that i will share my great experience with your company with others and hopefully can generate some business for you to compensate for my insanely rushed order! many thanks and hope to do business with you again in the future.thanks!
	  

janie j monsanto company




	  tammy - i just want to let you know we received the watches and they are wonderful - even better than we imagined.  we will definitely keep fotowatch in mind for any future projects we might have. thanks again.
	  

vaneda d. sprint nextel




	  tammy, i wanted to tell you that the watches were a huge success at our celebration meeting. everyone really loved the watches. is it possible since you have our logo information to purchase additional watches...that would be available by the end of march? please let me know your thoughts,  and thanks again for everything.
	  

timothy b.  hilton hotels corporation (repeat customer)










trusted by top brands, smbs and organizations click here for more references

↑






support

watch-finder
make an order
order terms
packaging
volume orders
why custom watches





information

sitemap
about us
privacy policy
terms of use
disclaimer & copyright
product info
blog





resources

faq
watch glossary
web resources
dial ideas
marketing tools
custom designs





companyfotowatch 205 n. michigan ave. suite 810 60601 chicago, illinois tel:   +1 (312) 280-1388
join our mailing list




© copyright 1999 by fotowatch. all rights reserved.











