



project himalaya | 2025-2026 nepal adventure treks










































nepal | 
india | 
info | 
about | 
contact
all links & search






leader jamie mcguinness


 
subscribe to our
occasional newsletter




i agree to have my newsletter
activity tracked








project himalaya
 



guide bire tamang




guide bal bahadur lopchan








nepal

nepal treks
nepal with us
visa info
camping trek gear
lodge trek gear
6000m peak gear
health & ams
your security
nepal inspiration

india

india treks
india with us
visa info
delhi-leh travel
india trek gear
6000m peak gear
health & ams
your security
india inspiration

info

free info
trekking peaks
jobs roles
everest thoughts

about

about us
ph on facebook
ph on flickr
blog & social
jamie mcguinness
lobsang & crew
nepal guides
previous treks

contact

contact us
insurance options
payment
waiver & release
contract-booking form





our nepal treks
small - friendly - adventurous
an experience to savour. nepal treks (& india-ladakh treks) are truly our passion and we set out to make each and every trek your adventure of a lifetime. we skip the busy everest bc trek (even though i wrote the guide book) and instead focus on exploring quieter but incredible regions. here is some photo inspiration.
nepal is our second home and we are true specialists, caring for every detail. small and personal, we are happy with smaller groups, four to eight members only and each trip has a couple of additional days to cope with bad weather or a delayed domestic flight, increasingly important in these less certain times.
"i very much appreciated your loose "facilitator" style, (as opposed to "strong leader") which allows room for individual responsibility and decision making ... i can't imagine ever going on a heavily scripted and controlled, marching toe to heel, trip again."
- bruce utsey

the larkya la in the manaslu region after snow
2025 nepal treks
our 2025 treks are now firmed up, most treks ready to book. do also see our incredible ladakh & zanskar treks!

everest spirit *private
we revel in the khumbu with no fixed itinerary while jamie finishes updating his guidebook.
late mar-apr — lodges — jamie mcguinness

 

tsum & manaslu *private
a private group trek beginning with timeless tsum then the classic manaslu circuit with a few additional days - no rush!
30 apr-25 may, 26 days — lodgesstatus: full

 

mustang & saribung wild
upper mustang then a climb of straightforward saribung 6328m and across the glaciated pass to the nar-phu 
valley. we finish with the kang la and tilicho - easy! hmmm.
25 sept-29 oct, 35 days — lodges+camping — jamiestatus: full

 

upper mustang
with colourful crops in the fields, ancient gompas and canyons of awe, we partly jeep unavoidable roads but mostly trek the best trails to lo manthang then take an adventurous, appreciative trekking route out on that most scenic of trails.
25 sept-12 oct, 18 days — lodges — jamiestatus: one spot left

 

manaslu beyul *private
the ultimate trek around manaslu with an annapurna circuit finish for a private group.
11 oct-8 nov, 29 days — lodgesstatus: full

 

manaslu beyul
the ultimate trek around manaslu with our unique itinerary getting well off the beaten track. seriously, this is the best manaslu trek!
13 oct-5 nov, 24 days — lodges — jo chaffer


kanchenjunga north-south high *private
epic! unspoilt and cultural, the kanchenjunga region offers some of the best trekking in nepal and on this special version of the trek, we walk up jamie's favourite very high viewpoint of the region.
29 oct-24 nov, 27 days — lodge trek

2026 nepal ideas

annapurna sweat
a leisurely rediscovery of the classic circuit from bhulebhule (without traffic). photogenic with crops in the fields and clear air, the monsoon is an unusual yet great time to trek as we have additional hideaway days for rough weather. details to come.
aug 2026?, 21? days — lodges — jamie mcguinness

 

manaslu beyul / beyuls
the ultimate trek around manaslu or tsum and manaslu - details sometime!
early-oct- nov, 24/33 days — lodges

 

2026? milke danda
there is an alpine ridge between makalu and kanchenjunga with the most gorgeous views but do we finish east with the lumba samba to olangchung gola, or the west route to makalu bc, both of which we pioneered?
oct, 28/35? days — camping — jamie mcguinness


nepal travel basics easy, there's an online e-visa system with payment on arrival at the airport, usd50 for 30 days or usd125 for 90 days.
trekking basics you can trek solo in the busy annapurna, langtang and everest regions. for other restricted areas you must arrange through a trekking agency for the permits. upper mustang, manaslu and kanchenjunga are great lodge treks, other areas require a fully supported camping trek.
trekking is walking, not climbing, and we rarely walk in snow. you carry a day pack, the porters/horses carry your duffel/kitbag. trails are rough, sometimes exposed and rarely signposted.
a typical day on the trail is 4-6 hours walking starting around 8am and reaching 2-4pm. distances are 8-24kms with big hills and descents with rest days spaced throughout the trek.
fitness reasonable fitness required, trekking is physical.
seasons spring treks are march, april into may then no trekking during the summer monsoon (go to ladakh instead). the main post-monsoon trekking season is busy october and fine november.
nepal prices are ex-kathmandu; you buy your international flight tickets to kathmandu (airport code ktm).
dates are the date you must arrive in kathmandu and the date you 
are free to fly out of kathmandu. you can arrive earlier or 
leave later and we book hotels to suit.
group size our usual maximum is eight or nine trekkers (excluding leader); minimums are on each itinerary.
caring for our staff we have great staff and really care about them, as they care for us. guides have worked years with us and our crew are appropriately kitted out for high altitude treks.


altitude acclimatization we take this seriously on every trip.
camping means sleeping in tents. a 
cook and helpers cater for us with 3 course meals and post-trek snacks, and porters/ponies carry the group gear and your kitbag. you 
trek with a daypack. we provide roomy single tents at no extra cost.
lodge trek means staying in local lodges and is on a twin share basis only. all trekking accommodation, all meals and some hot drinks are 
included. alcohol, mineral water, soft drinks, snacks and toilet paper not 
included. porters/mules/jeeps carry your kitbag/duffel leaving you with a daypack.
all treks include
+ local airport transfers
+ hotels and guesthouses
+ domestic flights/private vehicles
+ guide and porters/horses
+ group first aid kit with altitude meds ... and more
camping treks also include:
+ roomy single tent / 3/4 person tent for couples
+ french press coffee
+ cozy dining tent
+ filtered water ... and more
tipping our crew is usual and allow 5% of the trip cost as a guideline. the western guides don't take tips.
*exploratory treks is the golden age of exploration dead? yep - my thoughts.

 
contact us
email info@project-himalaya.com or use this handy form:
 



your email:

 
your name:

 
which trip are you interested in:

 
verification, type the current year: 

 


give a brief trek history:

 
and a message:

 

 






 
we do reply to every email in our own time; if you didn't get a reply, please try through our facebook page.
want to know us a little better: we have a list and photos of every previous trek that we have run...





 










nepal | 
india | 
info | 
about | 
contact | 
search


© 1997-2025 jamie mcguinness






