










x gym | online fitness personal training | kirkland







































































 









skip to content











425-822-9496online member logineastside member loginrecipes







































































 
homewhy x gym? x gym® 21 minute workout program high intensity training is the x gym for you? our methods what to expect bibliography (abridged)resultsabout trainers personal training group training ratesxtras articles stair training video workoutsxblog





















xgym video workout app:  sign up  / login









 






















2x the results in 1/3 the time since 1998!








try x gym




























personal training


 
click here to learn more about our kirkland location.
 
 

















small group training


 
click here to learn more and see the class schedule.
 
 

















live online training


 
click here to learn more.
 
 

















x gym xercise app


 
click here to learn more.
 
 



















fast results, in 21 minutes, twice a week, with no judgement













click here to learn more about xgym's unique methodology























































latest posts

























														senescent cell science matters													



by pj glassey


    the science of senescent cells: how exercise and fasting can help you age better imagine your body as a bustling city where cells are the...

read more about senescent cell science matters





















														the #1 goal hack to get real results fast													



by pj glassey


    there are many techniques we use at x gym to help members reach their goals faster and easier than they ever thought possible. below is...

read more about the #1 goal hack to get real results fast





















														how to get xtreme xponential results at x gym													



by pj glassey


    when people join x gym and do xactly what pj tells them, xtreme transformations like this happen in a matter of months: both of these...

read more about how to get xtreme xponential results at x gym














see all posts >










 
















connect with x gymsignup today for free and be the first to get notified on what's new




























 join us! 















try x gym for free!







connect with x gym!








































locations






online worldwide






206-938-9496






















eastside






10724 ne 38th pl
kirkland, wa 98033
425-822-9496
map link




















career opportunities






find out how to join our team >>






find it:









				search			



search



 






















 
xtras homexblogarticlesstair trainingvideo workoutsnutrition inquiry form





© 2025 voted best fitness trainers. all rights reserved.









 




























