geneva centre for autismprograms & serviceschildren & youth - oap fee for servicesocial skills, aba classroom, ibichildren & youth - oap free servicescaregiver mediated groups, entry to school, urs adultsemployment, respite, community options, social club camps and respiteseasonal camps, evening and weekend respite for children, youth and adults programs & servicesget involveddonatehelp bridge the funding gapways to giveflexible donation options to fit your needsvolunteergive the gift of your timeeventsgolf, learning, plan your own, events for allcareerswork with us to build a more inclusive futureget involvednews & learningnewsthe latest updateslearninglearning to meet all needs and stylesnews & learningcontactsearchdonateget started  search searchdonateget startedgca is closed today!february 13, 2025please be advised that due to inclement weather, all gca sites and offices will be closed today to ensure the safety of our staff and families. stay safe and warm!accepting new clients!discover the best fit let’s find the perfect program for your goals—whether you need guidance, structure, or a personalized approach, we are here to help!explore our programs   spring registrationopen nowour spring aba social skills groups, march break social skills, and march break camp registration are now open. register today!  spring social skills   march break camps   moments of joybegin with youevery gift creates brighter days and heartfelt moments for those who need it most.donate now   previousnextwelcome to the geneva centre for autism!we meet you where you are. programslive, work, and engage in your community.our client-led and evidence-backed programs enable individuals with autism to live, work, and engage within their communities. clients’ goals guide our multi-disciplinary team of trained, experienced, and empathetic professionals. we deliver services in three purpose-built, clean, modern centres in midtown and eastern toronto.see all programschildren & youth - oap fee for serviceour fee-based programs offer a variety of unique and innovative service offerings, including recreational, respite, and clinical programs, based on the principles of applied behaviour analysis.learn more   children & youth -oap free servicesour oap funded programs can be accessed through the toronto autism services network. we offer a unique approach in beautiful midtown and east locations.learn more   adultscustom-built adult programs are available for a variety of needs and include employment social skills, peer groups, respite, and camps.learn more   camps and respiteget out and about with our camp and respite programs. fun, safe, 1:1 support for school breaks, evenings, and weekends.learn more   reach out to get startedget startedget involvedwe couldn’t do what we do without our passionate community. join us!  donateevery donation makes a difference to our clientswhen you donate to geneva centre for autism, you join our community.donate today     eventsgolfing, dinners, auctions, and events are great fundraisersthe geneva centre offers a variety of events and activities designed to support individuals and families affected by autism. view all events     careerswork with us to make a differenceat geneva centre for autism, we are working together to build a more inclusive future.current opportunities   get started!whether autism is new to you or you're new to us, we're here to guide and work with you. reach out today. we’re here to help.we've helped thousands of clients.with comprehensive options from child to adult, including unique offerings such as respite and soft skills employment training, our 130+ staff are completely focused on enabling clients to meet their goals through evidence-backed programming.  start here with our intake form   what our clients say about us ““thanks for asking!“ using communication temptations with autistic students to increase spontaneous interactions was an incredibly informative presentation! the best presentation i have attended at cec ontario in the last several years.” “our teachers have found the adhd course extremely helpful. they made amendments to the physical layout of their classroom based on this training. as well, they've had a chance to really apply this new learning to some of our students and have made some plans for accommodations beginning the first day.” “i have no words for how thankful we are to the staff of gca. staff and supervisors are understanding and accommodating throughout the program. it helps us to develop miguel’s everyday skills and help him get used to a school environment. we will definitely miss going to gca.” "geneva centre for autism helped my son to achieve his goals; he started as non-verbal, and he ended the program saying sentences. i’m completely happy with the improvement my son had. thank you very much to the teachers and team of geneva centre for autism.""geneva centre has been an absolute godsend to our family. their services are topnotch, and the staff is knowledgeable and passionate about their clients. we always feel secure when our child is at the facility." 1 5 read all client testimonialsnews & learningget access to exclusive guides, webinars, news, and more.news what's happening around the centre and beyondlearn more   learningjoin a learning session on-demand or livelearn more   stay in touchstay connected with us. subscribe to our newsletter for weekly updates on programs, resources, and more.full nameemail sign up to receive our emailssubscribe to our mailing list, and become a part of our community.112 merton st.toronto, on, m4s 2z8164 merton st.toronto, on, m4s 3a8 3036 danforth avetoronto, on, m4c 1n2 tel: (416) 322-7877about uscareerstour our centrescontact uspoliciesterms of useaccessibilityaccessibility planlanguage statement © 2025 - geneva centre for autismcentre charitable registration number: 123989030 rr 0001foundation charitable registration number: 868664640 rr 0001         