
i love nc


































     

 
 

   buying a home?
refinancing?
apply
online




summer, at last!
a vow was made this winter to appreciate and embrace 
    any heat and humidity that comes our way this summer and fall.  just 
    another reason why i love north carolina!
pinehurst #2 hosts both the men's and women's us open!
 
 








 

looking glass rock at dusk

pilot mountain



 






bridal veil falls
an eery tree
bl. ridge pkway
cape hatteras

hwy 64 near franklin
cherohala skyway
near linn cove 
nc coast


 

living in north carolina

2014 ushers in an interesting time.  while the current 
  state of our country might have one focusing on an economic recovery, a debt ceiling, 
  or deficits and downgrades we should really take time to pause and think about 
  the past.  150 yrs ago the us experienced turmoil of a different type and 
  embarked upon the civil war or the war of northern agression, if you prefer.  
  anyway, have a look at some of these
  
  historic photos.   while you are out and about, check out some 
  of our historical landmarks.  

raleigh voted one of the best places to live and work!  
   
  

charlotte features many of the nations top banking 
  institutions as well as the nfl's carolina panthers and the nba's bobcats 
  (soon to be the hornets again) not 
  to mention the home of many nascar teams up the road in mooresville.

pinehurst is widely known as the golf capitol of  
  america!  2014 welcomes the men's and women's us open championship at the 
  famed pinehurst #2 where fan favorite phil mickelson hopes to complete his 
  career grand slam.     

has your housing bubble popped?   ....home prices may be off record high levels and inventory sits 
  longer, but if you are in the market; you are going to benefit from lower prices 
  and record low interest rates.  

now may be yet another great time to 
  re-finance or purchase 
  a home.  inventories are high, home prices appear to have stabilized 
  and it has spurred a little bit of a buying frenzy in 2013 ytd according to 
  economic stats.   it certainly seems to be a buyer's market.  
  the lowest rates in history re-affirm the fact that it's a great time to 
  purchase or refinance.


get a copy of your free credit report by visiting
www.annualcreditreport.com!

traveling in north carolina


blue ridge parkway 
turned 75 years old on 9/11/10!!  
cruise it and see why it's america's 
favorite drive.  reports are out and it is peak week in the mountains 
along the parkway.  come witness mother nature's finest splendor!  
bring your foldin' money and have some fun.

just be prepared for 
any closures! 



nc is known as the land of waterfalls and is home
to over 500 different cascades.  visit our  top nc falls, and see if you'll be 
near one!  always be careful 
      when climbing and hiking around waterfalls. many people have been injured 
      or even killed when hiking carelessly. always wear appropriate footwear 
      and bring along a first-aid kit.   
 never attempt to cross a 
      river or stream above a waterfall; one slip may be your last.  other 
than the simple legal disclaimer, enjoy a hiking adventure today!! 

welcome 
www.grandfathermountain.com as north carolina's newest state park.  
thanks to the morton family and their goal to preserve the ecosystem for future 
generations.  

 

  









from sun up to sundown; whether it's the beach or the
mountains, nc has something for you.  help support 
your local tourist industry, just get up and go!!  visit one of america's 
best beaches:  ocracoke; as voted every other year by dr. beach!

tour the outer banks and support our coastal communities---did you vote to restore bodie island lighthouse.  one of america's aging 
  icons will win a free restoration courtesy of jeld-wen windows and 
  doors.   although they didn't win the competition, bodie island
lighthouse will be the beneficiary of pres. obama's infrastructure redevelopment
program and will receive some public funds.  amen, to that!

gone fishin'.....nc has some great 
sources to kick back and reel 'em in!

working in north carolina



unemployment #s are lowering slowly but surely...however, if you've been 
affected, you are feeling the pain.  add inflation and its just gettin' 
tougher and tougher each and every day.



have you been laid off?  start your own business!  small
  businesses generate the most jobs in the us and they are often the first to
  the market with needed products and services.  it's clear that most of 
america's small businesses are waiting for signs of prosperity before they begin 
hiring!  so find something you are good at that you enjoy doing.



or join us!!  positions include sales, marketing, advertising, 
e-commerce, web design, distribution and event marketing



becoming an  

 partner 
       or distributor can help promote your business!!  
now looking for distributors for the 2015 calendar!!  


copyright 1997-2014
by avant marketing enterprise
all rights reserved



 




beats by dre black friday northface black friday uggs black friday
