




eden studios, inc. 













home
about us
news
products


card games

abduction
army of darkness
hack!


role-playing games

adventure maximus
all flesh must be eaten
angel
armageddon
army of darkness
beyond human
buffy: the vampire slayer
conspiracy x
ghosts of albion
terra primate
witchcraft




online store
community
retailers
support
contact us














new releases



 


latest news
august 9, 2014
getting ready for gencon 2014
we are getting ready to leave for gencon indy (aug 14-17) where you can see us at booth 629. if you are going to the show, stop by and visit us! any mailorders received during this time will be filled when we get back the folowing week. hope to see some of you there.
july 3, 2014
adventure maximus has arrived
now available from your local game store -  adventure maximus! 
head over to your favorite local game store and check the game out. we also have it available from our online store.
april 2, 2014
adventure maximus is almost here
we had a very successful trade showa few weeks ago showing off the final production samples of adventure maximus to retailers and distributors. the printer tells us its on its way to us now and we should seeit by the end of next month. 
so make sure you have your copies preordered from your favorite local game store!
we had some nice buzz from the show... you can see the articles here:
http://www.icv2.com/articles/news/28205.html
http://www.icv2.com/articles/news/28255.html
 
oct 3, 2013
band of zombies on its way to retailers and afmbe character journal now available
band of zombies has left our warehouse on its way to retailers across the world. also the afmbe character journal is nowavailable for download via drivethrurpg.com and from our website.
 
sept 6, 2013
online store is back online.
eden studios online store has been down for a few months and we have fixed it. we would prefer you to order our books from your local game store - but sometimes that is not possible. 
if you can't find a store locally - then you can order direct from us. 
 
sept 5, 2013
 band of zombies pdf now available
band of zombies pdf is now available from our partners at drivethrurpg.com. hardcopies are en route to distribution and retailers.


 
may 5, 2013
 adventure maximus! rpg kickstarter launched
eden studios has been known for publishing award winning and fan favorite rpgs for over 15 years. today we embark on a new project to bring in new players to the world of role playing games. it's time for a role playing game adults & kids can both enjoy. make a character in under 2 minutes. start playing out of the box.
that project is entitled adventure maximus!
adventure maximus! is a card based, introductory role playing game for players 8 years-of-age and up. players can take on roles from eight different races. working together as a famous "adventure company" based in the fantastic, post-apocalyptic world of ex-machina they can become heroes of legend.
adventure maximus! follows the classic role playing game format consisting of someone who runs the adventure (who we call a maximus master) and 2 or more players who interact with the adventure. inexperienced maximus masters will find using our adventure creation system helpful when making their first adventure. also, the role of maximus master can be taken over by a player in mid adventure so that everyone gets a chance to play!
check out the kickstarter:
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1801360072/adventure-maximus
 
sept 18 , 2012
 the conspiracy x paranormal sourcebook now available in retail stores and on the eden studios webstore. 
the conspiracy x paranormal sourcebook has begun shipping and arriving at retailers worldwide. so check your local retailer for copies, if you cannot find it - you can always order direct from our webstore. 
the conspiracy x game master screen is also available from our online store exclusively. 





© eden studios 1998 – 2010. all rights reserved.
site designed by vasilakos design


home  |  about us  |  news  |  products  |  online store  |  community  |  support  |  contact us  |  privacy policy 

all flesh must be eaten, beyond human, eden studios presents, terra primate, abduction © eden studios, inc. all rights reserved. 
  buffy the vampire slayer™and angel™ © twentieth century fox film corporation. all rights reserved. used under license.
  army of darkness™ © orion pictures corporation. all rights reserved. used under license.
  armageddon: the end times, witchcraft and unisystem © cj carella. all rights reserved. used under license.
  ghosts of albion © amber benson and christopher golden. all rights reserved. used under license.
  knights of the dinner table™ © kenzer and company. all rights reserved. used under license.
  conspiracy x © george vasilakos. all rights reserved. used under license. 






