 mamboserver - a hub for hosting comparisons, reviews and alternatives
    

 





hostinggaming serversreview processsearchmamboserver - factual hosting comparisons and reviewsthe goal of mamboserver is to provide an unbiased look at the web hosting industries and the companies operating within it. we have hands-on experience with all the major hosting providers on the market and use our extensive knowledge to create informative and helpful content for our readers.we never recommend a service without first testing it ourselves, so if you’re looking for well-researched and objective hosting comparisons, reviews, and guides, mamboserver is the perfect place for you.
find your web hosting providergetting started with hosting solutionswe know how difficult it can be to find the perfect hosting solution for your specific needs. after all, there are dozens upon dozens of services to choose from. things can potentially get even more complicated if you’ve never worked with a hosting provider before.dive into best reviews, direct comparisons, and top picks for
hosting
gaming servers
consult our professional reviews before choosing your next hosting providerpicking the right hosting provider for your website is no simple task, especially if you haven’t dealt with these types of services before. most companies that offer hosting services use carefully tailored buzzwords and technical jargon to try to convince you to buy their products. but as with any product or service, it pays to consult objective third-party reviews before you decide to commit to a purchase. as it happens, that’s exactly what you can expect on our website.at mamboserver we take great pride in our comprehensive step-by-step process for reviewing all the biggest hosting providers on the market. as well as some of the smaller ones. our process involves a huge amount of research and hands-on testing that often takes several months to complete. our highly experienced writers then take all the information we were able to gather and transform it into detailed reviews that cover everything you need to know about a particular hosting provider and its services. the entire process usually takes quite a while, but we don’t mind putting it the work because we believe the information found within these reviews is invaluable in helping users choose the best hosting service for their next project.not sure what to choose?get help choosing the right hosting providernot sure what the difference is between a shared hosting plan and a virtual private server? is signing up for a yearly contract better than paying on a monthly basis for your hosting? those are just some of many questions you may have about web hosting and the companies that provide it.we’re not claiming to have all the answers, but we do our best to shed some light on the most common questions we get from our readers.cheap web hostingfast web hostingcloud hostingecommerce hostingwordpress hostingcheap web hostingif you’re new to web hosting you’ll probably want to go for a cheap web hosting plan and work your way up from there over. that’s completely understandable, so here’s what we recommend:
bluehost
hostingeroffers starting from $0.99 / monthfast web hostingusers expect to be able to navigate your website quickly and you should do your best to accommodate them. that’s why your first order of business is to sign up for a fast web hosting plan. these are our top favorites:
hostinger
sitegroundoffers starting from $0.99 / monthcloud hostingshared hosting is good for beginners but you’ll eventually want to take things to the next level. when that day comes, it’s time to upgrade to a reliable cloud. here are our top suggestions:
kamatera
inmotion hostingoffers starting from $4 / monthecommerce hostingopening an online store is very easy nowadays and can be an extremely profitable venture. however, be aware that only certain companies offer good ecommerce hosting packages. here are some examples:
a2 hosting
sitegroundoffers starting from $2.99 / monthwordpress hostingalmost all the major providers offer web hosting packages designed for wordpress sites. but there are a handful of companies that go above and beyond when it comes to wordpress hosting, including the following:
bluehost
hostgatoroffers starting from $2.75 / monthwe compare hosting providers against each other so you don’t have tocomparing two hosting services against each other is often the best way to find out which one of them is superior. the only problem is that hosting providers usually don’t give you enough information to be able to make detailed comparisons on your own. when it comes to hosting prices, things are almost never what they seem at first glance. meanwhile, trying to find out performance-related information from the company itself is a fool’s errand since every provider claims to be the best in that department. so what can you do? well, you can either trust that hosting providers are objective with their marketing or you can consult an actual impartial source like mamboserver.web hosting comparisons are some of our favorite articles to write. we already gather tons of information about various companies and their services for our reviews, so we already have quite a lot to work with when putting together our comparisons. however, we still conduct separate research for these types of articles to make sure that our comparisons are always up to date. and also because we like to cover as many areas as possible before recommending one service over the other.
subscribe to our newsletter!get notified on exclusive deals & discounts.


subscribe
latest articles

 

gaming serversbest minecraft server hosting service of 2025
jason moth, 3 days ago

 

gaming serversbest palworld dedicated server hosting providers in 2025
jason moth, 1 week ago

hostingbluehost vs wordpress
diana melnic, 2 weeks ago




hostingbluehost vs. digitalocean
jason moth, 4 months ago



best ark: survival evolved server hosting providers…
the 10 best ovh alternatives of 2024
the 10 best digitalocean alternatives of 2024
vultr vs. digitalocean
bluehost vs. wix: deciding the superior host…
bluehost vs. 1&1 ionos
bluehost vs. inmotion hosting comparison and review…
namecheap vs. bluehost
bluehost vs. aws comparison – which one…
bluehost vs. weebly
bluehost vs. shopify: which host is better…quality, reliability and honestyexpert knowledgethe mamboserver team is comprised of tech writers, web designers, programmers, and seo experts with plenty of years of experience under their belts.actual researchwe take great pride in helping our readers find the perfect hosting solutions for their specific needs, which is why we spend countless hours researching every single topic we cover.unbiased opinionsevery hosting solution has its fair share of pros and cons. here at mamboserver we like to present both sides in an unbiased manner and let you make the final decision.
we guide our users through the jungle of choosing a reliable web host or to see if they are getting the most for their bucks - something we love doing.connect with us:




useful linksabout uscontactprivacy policyterms of useaffiliate disclosurecontribute to mamboservercomparisonswordpress vs. bluehostnamecheap vs. bluehostgodaddy vs. bluehostbluehost vs squarespace: a complete comparison for 2024siteground vs. bluehostpopular alternatives10 best digitalocean alternatives10 best bluehost alternatives10 best namecheap alternatives10 best hostgator alternatives6 best sitegound alternatives10 best godaddy alternativesfeatured
best minecraft server hostinglooking for a minecraft server? check out our guide to the seven best minecraft hosting providers.
read morehave any questions or suggestions? feel free to contact us. contact@mamboserver.com
copyright © 2025 mamboserver. all rights reserved.disclosurewe use so called affiliate-links in our articles. some hosting companies gives us a revenue share of "leads" that we send them. this should in no way, what so ever, make you think that our reviews and comparisons are nothing but unbiased. affiliate links are a way for us to stay afloat, hire more writers and expand our site to help you as the reader - and not the other way around.
↑     


