




dan klass















































skip to content


dan klass
about
podcast
jacket.
contact
 


dan klass






 

latest… 



 

somethin’s bruin 1 year anniversary yes, somethin’s bruin is 1 year old! thanks to bleav, 24/7 sports, all the listeners & sponsors, and of course mr. cory paus.





 

podcast movement: evolutions are you going? i’m going. look for me there…feb. 12 – 15, millennium biltmore, dtla.





 

15 years (sort of) of the bitterest pill! yes, november 3rd marks the 15th anniversary of the bitterest pill podcast. holy cow. maybe i should put out a new show to seal the deal…thanks for listening all these years!




															see all the news									




these are facts? 
0
years in internet media


0
years in podcasting


0
children


0
episodes of the bitterest pill 





what i’m doing? 
 videoproducing, directing and editing online video. and the occasional short film. 

 educatingmentoring podcasters through learntopodcast.org 

 podcastsi make my own.  i help other people make them.  i teach people how to make them... 




companies i’ve worked with or for in interactive/new/social media 

 

 

 

 

 

 







			dan trivia		


 

things people wrote… 
“podcast pick”

business week


“[dan klass is] balding”

entertainment weekly


“if you haven’t listened to dan klass’ show, the bitterest pill, please do so right away for a large dose of laughs, fatherly insights, and easy to digest bile from one of the smartest minds in podcasting.”
 

ask.com


“actor and comedian dan klass whines hilariously about his day-to-day life as a stay-at-home-dad in los angeles…always funny, poignant and well observed, [the bitterest pill is] an off-the-cuff improvisation about the joys of being a father…””

radio times (uk)


“why is this endearing? it just is…” “sublime”

the new york times



 





 social 
instagram
twitter
facebook
linkedin
 
   contactphone: (657) 21-klassemail: dk@danklass.com  



proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: moesia by athemes		











