 home - preservation management, inc.       respect | integrity | teamwork who we areleadership teamour valuesnews and resourceswhere we arewhat we doproperty servicesresident servicescommitment to caringjoin uscontact usfaqs careers pay your rent search housingwelcome home, we've been waiting for youwho we arepreservation management, inc. (pmi) has been providing comprehensive residential property management services since 1990. we take great pride in the level of customer service we provide to our business partners and residents.headquartered in south portland, maine, preservation management, inc is a full-service residential property management firm with a nationwide footprint specializing in affordable residential multifamily, subsidized, and tax credit properties. find your home arizonacoloradofloridageorgiaillinoisindianakentuckymainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganmissourinew hampshirenew yorknorth carolinapennsylvaniasouth carolinavirginia  1 bedroom2 bedroom3 bedroom4 bedroomefficiency  search join our team   frequently asked questions about affordable housing  what is affordable housing?everyone deserves a place to call home. affordable housing is housing that a
 household can pay for, while still having money left over for other necessities like food,
 transportation, and health care. in the united states, "affordable housing" is housing, rent or
 a mortgage plus utility payments, totaling 30% or less of a household's gross income. learn more about affordable housingour values professionalismwe take pride in ourselves and our work, we treat others with
 dignity and respect and we solve problems through collaboration and teamwork. accountabilitywe take personal responsibility for our actions, we utilize
 resources efficiently and we deliver exceptional results communicationwe create an environment of openness and trust where ideas and
 opinions are welcome, we listen empathetically to understand the needs of others and we
 provide honest feedback. ethicswe model the highest standards of integrity fairness and conduct,
 and we assume best intentions safetywe care for one another.integrity, superior service and commitment to your satisfaction –
 that’s what we focus on every day. rutherford park townhouses resident"the resident services coordinator has brought out the best in a lot of people." garden court apartments resident"the resident services coordinator is very for the people - very helpful in finding resources." orange village apartments resident"the resident services coordinator is great; if there’s an issue with residents she is very valuable with helping resolve and help everyone live together peacefully. very nice with everyone, very hands on." warren plaza resident"i need help and i finally found someone who can help."261 gorham road, south portland, me 04106.  207 774 0501   1 800 437 1220   207 879 0901      our communitiesresident servicesleadership teamour valuesjoin uscontact us  respect | integrity | teamwork preservation management, inc. (pmi) does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex,
 sexual orientation, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, familial status or receipt of
 public assistance in the admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its programs,
 housing and activities. © 2025 preservation management, inc.if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call  207-774-0501   accessibility disclaimer  | privacy
 policy website design by portland website co.. ↑ top ↑         x warning: internet explorer does not support modern web standards. this site may not function
 correctly on this browser and is best viewed on chrome, firefox  or edge  browsers. learn more.    english español русский العربيه somali tiếng việt bosnian 한국인 tagalog українська 简体中文 繁體中文 


