


 <\body>



stories in america























    
	stories in america
	
  
i host a daily public affairs radio show in san francisco called your call. it airs from 11 am - noon pst on kalw 91.7 fm. i am also happy to report that i recently got a book deal with polipoint press to write about my road trip through the heartland and the interviews i did with people about why they vote the way they do (or not). it's scheduled to be out in september.







thursday, october 02, 2008



	 governor palin, women want to know...
    


dear gwen ifill,it’s hard to believe that just a few weeks ago, the national media were fixated on lipstick. what a difference a wall street crash makes. it’s been remarkable to hear conservatives on the sunday talk shows discuss the growing income gap, stagnant wages, and job losses. if it weren’t for the economic crisis, who knows what the inane topic of the day would be. it’s a good time to be the moderator of such an important debate. if the lead story were lipstick, you’d probably be criticized for asking “gotcha” questions, but because this country is on a downward spiral, i’d be willing to bet that most people expect you to ask tough questions about issues that actually matter.the women i’ve interviewed over the past few months are tired of questions about flag lapel pins and the petty back and forth. they’re also tired of being ignored. other than polls, it’s all too rare to hear from actual voters. over the past few days, i've asked women, both in person and over the phone, what question they would like you to ask sarah palin at tonight’s debate. these women have dedicated their lives to fighting for the poor, affordable housing, abused and neglected children, the constitution, social justice, equal pay, veterans, equal rights for all, the uninsured, reproductive rights, civil rights, and innocent civilians whose lives have been forever changed by u.s. sanctions and bombs. when i tell women about this article, they first chuckle, then take a deep breath, and say, “where do i begin?” you're probably experiencing similar feelings. i would love to know what your preparation process has been like. here are the questions the women i interviewed would like you to ask sarah palin:“could you please describe your understanding of the obligations and authority assigned to the three branches of u.s. government as set forth in the constitution?” -elizabeth de la vega, former federal prosecutor, los gatos, ca“governor palin, 248,000 children in ohio are without health insurance. how do you stand on funding programs to help our poor and disadvantaged children? senator mccain supported president bush when he vetoed schip, the state children's health insurance program. where do you stand on schip?-marian hann, receptionist, children's defense fund-ohio, columbus, oh –- senator john mccain received a 10 percent rating from the defense fund -- alaska ranks near the bottom for providing children's health care“john mccain’s voting record on veterans does not reflect what comes out of his mouth. how will you improve care for veterans' families left hanging? what will you do to ensure the va hospitals give the vets the treatment they deserve so they don’t have to jump through hoops to get it? the va didn’t treat our son. the number of veterans committing suicide is on the rise. a lot more needs to be done.”-joyce lucey is the mother of jeffrey lucey, who committed suicide after being in iraq for five months in 2004, western massachusetts"if you were to become commander-in-chief, would you require military women who've been raped to pay for their own rape investigation kits as the constituents of wasilla do? nearly all soldiers found guilty of raping a fellow soldier do no jail/brig time. what would you do to change this policy to serve justice? do you think this is justice? there are reports of female soldiers dying of dehydration due to fear of being raped on the way to the porta-johns. would you appoint an independent investigator to look into both this and the claims that women servicemembers who are murdered in country are being wrongly classified as suicides? why did you delete rape kit funding from the budget when you were mayor? alaska's rape rate is 2.5 times the national average."-wendy barranco, 22, president, los angeles chapter of iraq vets against the war, los angeles, ca -- wendy barranco served as an anesthesia technician at a tikrit field hospital from october 2005 to july 2006“what’s your platform for issues of importance to native americans and indian health services? it’s getting worse here. we’re constantly losing our funding.” -naomi harjo, patient service coordinator, native american health center, a nonprofit, community-based organization, san francisco, ca“governor palin, this is the first time i’ve paid such close attention to politics. i was shocked to learn that you allow people to shoot animals from airplanes in alaska. why do you allow aerial hunting? how many animals have been killed as a result?” -angela, 70, thrift shop volunteer, petaluma, ca“even though the u.s. has for decades been the richest nation the world has ever seen, it has never been able to eliminate poverty by depending on trickle-down from wealthier sections of the economy.  now that poverty is growing again, and a rising number of people with full-time jobs are in poverty, and the burden of poverty falls most heavily on women and their children, what are the proposals to get these women on their feet and out of poverty?our country's escalating health care crisis - 47 million uninsured, many millions underinsured and health care benefits under siege from employers - has just as devastating an impact on women and their families as the financial crisis has on people in the finance industry.  maybe more of an impact.  would you say it's time for the institutions that are bailing out wall street to also rescue the people of main street from our failing health care system?”-ethel long-scott, executive director of the women’s economic agenda project, an organization committed to attaining economic human rights for all people, oakland, ca“will the mccain/palin ticket implement work supports--especially paid maternity/parental leave?”-sylvia allegretto, economist, institute for research on labor & employment at uc berkeley, berkeley, ca“governor palin, you have said that you believe that climate change is a real occurrence and the immediate effects can be felt all across your own state of alaska, but when asked if ‘man’ is the cause of climate change, you argue that it matters not who or what is ultimately to blame for this phenomenon, rather, that we accept it as a reality and move on from there.  simultaneously, you are a firm believer in ‘drill here, drill now’ as the solution to our nation's energy crisis. how do you reconcile these two positions, particularly given that there is  scientific consensus that burning fossil fuels, primarily oil, gasoline and coal, is the primary cause of climate change and, more importantly given your position on offshore drilling, that drilling in waters depths greater than 500 feet releases methane, a green house gas at least twenty times more potent than carbon dioxide in its contribution to global warming?  if we do not acknowledge that the oil, gas, and coal industries and the consumers of these products are the cause of climate change, but rather aggressively pursue the expansion of these industries, how can we possibly expect to change course and save your state from melting in the ocean in the process?”-antonia juhasz, 37, activist and author of the tyranny of oil, san francisco, ca“if you’re so pro-life, why are you so pro-war?”-pauline, 72, real estate agent, petaluma, ca“congratulations on being able to pull off being a working mother of five children. as vice-president, what are you going to do to guarantee that all american women have access to the same kind of childcare that you clearly have access to?”-jo kreiter, 43, choreographer, san francisco, ca“how do you intend to address the fact that an estimated 10,000,000 american children a day go hungry? what is your policy on helping working mothers get affordable childcare? what are your views on the successful re-entry of prisoners back to the community? what are your views on drug laws? are they effective in stemming crime? is incarceration the best way to deal with drug-related crimes? how should girls be protected from sexually abusive male relatives/fathers so that they don't get pregnant?”-margo perin, restorative justice teacher, ca“according to an alaska eagle forum questionnaire you completed in 2006, when you were running for governor, you said you opposed hate crime legislation. you were asked, “will you support an effort to expand hate crimes laws?” you answered, “no, as i believe all heinous crime is based on hate.” if someone is physically assaulted because she is jewish, christian, african american, a woman, or  gay, why shouldn't the law provide for an increased penalty?”-kathryn russell-brown, professor and director, center for the study of race & race relations, university of florida, gainesville, fl “if you were to become president, and then you were offered the opportunity to nominate a supreme court justice, whom would you pick, and why?”-joni eisen, 61, president, potrero hill democratic club, san francisco, ca “do you have any friends who are pro-choice? how do you feel about women who are pro-choice?”-donna“how would you ensure that u.s. intelligence agencies focus their warrantless surveillance resources on real terrorism threats rather than on prying into the private lives of law-abiding americans?”-nancy talanian, director, bill of rights defense committee, northampton, ma “women across the country are battling low-wage or lower-paying jobs while often being the sole provider of the family.  what is your position on wages and the right to organize, particularly as it affects women?”-sushma sheth, miami workers center, miami, fl“do you truly believe that the earth was formed 6000 years ago with all flora and fauna in place? what do you make of all the scientific studies on the age of the earth?”-bea kreloff, art workshop international, new york, ny“what is the job of the vice-president? what are five qualities of a good leader and how do you exemplify them? where have you traveled? why should i vote for you?”-mary mcgloin, 35, actor and grad student, washington dc“you campaigned for governor of alaska on a ticket of open and transparent government. yet, you are now refusing to cooperate with a bi-partisan investigation into your own abuse of power and instead allowing senator mccain's campaign such interference that the legislature has asked the alaska state troopers to look into witness tampering. how can the american people trust you?”“you publicly acknowledge that alaska, as the only arctic state, is suffering from the effects of global warming. you also like to champion yourself as having taken on the oil industry. yet, you recently challenged a bush administration attempt to list polar bears as a threatened species, citing studies by scientists known to question the human contribution to climate change and stating the designation would "deter activities such as...oil and gas exploration and development". explain these contradictory positions.”“you've stated that you don't support a women's right to have an abortion, even if she is a minor who's been raped by her father. would you, as vice-president, seek to uphold the law, which protects a women's right to choose or would you seek to overturn roe v wade?”-karen button, writer and activist, spenard, ak“what are your plans to strengthen services to help women and children recover from abuse?”-cathi martarella, invest in kids education coordinator, every child matters, st. louis, mo“why won’t you give other women the same choice you made when you decided to have your latest child?”-lisa soldavinia, yes! on prop 2, petaluma, ca“you don’t support reproductive rights or raising the minimum wage, so why are you capitalizing on running as a female candidate? your policies run counter to the interests of women. please explain. -loretta ross, founding member and national coordinator of sister song: women of color reproductive health collective, a network of grassroots agencies representing women of color -- loretta was one of the first african american women to direct the first rape crisis center in the united states in the 1970s“governor palin, i’m very concerned about our country and the impact we are having on the rest of the world. what foreign policy issue is at the top of your list? not senator mccain’s list. your list.”-tina, concerned citizen “do you support the community choice act and the right of people with disabilities to live free from fear of living incarcerated and in institutions? senator mccain opposes it. how do you feel? also, please share your plan for affordable and accessible housing.”-marsha katz, community organizer, adapt, a grassroots group fighting for people with disabilities, missoula, montana “what would you do to support women who are struggling to support their families?” -susannah morgan, executive director, food bank of alaska, anchorage, ak -- the food bank serves 83,174 people annually -- demand is growing“what’s our responsibility to the promises we made to afghan women, many of whom have seen no improvement? the situation is actually getting much worse. it was safer to be in afghanistan in 2002 than it was in 2007. also, there’s never any mention of the lives lost in iraq and afghanistan due to the u.s. invasions. what role should the u.s. play in ensuring the safety and security of the civilians living in the countries we enter?”-anne brodsky, associate professor of psychology, the university of maryland, author of with all our strength, baltimore, md“what is your position on the bailout plan? what do you think of reagan’s deregulation position? are you in favor of deregulation? also, what do you think about the crisis that’s happening across this country? the unemployment rate is 11 percent in the african-american community. if you look at black men between the ages of 18-35, it’s at 35 percent. people are hurting.” -jeanette foreman, media justice activist, prometheus project, atlanta, georgia“john mccain has said he would like to close guantanamo. what should happen to the approximately 250 detainees who are being held there?” -stacy sullivan, counterterrorism advisor, human rights watch, new york, ny -- she recently returned from guantanamo“as a woman and a mother who has a disabled child, what do you think about the impact the war and the sanctions have had on the iraqi people? over 500,000 iraqi kids were killed during 12 years of sanctions. tens of thousands of children have been killed in afghanistan and iraq. what is your response to this violence? also, you say you prefer adoption to abortion. what do you think of the united states’ adoption policies? what should change? -malihe razazan, host, voices of the middle east on kpfa 94.1 fm, oakland, ca“you told katie couric that you consider yourself a feminist. what does feminism mean to you? you also said you have a gay friend who ‘chose’ to be gay. do you really think that being gay is a choice? do you think gay americans should be treated with the same equality as everyone else? why do you think the vicinity of alaska and russia being close gives you foreign policy experience?”-candace nichols, executive director, the gay & lesbian community center of southern nevada, las vegas, nevadafeel free to share this list with your colleagues. as painful as they've been to watch, we’re hoping the mccain campaign 'allows' sarah palin to do a few more interviews before the election. good luck tonight. we’ll be watching.sincerely,rose aguilar



posted by storiesinamerica @ 7:47 am  
      
         32 comments






monday, september 08, 2008



	 this week on your call radio
    


here's what's coming up this week. your call, a live call-in radio show, airs from 11 am - noon pst on kalw 91.7 fm in san francisco and kusp 88.9 fm in santa cruz.you can call in at: 415.841.4134 or 866.798.8255you can also listen live or podcast the show.*monday - a conversation with pollster john zogby. do you pay attention to polls? do you trust them? do they matter?*tuesday - a conversation about our voting system and electronic voting machines. do you believe your vote will be counted in november?guests: dorothy fadiman, producer & director of the new documentary stealing america: vote by voterichard hayes phillips, author of witness to a crime: a citizens' audit of an american election - if you live in the bay area, be sure to check out his events this week.*wednesday - we're giving a voice to the polar bears. scientists predict that two-thirds of the world's polar bears will disappear by the middle of the century. the national snow and ice data center reports that sea ice could reach all-time record lows in the last weeks of the arctic summer making it incredibly difficult for polar bears to survive. *thursday - a conversation about a new documentary about women and body image called america the beautiful. why is america so obsessed with beauty?*friday - how did the media cover the week's news?



posted by storiesinamerica @ 12:06 am  
      
         26 comments






wednesday, august 27, 2008



	 what is your water footprint?
    


we need to spend more time thinking about this! it takes 2,400 liters of water to make one hamburger! watch this reuters video:the concept of 'virtual water' reveals the shocking amounts contained in the products we consume.the concept can build awareness in consumers of their ''hidden'' water usage, or that contained in the whole production chain of goods and services.the scientist behind the innovation, professor tony allan, has personally reduced his virtual water usage by becoming a vegetarian!



posted by storiesinamerica @ 9:06 pm  
      
         19 comments






wednesday, june 25, 2008



	 op-ed pages dominated by men
    


surprise?the authors of the study are bob sommer, who teaches public policy communications and is president of observer media, publisher of the new york observer, and john r. maycroft, a graduate student in public policy. they combed through 366 opinion articles written by college teachers or researchers and published by three newspapers: the new york times, the wall street journal and the star-ledger, the largest-circulation newspaper in new jersey. their study will be published in the journal politics and policy.at each newspaper, 90 to 95 percent of the published articles agreed with the editorial page stance on the issue at hand, they wrote, and when the opinion pieces disagreed, “it was usually in a point/counterpoint format where at least one of the authors by definition had to take a view in opposition.”the study says that men wrote 78 percent of the academics’ opinion pieces in the star-ledger, 82 percent in the times, and 97 percent in the journal. “of all our analyses,” the authors wrote, “this is perhaps the most astonishing.”



posted by storiesinamerica @ 2:06 pm  
      
         15 comments






tuesday, june 24, 2008



	 this week on your call radio
    


here's what's coming up on your call this week.a live call-in radio show, your call airs from 11 am - noon pst on kalw 91.7 fm in san francisco.you can listen live or podcast the show. *monday - what do the decisions of the supreme court's term tell us about the direction of the court? what are the most significant rulings? what impact have bush's appointees had on this term? what's at stake if the next president nominates new justices? guests: michael waldman, director of the brennan center for justice professor neil kinkopf of the college of law at georgia state*tuesday - how can theatre heal and empower children living in conflict zones?guests: juliano mer khamis, director of the freedom theatre in jenin, and director of the documentary, arna's children jujuana williams of the destiny arts center in oakland*wednesday - can the airlines be fixed? is it time for an airlines passengers' bill of rights? deeper de-regulation? is the era of cheap travel over? given the carbon footprint of a 727, is that a bad thing?*thursday - what will it take for san francisco's african-american community to progress socially and economically? can the sharp decline of the african-american population in sf be stemmed?*friday - media roundtable: how did the media cover the week's news?



posted by storiesinamerica @ 7:05 pm  
      
         11 comments






wednesday, june 18, 2008



	 iraqi refugees living in the bay area
    


friday, june 20th, is world refugee day. the un high commissioner for refugees estimates the number of refugees and internally displaced people swelled to 67 million last year.  a record 11.4 million people were driven from their home countries last year alone, and another 26 million were displaced within their own countries.afghanistan and iraq are the two leading countries of origin for cross-border refugees. afghans made up 27 percent of the total refugee population, with almost 3.1 million living in iran and pakistan. iraqis were the second largest group, with 2.3 million living outside the country. of those, 2 million live in jordan and syria.according to amnesty international, the international community is evading its responsibility towards refugees from iraq by promoting a false picture of the security situation in iraq when the country is neither safe nor suitable for return.in its new report, rhetoric and reality: the iraqi refugee crisis, which is based on recent research and interviews with iraqi refugees, the organization said that the world’s richest states are failing to provide the necessary assistance to iraqi refugees, most of whom are plunged in despair and hurtling towards destitution.we're marking world refugee day by speaking to two iraqis who recently arrived in the bay area. the show airs from 11 am - noon pst.here's an article written by ali, a recent iraqi arrival:i woke up one sunday morning because my cell phone was ringing. the voice on the line had a jordanian accent, and told me my period of waiting had ended. it was an employee from the international organization for migration (iom) telling me my flight to the u.s. was scheduled in ten days. i was so sleepy when i answered the call, but was now wide awake. my feelings of happiness were so great that it woke my roommates. even though i hadn’t made a sound, they must have felt a sort of wordless spiritual connection. although my roommates asked if something was wrong, i told them nothing. i didn’t tell anyone about the call - not even my family - for at least a few days.in spite of my happiness, i began to think about my last ten days in iraq. i don’t know why. maybe because i found myself waiting yet again - just as i was still waiting for a safe morning to dawn in my country. my family sacrificed everything.  we sold our house and furniture, spending all our money searching for a new home where we could be safe. we would often settle into a neighborhood, renting a house for only a few months before things became so dangerous that we were forced to move again. these last days in iraq were the worst of my life.  we had no furniture and owned only the clothes on our backs. during the night, militias attacked our neighborhood, killing and stealing (we were constantly afraid that the militias would attack our neighborhood). every family would designate one man to keep watch at night in case of attacks. during those days, i stayed awake through the night and slept only a few hours during the day. i was protecting my family.  each night i kept sentry between the gate, door and window. our door had 5 locks, which i checked every hour. the last house my family lived in before i left was also dangerous. however, it had the advantage of being in the middle of the neighborhood, rather than the end. this position gave us time to prepare or escape if militia or terrorists attacked. despite any precautions, i was not reassured. we never felt safe. i found myself waiting for my flight to the u.s. in the same way i waited for the safety each new morning would bring, ending the darkness of night. i would fly to the u.s., to my new future, and rebuild what was destroyed in my life. i would reclaim my days and nights, sleeping and waking with the setting and rising of the sun. i would put my feet on solid ground after years in quicksand. i would have a car, a wife, and a house with a backyard and bbq. i would go out at night and walk the streets without fear of killing, kidnapping, bombs, or the restrain of curfew. it is a great responsibility to write about the situation in iraq, about what has happened and is still happening. because the situation is so complicated, i am afraid my words will not be enough to explain things. i’m afraid i’m not capable enough to speak about what’s going on, but i know that every iraqi wants to talk about our misery and our sadness. i saw this in jordan when i was working with journalists. i witnessed iraqi refugees overcome by emotion.  they wanted to speak, yet many of them just cried into the microphone.  they had so much to say, so many feelings and emotions that they struggled to express in words, just as i struggle to write this story. iraqis want me to tell their story, so it is a story i must write. i owe them that much.  they will envy me because each of them wants to tell the world what has happened. in iraq, you can’t trust anyone: neighbors, cousins, or people in the street. when you walk next to a car, you pray that it doesn’t contain a bomb. neighbors and friends once gathered at night in iraq to talk, eat, and play games. you can’t do that anymore because of the curfew. you have to cut ties with cousins because they are from a different denomination of islam (shi’a or sunni). we are simply waiting to die. since the war began with iran in 1980, we iraqis spend our lives waiting to die. but things have changed for me. now i am in the u.s. 



posted by storiesinamerica @ 10:34 pm  
      
         14 comments






wednesday, may 14, 2008



	 winter soldier on capitol hill tomorrow (thursday)
    


from iraq vets against the war:congress has heard from politicians, pundits, and generals, but not, up to this point, from the average boots-on-the-ground soldier.on may 15th, iraq veterans against the war (ivaw) and the congressional progressive caucus (cpc) begin the process of righting this imbalance with winter soldier on the hill. nine members of ivaw will testify before the cpc about rules of engagement, the killing and abuse of civilians, the use of drop weapons, and the true consequences of the "surge."winter soldier on the hill will allow the us congress to be more fully informed about the situation in iraq through soldiers’ eyewitness accounts of the on-going military occupation, while they debate (more than likely for the last time during the bush-cheney administration) the funding for u.s. military operations in iraq.listen livepacifica radio station kpfa will be broadcasting winter soldier on the hill live from 9am – 1pm eastern time on may 15th. you can listen to the testimony on 94.1 fm if you live in the berkley, ca area, or listen on their website at www.kpfa.org.more detailswho: iraq veterans against the war & the congressional progressive caucuswhat: winter soldier on the hill – an open forumwhen: 15 may 2008 9:30 am – 12:30 pmwhere: 2261 rayburn house office building



posted by storiesinamerica @ 10:50 am  
      
         131 comments

















cost of the war in iraq
(javascript error)
click here for details.





previous posts

governor palin, women want to know...
this week on your call radio
what is your water footprint?
op-ed pages dominated by men
this week on your call radio
iraqi refugees living in the bay area
winter soldier on capitol hill tomorrow (thursday)
veganism -- the new front in the battle to cut car...
this week on your call radio
200-pound us bomb kills 2-year-old iraqi boy

archives

april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008




news & info
after downing street.org
aljazeera
alternet
altweeklies
american prospect
antiwar.com
bbc
buzzflash
commondreams
cursor
house votes
opensecrets.org
romenesko
salon
senate votes
smirking chimp
think progress
truthout
va watchdog
women's enews
links
pacific life coach



about me

name:  storiesinamerica 

i'm currently writing a book about my recent six-month road trip to the so-called "red states." i also report for kalw 91.7 fm in san francisco, alternet and bay area businesswoman.
view my complete profile








 





