



the mastercook cupboard




















 










 

installation guide general faqs mastercook 2/3 faqs mastercook 4 faqs search site mastercook 5+ faqs links/communities

welcome fellow mastercook user!
the mastercook cupboard is your resource for program tips, frequently asked questions (faqs), how-to's,
and links to  mastercook resources and places to discuss food and  mastercook on the web.
check out these tutorials to get started: mastercook
tips & tutorials
 

mastercook 11 is the most current version. it was released in 2010.


what is mastercook?
 mastercook is recipe management software. it is currently owned and
being developed by valusoft cosmi and can 
be purchased at mastercook.com. for a
history of releases go here: mastercook
products

you can enter your own recipes, up to 12,000 recipes per cookbook, in an
unlimited number of cookbooks.
it can perform a nutritional analysis of recipes you enter yourself, as well as
the recipes that come with the program.
you can import scanned or internet recipes into the program; editing is
required.
you can add recipes or food items to a meal plan for a week or other period of
time.
mastercook can print out a shopping list for recipes, menus, or meal plans.
you can code the recipes with categories (unlimited categories per cookbook),
cuisines, etc., and sort the recipes in a cookbook by various criteria (title,
category, source, author, etc.)
fast search features can locate recipes by keyword, or recipes that include or
exclude a specific ingredient or an ingredient family - like "beef".


for more detailed information, check out the *. pdf copy (electronic copy of the
printed manual) on valusoft's web site: click
here (either left-click on the link to view
it in your web browser or right-click on the link to save target as to save it
to your computer to view later.) it is a *.pdf file and requires adobe's free
acrobat reader
program.

 
this page was last updated on 
      01/08/13.



