




truist bank | checking, savings, lending, and financial services






























































  
















skip to main content








truist homepage





      open account
	   





                      featured accounts
                   



                      banking accounts
                   



                      savings accounts
                   



                      credit cards
                   



                      loans
                   



                      mortgages
                   



                      small business
                   



                      investments
                   



                      wealth
                   





      sign in
      to truist online banking and other accounts.































personal







small business




wealth




commercial, corporate & institutional







search




locations




contact





español





more


about truist
care
disaster relief
fraud and security
payment relief
careers
privacy
legal













truist homepage










checking & savings





checking



         truist one checking
      



         truist confidence account
      



         visa® debit cards
      



         visa® gift card
      




savings



         view all savings options
      



         truist one savings
      



         truist one money market account
      



         truist cds
      



         truist confidence savings
      




banking services



         premier banking
      



         online & mobile banking
      



         zelle®
      



         paze℠
      



         setting up your truist checking account
      




additional services



         health savings account (hsa)
      





















                    like carrying a branch—but lighter.
                





make deposits, move money, and do so much more with digital banking.









see what you can do.
                
                
            

















credit cards





our products



         credit cards
      



         truist enjoy cash
      



         truist enjoy travel
      



         truist future card
      



         truist enjoy beyond
      



         truist enjoy cash (secured)
      




offers



         check for offers
      






















                    got a minute? check for offers.
                





see if you're pre-qualified for a truist credit card.









check now—without impacting your credit.
                
                
            

















loans





personal loans



         unsecured personal loan
      




vehicle loans



         auto loan
      



         boat & rv loans overview
      



         rv loan
      



         boat loan
      



         marine loan
      




lines of credit



         home equity line of credit
      



         truist ready now credit line
      



         secured line of credit
      




resources



         all loans
      



         how (and when) to consolidate debt
      



         heloc calculator
      






















                    a debt consolidation loan puts you in control.
                





trade higher-interest debt for one payment at a lower rate.









explore loans 
                 from truist.




















mortgage





for homebuyers



         personal mortgage
      



         current mortgage rates
      



         buy a home
      



         refinance
      



         homebuyer's guide
      




mortgage loans we offer



         home equity line of credit
      



         doctor loan
      



         fha loan
      



         va loan
      



         construction to permanent loan
      



         affordable lending options
      




manage your mortgage



         getting started
      



         manage and pay
      



         escrow, taxes, and insurance
      



         mortgage statements
      



         mortgage assistance
      




for business partners



         builders
      



         real estate professionals
      



         correspondent lending
      



         warehouse lending
      






















                    make your move.
                





save big on a new mortgage or refinance.









see today's interest rates.
                
                
            

















investing & retirement





investing



         investing services
      



         truist invest
      



         truist trade
      




retirement



         retirement planning
      



         retirement accounts
      




premier banking



         financial planning
      






















                    investing—thoughtfully.
                





learn from our advisors.









dig deeper.
                 check out truist investing retirement.


















insurance



money and mindset








         life's moments overview
      



         taking charge of your money
      



         borrowing for a big purchase
      



         getting married or partnered
      



         paying for school
      



         starting a family
      



         buying a home
      







         money principles overview
      



         the mind-money connection
      



         stress-free saving
      



         budgeting by values
      



         outsmarting debt
      



         protecting what matters
      



         investing in your values
      







         homeowning happiness
      



         living and working my passion
      



         paying it forward
      



         overcoming overdrafts
      






















                    podcast: money and mindset with bright and brian
                














listen in
                
                
            



























      open account
	   





                      featured accounts
                   



                      banking accounts
                   



                      savings accounts
                   



                      credit cards
                   



                      loans
                   



                      mortgages
                   



                      small business
                   



                      investments
                   



                      wealth
                   


































































personal & commercial banking, credit cards, loans & investments




























truist one checking
no overdraft fees. practical perks. automatic upgrades.



                      learn more
                      about truist one checking account.


                      open now
                       a truist one checking account.











loading














                user id 
              





 enter user id







save user id



                forgot user id?
                
                  click here to reset your user id.






password





 enter password








                      reset password
                      
                        click here to reset
                      








sign in












 need a user id? set up online banking

 online security measures








                sign in to another account
                










































what can we help you with?










loading















previous slide to navigate through 7 clickable items







                                                    checking
                                                






                                                    savings
                                                






                                                    credit card
                                                






                                                    small business
                                                






                                                    loans
                                                






                                                    mortgage
                                                






                                                    investing
                                                






                                                    insurance
                                                












next slide to navigate through 7 clickable items










view all products


















































                        enjoy cash rewards
                    





                    fill up. stock up. charge up. all with cash back.
                





turn grocery runs and fuel stops into extra rewards with the truist enjoy cash credit card. see rates, fees and rewards

learn more about truist enjoy cash credit card.















3-2-1% cash back
                apply for 3-2-1% cash back truist enjoy cash rewards credit card.






1.5% cash back
                apply for 1.5% cash back truist enjoy cash rewards credit card.
































                        truist one savings
                    





                    give yourself a fresh start.
                





turn your tax refund or annual bonus into something lasting with the truist one savings account.















open now
                to get started with a truist one savings account.






learn more
                about a truist one savings account.





























































                        truist one checking
                    





                    leave overdraft fees in the cold.
                





discover a checking account that has great perks, automatic upgrades and no overdraft fees.















open now
                to get started with a truist one checking account.






learn more
                about a truist one checking account.





























































loading






















                        credit card offers
                    





                    a great credit card may be waiting for you.
                





cash back, travel rewards, or our lowest apr. you could find the credit card that fits just right in minutes.









check for offers 
                to find the right credit card for you.






































                        fraud and security
                    





                    make security a priority. 
                





get tips on protecting your accounts.









learn more
                about how to help protect your accounts.
































                        zelle
                    





                    give and go with zelle®.
                





use zelle® to send money to the people you celebrate right from your phone.disclosure 1 















sign in to use zelle®
                
                
            





learn more about zelle.
































































                        money market account
                    





                    let’s put your money to work. 
                





tax refund? annual bonus? saving money is simpler than you think. get the truist one money market account.















open now
                to get started with a truist one money market account.






learn more about a truist one money market account.






































                        home mortgage
                    





                    refinancing now might save you money.
                





falling ratesdisclosure 2 have opened the door to potentially lowering your mortgage.









explore your options
                to refinance your mortgage.











































crystal clear—created with care.




meet the truist app.























get super-fast access to your accounts and bright insights into your spending with our mobile app.


































scan this code with your phone’s camera to download truist mobile.

















































































let’s focus on your priorities.














life can get loud. with our knowledge and care, you can tune out the noise and stay focused on your goals.




see how we can help
                 with your goals.





















 



        component id : "accordiongridlayout-1946833208"
        model : "disclaimer"
        position : "left"









transcript















visual description: truist logo
visual description: a son practices his golf swing in his parent’s backyard. as he swings, his dad in the background turns on a leaf blower.
sound effects: the leaf blower’s engine revs.
visual description: distracted by the sound, the son messes up his swing and looks at his dad who gives him an innocent and apologetic look.
music: upbeat music starts.
visual description: the son prepares to practice his swing again. right at the top of his swing, we see nearby wind chimes sprayed with a hose by his dad.
sound effects: water sprays against windchimes.
visual description: again, the son is distracted by the noise and drops his club. seeing the frustration on his son’s face, the father approaches him to offer some caring advice.
dad: ok, son. focus on what you can control. everything else is just noise.
visual description: after listening to his dad, the son focuses and takes one more practice swing. at the top of his swing, we cut to the same son swinging in the exact same way. but now, he’s a professional golfer in a golf tournament. nearby, a woodpecker creates a distracting pecking noise while the son swings. in the crowd his dad looks on with anticipation.
voice over: when you work with someone who knows a lot and cares even more…
sound effects: a woodpecker pecks a tree.
voice over: … you’re unstoppable.
visual description: unphased by the distraction thanks to his dad’s wisdom and advice, the son hits a perfect shot.
music: the music builds climatically.
visual description: we follow the golf ball as it travels into the sky towards a green surrounded by fans. the ball bounces off the flag stick and stops just inches from the hole.
music: you’re a shining star…
voice over: at truist, we believe the same is true for banking.
sound effects: golf ball hits ground and flag stick.
visual description: as the crowd cheers, the son smiles at his father acknowledging his unwavering support. the dad smiles back.
music: … no matter who you are.
visual description: we see a truist teammate and client sitting together in a truist lobby. the client sets down a piece of paper.
client: i’ve got a lot going on right now.
music: shining bright to see…
visual description: the teammate nods and provides a helpful suggestion to the client.
teammate: let’s focus… what are your top priorities?
visual description: truist logo
music: …what you can truly be.
on screen text: leaders in banking. unwavering in care.
on screen text: truist bank, member fdic. ©2025 truist financial corporation. leading based on truist ranking as a top 10 u.s. commercial bank as of 9/30/24.






































































































money and mindset




reach your goals. feel good doing it.














it’s time to upgrade your money mindset. learn new skills, change your point of view, and take control of your finances.




view money and mindset
                 to learn more.














































                    your guide to becoming a super saver
                





when it comes to saving, it’s ok to put yourself first. because when you build money habits that align to your unique goals, it makes for a smoother and more rewarding journey. 















7 tips for starting a side hustle




can you turn your skills into new income? these tips can help you start your side hustle journey.




















 go for it
                 and start your side hustle.






































































































































see the power of care.




football players are known for their strength and power. but what about the strength and power of care? see what happens when kirk cousins, jaylen waddle, and deandre hopkins channel their energy into their communities. 










watch beyond the field
                
                
            












































































eligibility requirements apply for the negative balance buffer












































        component id : "accordiongridlayout-2007570826"
        model : "disclaimer"
        position : "left"









disclosures























† terms and conditions for the $400 truist one checking online only offer 1: dc2425tr1400
offer information: open a new truist one checking account online from 10/31/24 through 4/30/25 and receive at least 2 qualifying direct deposits* totaling $1,000 or more within 120 days of account opening and earn $400.
account must be opened online. enrollment in the promotion is required at the time of account opening using promo code dc2425tr1400. please refer to the account opening and enrollment section below for full instructions.
*a qualifying direct deposit is an electronic credit (greater than $0.00) of your salary, pension, social security or other regular monthly income deposited into your new checking account by your employer or outside agency. transfers made from one account to another, or deposits made via a branch, atm, online transfer, mobile device, debit/prepaid card number or the mail are not eligible direct deposits.
offer eligibility: clients that are the primary account holder on an existing personal checking account with truist or who have closed a personal checking account with truist on or after 10/31/23 are not eligible to participate. offer valid for truist one checking accounts only. primary account holder must be 18 or older at the time of account opening. truist employees, directors, officers, and local boards/advisors are not eligible. offer available only to us residents with a valid us taxpayer identification number. the qualifying checking account must be opened online and have a mailing address in: al, ar, fl, ga, in, ky, md, ms, nc, nj, oh, pa, sc, tn, tx, va, wv or dc.
reward processing: the reward will be deposited to the new checking account within 4 weeks after the qualification requirements have been met and verified. the new checking account must be open and in good standing with a balance of at least $0.01 at the time of truist verification and until the reward is deposited to receive the reward. truist verification will occur one time after the qualification requirements are initially met. promotion is only applicable once per checking account and per client. truist may report the value of any offer reward received to the irs as required by law. any applicable taxes are the responsibility of the recipient.
reward forfeiture: reward forfeiture will occur if: (1) the checking account is changed to an account type not included in this client offer, (2) the checking account is closed prior to the reward being deposited, or (3) the new checking account has a $0.00 or negative available balance at the time truist verifies the qualification requirements have been met.
other terms: minimum opening deposit is $50. the offer is non-transferable, may not be combined with any other checking offers, is subject to change, and may be discontinued at any time. truist reserves the right in our sole discretion to prohibit a reward payout to non-eligible individuals for any offers claimed through third-party websites with no affiliation or prior authorization from truist. all promotional payouts will be processed no later than 1/31/26 at which point this promotion (and any related disbursements) will be considered final, and no further disbursements will be made.
account opening & enrollment instructions: to open and enroll your new account in the promotion, visit the offer website and click on “open an account online.” enter dc2425tr1400 into the promo code field provided, review the offer terms and conditions, and then select “accept offer”. accounts opened without the promo code applied will not be eligible to participate in the offer. once enrolled in the promotion, clients may receive promotional updates via the email address provided or by calling 800.709.8700.
version 3 10092024 dc2425tr1400







disclosure 1 for your protection, zelle® should only be used to send money to friends, family, and other people or businesses you trust. payments made with zelle® are like sending cash and may not be able to be recovered. enrollment with zelle® through truist online or mobile banking is required. a u.s. checking or savings account is required to use zelle®. transactions typically occur in minutes when the recipient’s email address or u.s. mobile number is already enrolled with zelle®. to send and receive money with a small business, both parties must be enrolled in zelle® directly through their financial institution's online or mobile banking experience. for more information, view the truist online and mobile banking service agreement or for small business clients, view the truist online and mobile banking for business service agreement, opens in new tab there is no fee to send money with zelle® through your enrolled truist business bank account. however, zelle® payments to your business account will be charged a 1.0% fee (maximum fee of $15 per transaction). see truist's business deposit accounts fee schedule, opens in new tab, for additional information. availability may be affected by your mobile carrier's coverage area. your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply.
disclosure 2 boston, c. (sept. 26, 2024) 30-year mortgage rate hits 2-year low. https://finance.yahoo.com/news/30-year-mortgage-rate-hits-2-year-low-161147933.html



















disclosures
truist bank, member fdic. © 2025 truist financial corporation. truist, the truist logo and truist purple are service marks of truist financial corporation.
equal housing lender
investment and insurance products:

are not fdic or any other government agency insured
are not bank guaranteed
may lose value

truist is a service mark of truist financial corporation (truist) and its affiliates.
services provided by truist financial corporation (truist) affiliates: banking products and services, including loans and deposit accounts, provided by truist bank, member fdic. trust and investment management services provided by truist bank. securities, brokerage accounts and /or annuities offered by truist investment services, inc., an sec registered broker-dealer, and member finra and sipc, and a licensed insurance agency. investment advisory services offered by truist advisory services, inc. and gfo advisory services, llc, sec registered investment advisers. some insurance products offered by truist investment services, inc. other insurance products offered by mcgriff insurance services, llc (mcgriff), kensington vanguard national land services, llc (kensington vanguard) and crump life insurance services, llc (crump). truist life insurance services (tlis) is a division of crump, arkansas license #100103477. variable insurance material is for broker-dealer or registered representative use only. variable products distributed by p.j. robb variable (pjrv), llc, arkansas license #100110185. member finra.
mcgriff, kensington vanguard, crump, tlis, and pjrv are not affiliated with truist financial corporation or any of its subsidiaries.
truist securities is a trademark of truist financial corporation. truist securities is a trade name for the corporate and investment banking services of truist and its subsidiaries. all rights reserved. securities and strategic advisory services are provided by truist securities, inc., member finra and sipc. lending, financial risk management, and treasury management and payment services are offered by truist bank.
mortgage products and services are offered through truist bank. all truist mortgage professionals are registered on the nationwide mortgage licensing system & registry (nmls), which promotes uniformity and transparency throughout the residential real estate industry. search the nmls registry.
comments regarding tax implications are informational only. truist and its representatives do not provide tax or legal advice. you should consult your individual tax or legal professional before taking any action that may have tax or legal consequences.
"truist advisors" may be officers and/or associated persons of the following affiliates of truist, truist investment services, inc., and/or truist advisory services, inc. truist wealth, international wealth, center for family legacy, business owner specialty group, sports and entertainment group, and legal and medical specialty groups are trade names used by truist bank, truist investment services, inc., and truist advisory services, inc.




limited english proficiency support: applications, agreements, disclosures, and other servicing communications provided by truist bank and its subsidiary businesses will be provided in english. as a result, it will be necessary for customers to speak, read and understand english or to have an appropriate translator assisting them. truist offers the following resources for consumers that have limited english proficiency: 


multilingual teammates available at our multicultural banking centers
materials for some products and services are available in spanish, korean, vietnamese, mandarin, and other languages spoken in the communities we serve.
phone assistance in spanish at 844-4truist (844-487-8478), option 9. for assistance in other languages please speak to a representative directly. 


new york city residents: translation or other language access services may be available. when calling our office regarding collection activity, if you speak a language other than english and need verbal translation services, be sure to inform the representative. a description and translation of commonly-used debt collection terms is available in multiple languages at http://www.nyc.gov/dca.


limited english proficiency support
new york city residents

borrowers with limited english proficiency (lep) needing information can use the following resources:

the consumer financial protection bureau (cfpb) offers help in more than 180 languages, call 855-411-2372 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. et, monday through friday for assistance by phone.
cfpb additional resources for homeowners seeking payment assistance in 7 additional languages: spanish, traditional chinese, vietnamese, korean, tagalog, and arabic.
www.consumerfinance.gov/coronavirus/mortgage-and-housing-assistance/help-for-homeowners/




























































site footer















			 
    
    	privacy
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	limit the use of my sensitive personal information
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	fraud & security
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	terms and conditions
    
	   
		






footer navigation




										 
    
    	banking products
    

						  			











			 
    
    	checking
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	commercial
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	credit cards personal




			 
    
    	loans personal




			 
    
    	mortgage
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	online & mobile
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	open an account
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	savings personal




			 
    
    	small business
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	wealth
    
	   
		







										 
    
    	about truist
    

						  			











			 
    
    	about us
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	care
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	community
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	purpose
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	truist foundation
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	truist leadership institute
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	truist securities
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	truist ventures
    
	   
		







										 
    
    	resources
    

						  			











			 
    
    	careers
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	community reinvestment act
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	corporate responsibility & sustainability
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	belonging
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	facts about banking
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	fdic insurance
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	investor relations
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	money and mindset
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	newsroom
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	supplier development
    
	   
		







										 
    
    	support
    

						  			











			 
    
    	accessibility 




			 
    
    	client emergency resources
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	consumer payment relief hub
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	find a banker or advisor
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	find a branch or atm
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	help center
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	schedule a branch appointment
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	844-4truist (844-487-8478)
    
	   
		



			 
    
    	adchoices
    
	   
		













































	     © 2025, 
	      
    
    	truist. all rights reserved.

    

	
































  


