












moseley flint: virginia real estate school since 1974






















































































































contact
home
login
view cart
 





get a license

classroom
webinar
online self-paced
correspondence
reciprocity


continuing education

self study


post license

self study


pre-license broker

self study


exam prep

self study


career seminar
 








success through learning
 

moseley flint is the oldest, most experienced and respected real estate education provider in virginia. our first-time student pass rate consistently beats the state average of all other schools combined.








follow our proven path to success in 3 easy steps:







 

choose the prelicensing course option that best meets your needs


classroom




online self-paced




correspondence


enter code save20 at checkout to save 20%!






 

access our exam prep tools, free with your tuition


“a house’s story” – exam prep video




testprep online exam simulator




“learning through questions” – math & test tips video





online flashcards



$328 value
all free!






 

pass your prelicensing course exam, and then go on to take and pass the virginia real estate exam!
as a bonus, you’ve already begun building your network with local brokers and you are ready for success!










see details










instructor was thorough and engaging“the instructor was very patient, yet engaging, and thoroughly answered our questions. he made it clear he wanted us to succeed.”~daniel n, richmond, vaclass was excellent!“everything about the class i took was excellent. our instructor was very knowledgeable about real estate and her experience made the material much easier to learn.”jennifer b, glen allen, vaawesome instruction!i am grateful for the awesome instruction! i could not have passed the state exams without the expert teaching capabilities, firsthand real estate knowledge and experience of my instructor. if anyone tells me they want to become a salesperson, i will be steering them to moseley flint classes!~lee g., mechanicsville, vai passed!i passed my state exams on the first try! there was nothing i felt unprepared for and finished both portions of the exam more quickly than anticipated. thank you to the staff at moseley flint!~brittany l., richmond, vacould not have asked for a better instructori enjoyed the class and my instructor’s teaching style very much. i could not have asked for a better instructor to get prepared for the psi exam and kickstart a new career chapter! moseley flint instructors are great at what they do and i appreciate the dedication to education in real estate. i was able to pass the psi exam on the first try!~luke s., powhatan, vathankful for so much expertisethankful for a stellar class at moseley flint – i passed my test on the first try! my instructor’s mnemonic devices and study guides helped the information “stick” and i’m so thankful for her expertise. i studied my tail off, did what she told me to, and success! i’m so excited to get started in my real estate career.~emily f., white stone, va









the moseley flint advantage
compare what moseley flint offers with any other school in virginia and you will quickly see why we are the best!
the moseley flint path to success includes more exam prep tools than any other real estate school, included free with the purchase of your prelicensing course. one package and one price provides everything you need to be successful!
see below for details on the study tools included with your tuition! $328 value, all free









 





“a house’s story” 
 
applied real-world learning presented in an on-demand video format you can review repeatedly at your leisure. a house’s story covers the most important topics on the state licensing exam by reviewing how a house gets sold from beginning to end. review how to apply real-world context to real estate theories and practices. ($90 value)













testprep online exam simulator
take unlimited practice exams or study over 1,300 practice questions. no limit to how often you can take a practice exam and the same exam is never generated twice. provides explanations for questions answered incorrectly and evaluates your knowledge in each exam category. ($99 value)





 









 





“learning through questions”
learning through questions on-demand video presents exam-type questions, allows you to stop the video and answer the question, then provides an instructor’s explanation of the answer and how to solve the problem. includes exam-taking tips plus an entire section on real estate math questions. ($90 value)













online real estate flashcards
500 of the most common real estate terms and phrases presented in an online flashcard format. test your knowledge and learn the terminology of real estate. ($49 value)





 









 





pass your exam money back guarantee
moseley flint’s success through learning program is the best real estate pre-license education in virginia! our first-class pre-licensing course and our free exam prep tools, combine to give our students their best path to success. we’re so sure of this that if you don’t pass your licensing exam on the first try, we’ll give you a full refund on the price of your course! (see details.)










 





get a license

classroom online self-paced correspondence 








 





continuing education

webinar self-study 


























real estate partners
contact us
policies
affidavit
bookstore
state requirements
compare schools
 





								© 2025 moseley flint: education for real estate professionals since 1974. all rights reserved.
							












































