





pa manufactured housing association | new cumberland pa




















































  






pa manufactured housing associationmanufactured housing authority 



 contact us   member login 
search this site



home buyer

find a homewe have the tools to help you find a homedefinitionsdefinition of a factory-built homeinstallationimportant aspects of manufactured home installationfaqsfactory-built homes frequently asked questions
industry resources

industry statisticslearn the factsgovernment affairsinformation on legislation, regulation and pac

 pmh pac events 
important contactsview a list of important industry contactsgeneral information

classifieds/industry postingscommittee descriptionsresource materials 

member resources

member's areaindustry information and member only resources

fact sheetslisting of available fact sheets 
directoryhere you will find industry professionals ready to help you.  our membership is comprised of companies handling many different aspects of the industry.educational eventsfind educational opportunitiesindustry happeningslearn about important industry news
about us

membershiplearn about the benefits of being a member and how to become a memberpmha calendartake a look at our upcoming events
manufacturer showcasephotos courtesy of colony factory crafted homesmanufacturer showcasephotos courtesy of colony factory crafted homesmanufacturer showcasephotos courtesy of colony factory crafted homesmanufacturer showcasephotos courtesy of colony factory crafted homes 
welcome to pmha


directory



 

faq's 
find questions and answers to the most commonly asked questions regarding factory-built homes. 




why buy factory-built?  
want to see what living in a manufactured home can be like? pmha has provided a video to showcase the industry and give insight into how these homes are built. 



find a home 
our member retailers are experienced in assisting consumers with finding the perfect factory-built home. 



 

membership

as a member of pmha, you will quickly see that our primary goal is to be your one-stop resource center.  we offer our members many networking / educational opportunities, advocacy through an active pac, numerous resources and services, marketing opportunities and unique member only savings.  
click here for more information


not a member?  learn how to join. 
become a member 







 limited edition bruce johnson print
"wheels not included"




industry happenings

doe publishes a final rule pertaining to standards for manufactured housing

langerholc: court decision to halt bridge tolling


administration looks to manufactured housing to help increase nation’s affordable housing supply


department of human services extends liheap







industry resources

mhi’s government relations staff has developed a new advocacy website to make contacting congress about issues facing the mh industry easy. read more... 




pmha offers many industry resources see what we have to offer - click here 
most current version of act 261 - act 261 governs manufactured housing communities and provides details of recent amendments and new requirements.
 continue reading... 






corporate partner  


advertisers


 
pennsylvania manufactured housing association serving and promoting the factory-built housing industry.


 po box 248
315 limekiln road
new cumberland, pa 17070
phone: (717) 774-3440
fax: (717) 774-5596


connect with us
mon-fri: 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
general@pmha.org


   
      
  
   

 




the education we have received through pmha has made us a better community manager.

 glenn l.



 2018-01-26t09:55:29-05:00    glenn l.
 the education we have received through pmha has made us a better community manager.	   https://pmha.org/testimonials/glenn-l 




this business has been around for three generations for a reason!!  they are great, honest, hardworking people.  some of the nicest people i have ever met!


chip s., customer of becker homes



 2018-01-26t09:55:50-05:00   chip s., customer of becker homes
 this business has been around for three generations for a reason!! they are great, honest, hardworking people. some of the nicest people i have ever met!	   https://pmha.org/testimonials/chip-s 




it is a nice safe community to live and the residents are very nice and friendly. a great place to live or retire to if you are looking to the convenience of mobile homes.


richard h., resident of lincoln estates



 2018-01-26t09:56:15-05:00   richard h., resident of lincoln estates
 it is a nice safe community to live and the residents are very nice and friendly. a great place to live or retire to if you are looking to the convenience of mobile homes.	   https://pmha.org/testimonials/richard-h 




as an mhc owner/operator in pennsylvania, i am so grateful for the pmha. the organization as a whole keeps me up to date with the industry and relevant legislations not just on a state level but on a national level, as well.


 jared s.



 2018-01-26t09:56:34-05:00    jared s.
 as an mhc owner/operator in pennsylvania, i am so grateful for the pmha. the organization as a whole keeps me up to date with the industry and relevant legislations not just on a state level but on a national level, as well.	   https://pmha.org/testimonials/jared-s 




manorwood homes of pa cannot be matched when it comes to quality and compassion.  having explored their "massively impressive" facilities, as well as having met with their tightly knit, very kind, clean cut and quick-witted office staff and management 


nicholas b., customer of manorwood homes



 2018-01-26t09:57:06-05:00   nicholas b., customer of manorwood homes
 manorwood homes of pa cannot be matched when it comes to quality and compassion. having explored their "massively impressive" facilities, as well as having met with their tightly knit, very kind, clean cut and quick-witted office staff and management	   https://pmha.org/testimonials/nicholas-b 




absolutely beautiful homes on the lot and they have an amazing staff.


elizabeth g., customer of palmer manufactured homes



 2018-01-26t09:57:26-05:00   elizabeth g., customer of palmer manufactured homes
 absolutely beautiful homes on the lot and they have an amazing staff.	   https://pmha.org/testimonials/elizabeth-g 




just moved in on august 3rd but i love it. to be in a place where kids feel safe enough to ride their bikes and play in the street is great.


kathleen s., hereford estates



 2018-01-26t09:57:46-05:00   kathleen s., hereford estates
 just moved in on august 3rd but i love it. to be in a place where kids feel safe enough to ride their bikes and play in the street is great.	   https://pmha.org/testimonials/kathleen-s 





this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
copyright © 2025 pmha | all rights reserved | this site designed and hosted by enter.net
[back to top]


















