  personal injury lawyers nj | drazin and warshaw, p.c.         about  community involvement firm news practice areas  personal injury  defective products  defective auto parts defective medical devices premises liability  trip, slip & fall ice & snow accidents inadequate security unsafe conditions stairway accidents shopping mall injuries amusement park accidents accidents at clubs, restaurants & concert venues dog bite injuries other injury types  brain injuries burn injuries herniated disks mesothelioma or asbestosis neck & back injuries paraplegia & quadriplegia spinal cord injuries motor vehicle accidents  car accidents  fatal car accidents highway accidents rear-end collision accidents what to do after an auto accident auto insurance coverage faq motorcycle accidents pedestrian / bicycle accidents uber & lyft accidents distracted driving accidents texting while driving accidents drunk driving accidents bus accidents boating accidents jet ski accidents railroad accidents injuries in an accident truck accidents  causes of truck accidents commercial vehicle accidents dump truck accidents hazardous waste & garbage truck accident improper truck maintenance landscaping truck accident rear-end truck accident truck accident due to company negligence truck accident faq toxic exposure claims  burn pit exposure construction accidents  electrical accidents forklift accidents heavy equipment accidents power tool accidents scaffolding falls medical malpractice  amputations anesthesia errors dangerous drugs doctor errors elder abuse/neglect  nursing home falls nursing home injuries bed sores/pressure ulcers nursing home medication errors emergency room and hospital errors failure to diagnose failure to diagnose cancer medication errors misdiagnosis of conditions nursing and hospital staff errors ob / gyn errors physician malpractice surgical errors birth injuries  cerebral palsy erb’s palsy hypoxia shoulder dystocia traumatic brain injury  what is a tbi paralysis wrongful death workplace accidents  accident lawsuits against contractors & subcontractors workers’ compensation  types of compensation permanent disability medical benefits loss wage benefits worker illnesses  mental distress repetitive stress injuries real estate  commercial residential 9/11 and covid-19 litigation  9/11 claims covid-19 nursing home & veteran home exposure attorneys  dennis a. drazin ronald s. drazin brian d. drazin thomas j. dichiara steven l. kessel christopher r. brown ralph e. polcari scott j. schneider tara l. vent justin l. drazin areas served  monmouth county  hazlet holmdel howell red bank middlesex county  east brunswick  east brunswick personal injury accidents edison  edison personal injury accidents new brunswick  new brunswick personal injury accidents old bridge  old bridge personal injury accidents perth amboy  perth amboy personal injury accidents piscataway  piscataway personal injury accidents woodbridge  woodbridge personal injury accidents ocean county  brick toms river atlantic county bergen county burlington county camden county cape may county cumberland county essex county  bloomfield  bloomfield uber/lyft accident lawyer livingston  livingston uber/lyft accident lawyer montclair  montclair uber/lyft accident lawyer newark  newark uber/lyft accident lawyer orange  orange uber/lyft accident lawyer west orange  west orange uber/lyft accident lawyer gloucester county hudson county hunterdon county mercer county morris county passaic county salem county somerset county sussex county union county  cranford  cranford personal injury accidents elizabeth  elizabeth personal injury accidents elizabeth uber/lyft accident lawyer linden  linden personal injury accidents linden uber/lyft accident lawyer plainfield  plainfield personal injury accidents plainfield uber/lyft accident lawyer rahway  rahway personal injury accidents roselle  roselle personal injury accidents scotch plains  scotch plains personal injury accidents summit  summit personal injury accidents summit uber/lyft accident lawyer union  union personal injury accidents union uber/lyft accident lawyer westfield  westfield personal injury accidents westfield uber/lyft accident lawyer warren county faq case results reviews blog office locations  red bank hazlet brick westfield contact  732-333-8141 call for a free consultation  732-333-8141   menu   about practice areas  personal injury motor vehicle accidents serious injuries toxic exposure claims construction accidents medical malpractice wrongful death premises liability defective products workplace accidents workers’ compensation 9/11 claims covid-19 nursing home & veteran home exposure attorneys  dennis a. drazin ronald s. drazin brian d. drazin thomas j. dichiara steven l. kessel christopher r. brown ralph e. polcari scott j. schneider tara l. vent justin l. drazin faq case results reviews blog areas served  monmouth county  hazlet, nj personal injury holmdel, nj personal injury howell, nj personal injury red bank, nj personal injury ocean county  brick, nj personal injury toms river, nj personal injury atlantic county bergen county burlington county camden county cape may county cumberland county essex county gloucester county hudson county hunterdon county mercer county middlesex county morris county passaic county salem county somerset county sussex county union county  cranford linden plainfield westfield warren county office locations  red bank hazlet brick westfield contact  click to call |
 732-333-8141  
 ×  offices in red bank, hazlet, brick, and westfield $500+ million recovered  for our clients  schedule a free consulation today   call us today    ❝brian drazin and his team were excellent! driven to find the best outcome for clients. i would highly recommend him for personal injury and litigation needs.❞ -
 noreen ❝brian & staff were right on target. set truthful expectations that were achieved flawlessly. great representation on your behalf. ❞ -
 jld kitchens & baths ❝ron drazin represented me in a case that turned out favorably  -  i found him to be very competent and professional. i highly recommend him.❞ -
 anthony d. ❝mr. drazin was very professional and honest in his communication. i really appreciate his help!❞ -
 suzette s. ❝worked with brian drazin, great guy and experience – joyful personality and top-notch lawyer. cares and looks out for his clients. ❞ -
 teddy m. ❝brian made the entire legal process very easy to understand from the beginning right through the completion of our case. ❞ -
 linda m.  follow   $30,000,000 / after nearly drowning in a swimming pool, our young client suffered tragic injuries due to lack of oxygen to the brain. $20,000,000 / the plaintiff was shot by a police officer and the bullet lodged in his spine paralyzing him from the waist down. $18,900,000 / the plaintiff suffered cerebral palsy when doctors delayed a cesarean section.  *reversed on appeal and settled for $1 million  view more results  results may vary depending on your particular facts and legal
 circumstances. new jersey personal injury attorneys experienced, knowledgeable accident attorneys fight for clients injured in accidents in monmouth county, ocean county, and throughout new jerseyif you or someone you love has been injured in any type of accident in new jersey, you need a law firm with a proven track record and the experience to aggressively fight to get you the maximum compensation for your personal injury lawsuit.you can rely on drazin & warshaw to work tirelessly for you and your family. you deserve justice and need the financial resources to make you whole from the harms and losses you have endured and sadly, in many cases, will continue to endure. meaningful compensation for financial as well as physical and emotional damages can provide essential services and/or cover medical expenses. in some cases, it can help you move on with your life or even give you closure. contact us for a free consultation about injuries sustained in any type of accident caused by someone else’s negligence, including:motor vehicle accidents, including auto collisions, motorcycle crashes, truck accidentsproduct liability, including defective products and faulty medical devices medical malpractice, including birth injuries, delayed diagnosis, misdiagnosis and failure to diagnose cancer and other conditionsworkplace accidents, including construction site mishapspremises liability, including slip and falls, trip and falls, and accidents caused by insufficient lightingworkers’ compensation and third party claimswrongful death: when your loved one has paid the ultimate price for someone’s preventable mistake, drazin & warshaw will fight with tenacity to hold the liable party responsible for their negligence.when our lawyers take on a case or walk into a courtroom, insurance companies and their lawyers know they are in for a real battle. other lawyers know we will do everything it takes to win substantial damages for our injured clients, and they often refer their clients to us. insurance carriers know we will never back down and will battle them tooth and nail until justice is served. they know it is futile to make low-ball settlement offers, and they know we are ready, willing and able to fight them with substantial resources, know-how and commitment to our clients.   schedule a free consultation today        get help today2new jerseysuper lawyers 3certified civiltrial attorneys 70+years ofwinning cases 1njaj pastpresident   more about us  choose drazin &warshaw for yourpersonal injury claim louis m. drazin founded the firm on the principles of hard work, finely tuned skills, and an advanced appreciation of the medical consequences of traumatic injuries. protecting the rights of victims of negligence has been a privilege we do not take lightly. it is not just a job to us; it's a profession and a way of life. today, louis' sons, dennis, ronald, and brian drazin lead the firm and continue to enjoy a statewide reputation.serious injuries require prompt attention from medical specialists as well as serious personal injury lawyers. the truth is, residents of monmouth, middlesex, and ocean counties have many law firms to choose from to represent them following an accident. however, it’s also true that experience matters. at drazin & warshaw, we are a family of trial lawyers and are proud to say we have been a voice for victims in central new jersey and throughout the state for three generations. our firm has played an important part and touched the lives of many families in the communities we serve for over 70 years.we are thoroughly prepared and our experienced and skilled lawyers never back down in the face of adversity. our firm’s size enables us to put extensive resources into preparing each case we accept. we develop personal relationships with our clients, take the time to get to know them and understand how their injuries have impacted their past, present, and future lives. our medical knowledge is extensive and allows us to clearly and concisely explain why our clients deserve maximum compensation for the harms and losses they have suffered to the defense, and if necessary, to a judge and jury.we are a dedicated team of professionals who are proud to carry on the traditions and follow closely in the footsteps of drazin & warshaw’s founding partner, providing the highest quality legal representation to each and every client who walks through the doors of our offices.many of the verdicts won by our law firm have been landmark decisions, specifically in the areas of medical malpractice, product liability and toxic torts, and have been published in the new jersey law journal and verdictsearch. we demand that you be treated fairly and receive just compensation to cover your injuries, as well as your medical care and lost wages.                no aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the supreme court
 of new jersey.  learn more about the super lawyers selection process and methodology   learn more about the national trial lawyers selection process and
 methodology contact drazin & warshaw  for a free consultationwhen you've been injured in an accident, you deserve justice. we have a winning track  record, and we'll demand maximum compensation for your injuries. there are no upfront legal fees and we don't get paid unless you get paid. * indicates a required field.     name *      email *     phone *   brief description of your case *  contact a lawyer todayred bank25 reckless placered bank, nj 07701 732-333-8141 map & directionshazlet3315 hwy 35hazlet, nj 07730 732-786-3344 map & directionsbrick937 cedar bridge avebrick, nj 08723 732-773-9696 map & directionswestfield133 prospect streetwestfield, nj 07090 732-889-7180 map & directions ©
 2025
 drazin & warshaw. all rights reserved.   sitemap. privacy policy.  