






coach training and coaching certification - executive coaching, adhd coaching, health and wellness coaching














































 




phone301-986-5688emailinfo@mentorcoach.comstudent entrancemenuhomeaboutthe roadmap to our programwhy choose mentorcoach® ?about “mentor”about benour teamfree workshopfoundationsmaster classesfacultypositive psychology coachingpositive psychology and coachinginterviewsbooksresourcescertificationcertification program summarycertified mentorcoach and icf certified coachcertified positive psychology coachcertified executive coachcertified health and wellness coachcertified adhd coachcontactstudent entrance








mentorcoach offers you complete preparation for an icf coaching credential.
icf preparation 
read more 
mentorcoach has trained thousands of professional coaches. 
coaches with icf credentials earn more than those without. 
the great majority of clients prefer credentialed coaches. 
icf credentials are becoming increasingly expected.  
 



you will benefit from the rich infusion of positive psychology at 
mentorcoach.
positive psychology coaching 
read more 
mentorcoach pioneered positive psychology coaching. 
positive psychology and coaching are a natural fit. 
positive psychology provides scientific evidence, not just opinions. 
it emphasizes strengths, virtues, flourishing. 
 



at mentorcoach, you can choose from five certification programs.
five certification options 
read more 
become a certified mentorcoach and icf certified coach. 
become a certified health and wellness coach.  
become a certified executive coach. 
become a certified adhd coach.   
become a certified positive psychology coach.   
 



our program is straightforward and flexible—it’s foundations 
plus master classes.
our training program 
read more 
our 21-week foundations course gives you a solid grounding to start. 
master classes include three required courses and many electives. 
your electives will depend on the certification program you choose. 
enroll in foundations and sign up for our free teleseminar below—or call us. 
 





hello and welcome to mentorcoach.
are you looking for the finest coach training available, either to become a coach or to advance your coaching career? if so, you’re in the right place. since 1997, we have trained thousands of professional people just like you—from fields as diverse as psychology, social work, health, law, business, education, and more—to become certified coaches.
a hallmark of mentorcoach is our thorough integration of positive psychology. we pioneered positive psychology coaching and i am confident no other program equals us.
mentorcoach is a friendly and mutually supportive community. explore our website and decide if we’re right for you. be sure to sign up for my free teleworkshop.

learn more about mentor coach 
free coaching workshopregister for ben dean’s free zoom coaching workshop. practical information to use now and a drawing for a $2000 fellowship.
thursday, february 13, 2025
6:00 – 8:00 pm eastern
learn more
ready to start?enroll in foundations (mcp 281)
wednesdays, 6:00 pm – 7:30 pm et
starts: february 12, 2025
– or –
enroll in foundations (mcp 282)
wednesdays, 12:00 pm – 1:30 pm et
starts: march 18, 2025
learn more
coaching toward happiness:
a free monthly email newsletter
as a subscriber, you’ll receive a succinct article about once a month on positive psychology. our goal is to help you assimilate insights from positive psychology and to make your journey forward both fruitful and fun.
we’ll share practical strategies for enhancing happiness and meaning in your own life and work, strategies you can share with your clients and others.
periodically, leading scholars and practitioners in positive psychology will discuss the personal impact of their work on their lives. we’ll ask: what have they learned? what strategies do they personally use? what areas do they still neglect?
subscribe nowfree virtual coaching workshop
with ben dean, ph.d.
come to ben’s fun, friendly, and informative zoom workshop. someone will win a $2000 fellowship to our foundations course!
the next workshop will be held:
thursday, february 13, 2025
6:00 – 8:00 pm eastern
when you join ben’s workshop, he will:

share about his coaching career
give you practical tips you can use right away


take your questions
tell you about coaching and about mentorcoach

register herejust as the good life is something beyond the pleasant life, the meaningful life is beyond the good life.
–martin seligman
positivity opens us. the first core truth about positive emotions is that they open our hearts and our minds, making us more receptive and more creative.
–barbara fredrickson
other people matter.
–christopher peterson
the foundations course
great buildings are erected on strong foundations—so are great careers. at mentorcoach, we help you create that solid grounding in our foundations program. in this 31-week course, you will learn the essentials of coaching and prepare to move forward with our coaching master classes. through practice coaching, you will take your first steps into an exciting career and experience for yourself how powerful coaching can be. you can even start a master class before you’ve finished the foundations program.
read morecoaching master classes
our master classes will show you how it all comes together. in three required master classes, you will deepen and extend your coaching skills as well as learn about the ethics that underlie the coaching profession. and as you take your elective master classes chosen from areas such as health and wellness coaching, executive coaching, adhd coaching, careers and calling, meaning, group coaching and so much more, you will gain a sense of the rich possibilities of your future in coaching. many of these are open to the public.
read morecoach certification
you can choose to specialize in executive coaching, positive psychology coaching, adhd coaching, or health and wellness coaching—or chart your own path. whatever you decide, successful completion of our 125-hour program will lead to your coaching certification from mentorcoach. it will also lead you to the international coach federation’s pcc or professional certified coach credential, a higher level than the acc or associate certified coach credential many programs prepare you for. just pass the icf exam and complete the required number of coaching hours.
read morein memoriam: carol solomon, ph.d., mcc

it is with great sadness that we acknowledge the passing of carol solomon on saturday, april 6, 2024, after suffering a stroke. carol was a renowned coach and teacher for mentorcoach for many years.
her students loved and revered her. josh zimmerman recounted that at the end of her spring health & wellness class a couple of years ago, every student, including carol herself, cried during the last class as they said goodbye to each other.
carol was a licensed clinical psychologist and an icf master certified coach (mcc) in the suburbs of chicago. she was one of the first members of the mentorcoach trainer team and routinely received rave reviews for her classes. she was also a pod leader in the authentic happiness coaching program, and a graduate of mcp foundations class #14.
carol began her transition to full-time coaching in 2000. she had a large, successful coaching practice for many years, helping people find solutions and make positive life changes. she was a natural teacher and coach, with a warm, genuine personality and an enthusiastic love of learning. carol wrote 5 books and had a large email newsletter list. for mentorcoach, she taught foundations, internet marketing, and health and wellness classes for many years.
please hold carol and her family in the light during this difficult time.
what mentorcoach grads say about us

“mentorcoach is more than a coach training school. it is a community of caring, supportive, skilled and knowledgeable professionals. as a student of mentorcoach you become part of a wonderful family.”
– jeff kaplan, ph.d., mcc, cmc norristown, pa


“i cannot imagine a better training experience than that provided by mentorcoach. the quality of the instruction is superb. the positive psychology emphasis and the opportunities to learn from leaders in the field are unparalleled…”
– ellen ostrow, ph.d., pcc, cmc, founder, lawyers life coach llc silver spring, md

read more reviews from our graduates >
for prospective students: the roadmap to our programread more


about mentorcoach® is the leading coach training school based on the integration of evidence-based coaching and the new science of positive psychology. 






important pagesthe foundations program
coaching master classes
coach certification
positive psychology and coaching
policy
copyright terms
how may we help you? mentorcoach®
4400 east west highway, #1104
bethesda, maryland 20814
voice: 301.986.5688 fax: 301.913.9447
email: info@mentorcoach.com


© 1997-2024, mentorcoach® llc, all rights reserved.

 menu










subscribe to the coaching toward happiness™ enewsletter!
coaching toward happiness is a free monthly e-mail newsletter on applying positive psychology to your coaching, work and life. 
click here to subscribe



we respect your privacy. your information is safe and will never be shared.



don't miss out. subscribe today.
×

×
wordpress popup












