





























welcome to south texas health system





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
careers
gme program
price transparency



search


contact



loading
















menu









back







close






our facilities hospitals south texas health system behavioral 
south texas health system children's 
south texas health system edinburg 
south texas health system heart 
south texas health system mcallen 

freestanding emergency rooms south texas health system er alamo 
south texas health system er mccoll 
south texas health system er mission 
south texas health system er monte cristo 
south texas health system er pharr 
south texas health system er ware road 
south texas health system er weslaco 

outpatient clinics south texas health system physical rehabilitation unit 
outpatient clinics 

clinics south texas health system clinics 
south texas health system bariatric weight loss surgery center 


patients & visitors patient services: patient handbook (english) 
patient handbook (spanish) 
emergency services 
health equity 
health records online 
hospitalist program 
mobile app 
no surprises act 
price guide 
quality and patient safety 
request medical records 
veteran health care services 

billing and insurance: online bill pay 
health insurance marketplace 
insurance plans 

visitors: hospital locations 
phone directories 
visitor information 


for the community get involved: event calendars 
volunteering 

programs: sths alerts text notifications 

hometown heroes 

resources health information: blog 
health news magazine 
south texas health minutes 
health risk assessments 
understanding heart failure 
comprendiendo la insuficiencia cardíaca 
understanding heart attacks 
comprender los ataques cardíacos 
open heart surgery 
cirugía a corazón abierto 


about south texas at a glance about us 
accreditations and awards 
careers 
contact us 
our history 
serving our community 
news 
your health. our purpose. 
graduate medical education consortium 
media contact 
sths fan store 
value-based medicine and the patient experience 






find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
careers
gme program
price transparency
 



search form

search 



























    view er wait times  








          er wait time
        
  
0 min.south texas health system heartview mapvisit website


2 min.south texas health system er missionview maprequest a time


3 min.south texas health system er monte cristoview maprequest a time


3 min.south texas health system er ware roadview maprequest a time


4 min.south texas health system er alamoview maprequest a time


4 min.south texas health system er mccollview maprequest a time


6 min.south texas health system er weslacoview maprequest a time


6 min.south texas health system mcallenview mapvisit website


8 min.south texas health system edinburgview mapvisit website


9 min.south texas health system children'sview mapvisit website

 

	if you are having a medical emergency, call 9-1-1. refresh your screen to get the latest wait time. for the most accurate wait time, call the hospital.



















          your health.our purpose. 
learn more 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	gme program	    












	    	careers	    









  
   
health risk assessments from south texas health system
health risk assessments can help you discover important information about your health.
take an assessment


    
   
safe. trusted. ready.
we've always been here when you needed us most. we're here for you now.
watch now


 


previous next 



















                  our locations              

find a facility near you 









































south texas health system and sths clinics to provide education to rio grande valley residents on the dangers of sleep apnea in the latest episode of their "south texas healthy living" tv program

south texas health system and sths clinics to provide education to rio grande valley residents on the dangers of sleep apnea in the latest episode of their "south texas healthy living" tv program
airing sunday, january 26, on kveo-tv nbc 23, the 30-minute program will shine a spotlight on the complications associated with untreated sleep...
read 

south texas health system donates $5,000 to tstc foundation in support of the harlingen campus' surgical tech and vocational nursing programs

south texas health system donates $5,000 to tstc foundation in support of the harlingen campus' surgical tech and vocational nursing programs
sths is honored to support texas state technical college’s work in building a strong healthcare workforce in the rio grande valley.
read 

south texas health system commemorates sths er at weslaco's 10 year history of providing critical care in the mid-valley with special milestone celebration 

south texas health system commemorates sths er at weslaco's 10 year history of providing critical care in the mid-valley with special milestone celebration 
during a special celebration on thursday, january 9, sths and the weslaco area chamber of commerce partnered to recognize the 10th anniversary.
read 




blog


at the  south texas health system blog you'll find information you can use to improve your overall health and well-being, and stories about our amazing patients and healthcare heroes serving our community. 


is it the winter blues or something more?

is it the winter blues or something more? january 16, 2025 
	it’s that time of year for the winter blues and seasonal affective disorder. here are ways to recognize the differences and know when it’s time to seek help. read article 
 

this simple screening could save your heart

this simple screening could save your heart january 16, 2025 
	according to the centers for disease control and prevention, heart disease is the leading cause of death among u.s. adults. cardiac imaging can help keep your heart healthy – here’s how. read article 
 

this is one of the most common illnesses in kids

this is one of the most common illnesses in kids january 10, 2025 
	approximately five out of six kids have at least one ear infection before they are old enough to start preschool. many kids have more than one. read article 
 



all health news articles
 

 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events



 
















south texas health system1400 west trenton road , edinburg , tx 78539 








contact us
about us
careers
news
sths clinics
weight loss surgery center



facebook
instagram
twitter
linkedin
youtube









	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither south texas health system, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





south texas health system children's
south texas health system edinburg
south texas health system heart
south texas health system mcallen
south texas health system er alamo
south texas health system er mccoll
south texas health system er mission
south texas health system er monte cristo
south texas health system er pharr
south texas health system er weslaco
south texas health system er ware road
south texas behavioral health center
edinburg regional rehab center
heart clinics
outpatient clinics
south texas health system bariatric weight loss surgery center
hipaa notice of privacy practices
valley care clinics
nondiscrimination notice
physician disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use
language assistance
site map
accessibility statement
code of conduct
compliance hotline
price transparency



© 2025 south texas health system. all rights reserved.














