




strokefamily.org















  


home 
     

demos      

free e-book 
     

about       

faq       


     










our success stories



sensory trigger method




            
innovative programs



online sessions



for speech therapists





 




 





 "the sensory trigger method can work wonders even when progress with speech therapy has ceased. it is used mostly by family members and friends as a method of breaking through the silence, while speech therapists find it helps severe patients get "unstuck" and go to the next level. even people with milder aphasia benefit by learning how to "unblock" speech themselves when the words "don't come to them".  

~ barbara schacker, sensory trigger originator.



our "brain friendly" speech practice programs use the sensory trigger method to tap into brain pathways from early childhood and the undamaged speech centers on the other side of the brain. these special techniques are based on the brain research that shows that new pathways can reconnect speech. this is called "neuroplastic speech recovery". 


it works by using something called "sensory substitution". the sensory trigger uses touch signals from the hand and fingertips to substitute for the damaged or lost connections in the brain.  these signals travel the neuro-pathways that are responsible for initiating and producing speech. the touch signals learn how to communicate with the brain in a new way. they adapt and function just like speech signals and are recognized as such by the undamaged side of the brain. the fingertips and hand use the same neuro networks as braille or american sign language.  with daily practice, a new "brain map" is created for speech. 
  


video didn't play on your browser? click here

 
the difference between what we do and other programs is how
sight, sound and touch are integrated into every activity.



special features of the sensory trigger speech recovery programs:


uses all 3 sensory systems required for speech recovery: touch, sight and sound
focus on being able to communicate one's needs, wants, feelings and thoughts.
special core words vocabulary - over 1000 most frequently spoken words
exercises start with words that are the easiest to say
learn how to "unblock" your speech.
natural sounding voice feature can be adjusted for speed and pacing.
option for uk english speakers
natural sounding voice app can be used on any document, web page, email
add to the program content for personal names, addresses, expressions and interests
change or add program content to advance as a person progresses
activities to apply what is learned in the program to encourage spontaneous everyday speech.
our programs now run on ipad, ipod, and medium-sized tablets as well as desktops and laptops

personal sensory trigger coaching sessions will show you how to bring back speech in everyday life situations, 
so you will go beyond the programs. sessions are for all levels and speech recovery.

follow michael's amazing speech recovery after a massive traumatic brain injury. using the sensory trigger method and programs, michael recovered enough of
 his speech and writing to converse and help edit his second book. watch the videos clips showing stages of his remarkable progress on the
 demo page and read 
 michael's recovery story


combined with the use of the
most frequently spoken words and conversational words, the method and
materials take most of the frustration out of getting speech back. we
have proved that even in "hopeless" cases, speech recovery is still
possible using the sensory trigger
method. in addition, we have shown that the time frame for recovery
is up to two years and beyond--not six months as previously believed. this is why we have had so much success, even with
"untreatable" cases of aphasia. read how barbara dean schacker discovered the sensory trigger: story of my father's
amazing speech recovery. 
studies have
shown that "intensive speech therapy" programs are 85% more effective
than 1 or 2 times a week therapy sessions. yet these programs are hard
to find and are expensive. with our  whole
speech practice kits, families and therapists now have a way to
provide intensive speech recovery programs, even when time with the
patient is severely limited by insurance cut-offs or medicare
limitations. our family friendly programs and materials bring everyone
together. it is also now known that social and family interaction can
make the difference between a person who recovers their speech and
those who do not. the sensory trigger method, is a daily,
go-at-your-own-pace speech practice and interaction that really works.
the sensory trigger method and our speech practice kits are easily integrated
 into speech therapy programs and aphasia support groups. professionally evaluated and
clinically tested.

evidence base for the sensory trigger method: evidence base documents, articles, resources 

the sensory trigger method was clinically tested in 1991 by larry a. boles, m.s. ccc-slp,
university of california, davis,
medical center, department of physical medicine and rehabilitation -
all participants who had previously plateaued and were considered "untreatable" with speech therapy, benefited from the programs, regaining speech at different levels during the clinical trial.



     

     




we deliver speech recovery world-wide 
 pathways publishing has an a+ rating at the better business bureau. since established in 1999, there hasn't been a single complaint. 


privacy guarantee | safe ordering - secure
server
copyright 2017 pathways
publishing, all rights reserved


disclaimer









