





bridgeman land & livestock









































skip to content



 204-826-2060
 krb@goinet.ca






bridgeman land & livestock





home
contact us
broodmares
horses for sale
stallions
weanlings
 



 















kirk and gail bridgeman started equine ranching in 1981. since then they have been breeding registered quarter horses and appaloosas. daughter kristy, son in law tyler gilchrist and granddaughter taci are now involved with training and competing on many ranch raised horses in barrel racing and team roping. also using them in everyday ranch work. bridgeman land & livestock ltd. horses are bred to perform whether it is at a horse show, the rodeo arena, on the ranch, or riding down the trail.
the ranch consists of 2,100 acres of pasture, hay and grain land. many of the pastures have been sown down to a blend of grass seed and alfalfa to allow the foals and their mothers quality grazing. bridgeman land & livestock ltd. also grows all their own oats, timothy and alfalfa to feed the horses. in 2002, bridgeman land & livestock ltd. was named the little saskatchewan conservation district conservation farm family of the year. they strive to ranch in harmony with the wildlife and natural habitat and are very proud of the award and continue to improve their land management practices.
the bridgemans offer horses for sale each year at select consignment sales and by private treaty. you are invited to stop by the ranch located near rapid city, manitoba to tour the broodmares and stallions that contribute to the program. there are weanlings, yearlings, started 2 and 3 year olds and finished horses available to view any time you are in the area. just give us a call and let us know when you are coming so we can have the coffee on.
check out our facebook page "bridgeman land & livestock" for featured horses for sale!!!






























                                                                    bridgeman land & livestock © 2025. all rights reserved.	
                                                            




















