



































































the times and democrat | breaking news | read orangeburg, sc and south carolina breaking news. get latest news, events and information on south carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















57°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state & regional



crime



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


editorials



letters



columnists



cartoons



submit a letter




sports


high school



bulldog zone



panther den



college



outdoors



professional




lifestyles


events calendar



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests



play



food



home & garden



health



get healthy



pets



people



announcements




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections



newspapers in education




buy & sell


cars



marketplace



place an ad



jobs



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs








57°
sunny
























        
        
            north band students secure over $1.5m in scholarships

north high school band students secured $1.5+ million in scholarships at burke high school scholarship fair. mentors mcclound and marsh praised for guidance.

















        
        
            the destruction of hamas is vital for egypt and jordan who must help

in the face of hamas threat, president trump proposes egypt and jordan take in gazan refugees while gaza undergoes cleansing of hamas and muslim brotherhood ideology.

















        
        
            morris ugusuk took a leap of faith with south carolina. now, he’s finding his stride

morris ugusuk, a finnish basketball player, took a leap of faith to play college ball in south carolina, finding his shot and adjusting to a new role.

















        
        
            south carolina falls out of no. 1 spot in net rankings

gamecocks fall to uconn, drop to #6 in ap poll, still strong in net rankings, face arkansas and vanderbilt.

















        
        
            high school basketball: monday's playoff results

schsl class 3a girls playoffs 

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            plans to grow - orangeburg high school for health professions plans $14 million addition

the orangeburg high school for health professions charter school is expanding to accommodate a growing student population.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            shopper - man exposed himself in walmart neighborhood market in orangeburg


















        
        
            orangeburg man accused of sex act with 15-year-old


















        
        
            plans to grow - orangeburg high school for health professions plans $14 million addition















                
                the latest



















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 18

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















        
        
            february 17 recap: orangeburg news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from the times and democrat. 





















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















        
        
            orangeburg neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in the times and democrat 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains




















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles




















        
        
            new affordable housing and community spaces coming to highbridge




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            ap top 25: fighting irish are new no. 1; gamecocks drop to no. 6

notre dame takes top spot in ap top 25 women's basketball poll, texas ranks second, kentucky falls, sec leads. ncaa reveals top teams. 




















        
        
            cam ward has answer for anyone who thinks he quit on miami

cam ward, the nation's top college quarterback, faced criticism for not finishing a game with miami hurricanes but defended his decision to prioritize his future.




















        
        
            clemson tigers rise to no. 18 in ap rankings

auburn maintains no. 1 ranking after defeating alabama. florida rises to no. 2. big 12 has three top 10 teams. michigan and louisville make significant jumps.




















        
        
            davion everett scores 23 to lead sc state over coppin state

davion everett leads south carolina state to a dominant victory over coppin state.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            the modern obsession with tracking everything

provided content. keeping tabs on every aspect of life has become a standard for many people. schedules on phones, to-do lists, fitness trackers, social media notifications and stock trends ping on our devices on a regular basis.












contributor








        
        
            how ai is transforming personal branding: the rise of creative headshots

contributor content. ai can help professionals embrace their unique traits for creative headshots that perfectly capture who someone is as a person and who they are within their industry. 












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            committee to elect vicki haynes



                                        2121 new wilkinson ave., orangeburg, sc 29115
                                    






















        
        
            united way of orangeburg
































        
        
            edisto electric cooperative



                                        po box 547, bamberg, sc 29003
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


news

local

life & entertainment

life and style

sports

privacy policy

online features 

work here

get healthy




services


anniversary

birth

engagement

wedding

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the times and democrat, 1010 broughton street orangeburg, sc 29115
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































