





pencil portraits by artist kelli swan | pen and ink house home drawings | dogs, pets, people


























 



 

about

about kelli
artist bio
awards
testimonials
interview w/kelli
contact


prints & gifts

horse art
dog breed art
cat art
landscapes/city
aviation art
wildlife art
reproductions
note cards
sunny sense designs



portraits

pencil portraits
pen/ink portraits
how she draws
steps for pen-ink
steps for pencil



more

drawing articles
art marketing book
favorite links
zazzle store
horse stories







 drawings by artist kelli swan
black & white pencil and pen & ink drawings
this site features the artwork of artist kelli swan. her detailed  drawings reveal an eye for detail and a talent for capturing the essence of any nearly subject. at this site you can find kelli’s portfolio of work (some of which is available on prints and products) as well as information on custom portraits in either pen & ink or pencil.


latest doberman pinscher art
“comfort zones” 
sometimes those adopted dogs become oh-soooo-comfortable!! this montage artwork depicts a doberman pinscher dog (natural ears) who has found her "comfort zones" -- all over the house! be it upside down, cocooned in blankets, or loafing on the sofa, there is always a place to be “in the zone.”  available exclusively through my fine art america (pixels) store.


 


pencil portraits
pets, dogs, cats, horses and more
pencil portrait gifts: 
subjects that make great pencil drawings include: historical scenes and landscapes, horse portraits, dog breed drawings, cats, other pets, and vintage subjects.
the original pencil drawings are black and white and are created from customer-supplied photographs.
>> see  online portfolio and order information for custom pencil drawings.

 


pen & ink portraits of homes and houses
pen & ink portrait gifts:
 pen & ink is a classic look for home portraits, house drawings and other architectural artwork. 
the original pen & ink drawings are black and white and are created from customer-supplied photographs. 
>> see  online portfolio and order information for custom pen and ink drawings.

 


cuyahoga valley national park series
now available in prints, notecards and products: a series of landmarks from the cuyahoga valley national park. included in this series are: cvnp headquarter buildings in jaite, brandywine falls, virginia-kendall ledges and a locomotive at the brecksville station. these drawings are now available through my zazzle store and my fine art america (pixels) store.


 


framed and unframed prints:
choose your own matting/framing at pixels
open edition prints of dressage horses, doberman dogs, german shepherds, horse racing and more.
kelli’s pencil drawings are available as open edition prints through fine art america (now pixels.com). a wide variety of sizes, and matting/framing are available. 
>> shop at fine art america/pixels now.

 


 specialty gifts
customizable mugs, phone cases, shirts, cards at zazzle!
mugs, cups, shirts, iphone/ipad sleeves, and much more at zazzle! many products can be customized with your own name or special inscription! arabian, friesian, jumper and racing horse art. doberman, greyhound, yorkie art, and much more.
>> shop at zazzle now.

 


black and white note cards
horse, dog, cat, vintage aviation and more
special zazzle store for black and white horse, dog and cat note cards. mix and match. customizable too - add your own personal or business greeting inside. the note cards are available in two sizes as well. 
>> shop b&w notecards at zazzle now.

 









on this site:
about kelli swan
artist bio
awards & accomplishments
custom pet portraits
pen & ink house portraits
reproductions & gifts
testimonials
favorite links
horse stories


stores and social


custom drawings by kelli on x

kelli swan on linkedin

kelli’s zazzle store

open edition prints: fine art america

black and white notecards  store





pencil drawings by kelli swan | cygnet graphics ltd | canton, oh | 330.933.5013

     website design and all site contents ©cygnet graphics ltd | kelli swan, all rights reserved
    
 
 



