


www.conleymotorsportsinc.com | welcome to the official internet home of conley motorsports, inc.






 








r.j. conley dominates 
                  atomic finale; wins track championship!!
(october 
                  27, 2024) r.j. conley concluded his 2024 racing 
                  season in winning fashion on saturday night, october 26 at atomic 
                  speedway in alma, ohio! aboard his longhorn chassis, r.j. laid 
                  down the second fastest lap overall during qualifying prior 
                  to winning his heat race. after starting the 25-lap main event 
                  from the outside of the front row, r.j. took off at the drop 
                  of the green flag and led every circuit to pocket the $3,000 
                  payday ahead of runner-up rod conley, robby hensley, zach milbee, 
                  and seth daniels. with the triumph, the wheelersburg, ohio standout 
                  also secured the super late model track championship at the 
                  southern ohio venue!
the #71r team also had a great night in the season 
                  finale at atomic speedway in finishing in the runner-up spot. 
                  in preliminary action, rod qualified third quickest overall 
                  during time trials and later secured a heat race victory. "hot 
                  rod" was able to move up one spot during the 25-lapper 
                  to trail only his brother r.j. and the second place effort locked 
                  him into the third place in the final track point standings. 
                  complete results can be found online by logging onto www.atomicspeedway.net.

conley eighth in 
                  butterball wooldridge memorial; third in iron-man points
(october 
                  13, 2024) the valvoline american late model 
                  iron-man series wrapped up their 2024 campaign on saturday evening, 
                  october 12 with the annual running of the 'butterball wooldridge 
                  memorial' at richmond raceway in richmond, kentucky. a total 
                  of 37 entrants vied for the $12,059 first place prize money 
                  at the bluegrass state bullring. rod conley started off his 
                  night by posting the fifth fastest lap in group b during the 
                  qualifying session.
after placing third in his heat race, rod started 
                  the 59-lap headliner from the outside of the fifth row. the 
                  wheelersburg, ohio standout then worked his way past a pair 
                  of competitors on his way to a solid eighth place performance 
                  in the 'butterball wooldridge memorial.' when the final points 
                  were tallied, "hot rod" found himself third in the 
                  final iron-man point standings behind only champion rusty schlenk 
                  and runner-up seth daniels. full results can be viewed online 
                  by clicking on www.imdirt.net. 
                  (ryan roberts photography)

trio of top tens 
                  for conley motorsports, inc. at mudlick valley
(october 
                  6, 2024) the conley motorsports, inc. (cmi) 
                  teams were out in full force over the october 4-5 weekend at 
                  mudlick valley raceway in wallingford, kentucky. the valvoline 
                  american late model iron-man series presided over the doubleheader, 
                  which kicked off on friday night with a $5,000 to win throwdown. 
                  rod conley ran fourth in his heat race prior to passing four 
                  competitors during the 30-lap feature en route to a solid sixth 
                  place showing. his brother r.j. conley was not far behind, as 
                  he finished fifth in his heat race and seventh in the a-main.
on saturday evening at mudlick valley raceway, 
                  a $10,000 top prize was up for grabs for the ground-pounding 
                  super late models. rod placed fourth in his heat race during 
                  preliminary action and later steered his #71r machine past a 
                  trio of racecars during the 'fall 40' on his way to a seventh 
                  place performance. r.j., on the other hand, encountered a rough 
                  night and was caught up in several incidents throughout the 
                  program. the wheelersburg, ohio ace wound up tenth in his heat 
                  race, eleventh in his b-main, and twenty-third in the 40-lapper 
                  after receiving a series provisional. full results from the 
                  entire 'fall 40' weekend can be found online by clicking on 
                  www.imdirt.net. 
                   (michael boggs photography)

r.j. debuts new 
                  longhorn chassis; rod runner-up at atomic!
(september 
                  22, 2024) wheelersburg, ohio ace r.j. conley 
                  debuted a new longhorn chassis on friday night, september 20 
                  at moler raceway park in williamsburg, ohio! with a $2,000 top 
                  prize up for grabs on track championship night, r.j. was quick 
                  right out of the box by earning fast time honors during qualifying 
                  and winning his heat race. after starting from the pole position 
                  in the 25-lap feature event and leading most of the contest, 
                  r.j. eventually placed second at the checkers behind only victor 
                  billy green.
on saturday evening, september 21, both conley 
                  motorsports, inc. (cmi) drivers were in attendance at atomic 
                  speedway in alma, ohio for the annual running of the 'iron-man 
                  classic,' which shelled out a $5,000 winner's check. r.j. once 
                  again turned the fastest overall lap during the valvoline american 
                  late model iron-man series qualifying session before both r.j. 
                  and rod conley recorded heat race victories. the two conley's 
                  together then led 33 of the 40 feature laps. rod finished in 
                  the runner-up spot behind only victor seth daniels, while r.j. 
                  placed eighth in the final rundown after pitting for a vibration 
                  caused by mud in a wheel. full results from both weekend races 
                  can be found online by clicking on www.mrpracewaypark.com 
                  and www.imdirt.net. 
                   (nate's racin' photos)

r.j. sixth in ike 
                  moler memorial; rod sixth at lawrenceburg
(september 
                  15, 2024) rod conley returned to the valvoline 
                  american late model iron-man series trail on september 13-14 
                  in the states of ohio and indiana. on friday night in the $5,000 
                  to win 'ike moler memorial' at moler raceway park in williamsburg, 
                  ohio, rod ran fourth in his heat race prior to placing fourteenth 
                  in the 40-lap main event. at lawrenceburg speedway in lawrenceburg, 
                  indiana on saturday evening in a similar show, rod earned fast 
                  time honors during qualifying, finished second in his heat race, 
                  and later wound up sixth following forty green flag laps in 
                  the feature behind only $5,000 victor jason jameson, kody evans, 
                  rusty schlenk, devin gilpin, and adam stricker.
his brother r.j. conley was also in action in 
                  friday's annual 'ike moler memorial' at mrp. r.j. placed fifth 
                  in his heat race, but later won his b-main and charged past 
                  twelve competitors during the 40-lapper en route to a solid 
                  sixth place performance behind only $5,000 winner josh rice, 
                  adam stricker, rusty schlenk, seth daniels, and kirk phillips. 
                  on saturday, the #71c team ventured north to muskingum county 
                  speedway in zanesville, ohio for the 'jim dunn memorial,' which 
                  was sanctioned by the xr super series. r.j. finished second 
                  in his heat race and was running strong in the $15,000 to win 
                  headliner until an incident with another competitor late in 
                  the 40-lap distance dropped the wheelersburg, ohio ace to a 
                  disappointing fifteenth place showing. full results from the 
                  entire weekend can be found online at www.imdirt.net 
                  and www.xrsuperseries.com. 
                   (ryan roberts photography)

r.j. conley fourth 
                  in boone coleman gator 50; rod runs seventh
(september 
                  2, 2024) the labor day holiday weekend for the 
                  cmi teams kicked off on friday night, august 30 at portsmouth 
                  raceway park in portsmouth, ohio with the annual running of 
                  the 'boone coleman gator 50,' which was sanctioned by the valvoline 
                  american late model iron-man series. r.j. conley won his heat 
                  race in preliminary action prior to finishing fourth in the 
                  50-lap feature behind only $7,500 victor daulton wilson, garrett 
                  alberson, and seth daniels. rod conley, on the other hand, also 
                  secured a heat race triumph prior to slipping back to seventh 
                  in the final rundown of the 'boone coleman gator 50.'
following a rain-out of the $15,000 to win 'river 
                  days rumble' at prp on saturday evening, august 31, rod and 
                  his #71r team trekked to the famed eldora speedway in rossburg, 
                  ohio on sunday, september 1. the valvoline american late model 
                  iron-man series presided over the action last night at the "big 
                  e" and 65 competitors piled into the pit area for the $5,000 
                  to win 'baltes classic.' unfortunately, rod was unable to transfer 
                  into the 30-lap headliner after placing sixth in both his heat 
                  race and his b-main. full results from both holiday weekend 
                  shows can be accessed online at www.imdirt.net. 
                   (firehouse photography)

top ten for r.j. 
                  conley in fireball 50 opener at atomic speedway
(august 
                  25, 2024) the world of outlaws case construction 
                  late model series sanctioned the 'fireball 50' weekend at atomic 
                  speedway on august 23-24 and both conley motorsports, inc. (cmi) 
                  teams were in the pit area at the alma, ohio oval. on friday 
                  night with a $10,000 payday on the line, r.j. conley ran third 
                  in his heat race and tenth in the 40-lap feature, while his 
                  brother rod conley placed fifth in his heat race, won his b-main, 
                  and later finished twenty-second in the main event. with a $15,000 
                  top prize up for grabs in saturday's finale, r.j. placed fourth 
                  in his heat race and twelfth in the 50-lapper, while rod finished 
                  fifth in his heat race, third in his b-main, and sixteenth in 
                  the 'fireball 50.' full results from the entire weekend can 
                  be found online at www.woolms.com. 
                  (steve alcorn photo)

r.j. competes in 
                  north/south 100; rod heads to wayne county
(august 
                  11, 2024) r.j. conley and his #71c team invaded 
                  florence speedway in union, kentucky from august 8-10 for the 
                  annual running of the 'north/south 100,' which was once again 
                  sanctioned by the lucas oil late model dirt series. in the pair 
                  of $6,000 to win, split-field preliminary programs, r.j. conley 
                  finished fourth in his heat race and thirteenth in his 25-lap 
                  feature on thursday before running seventh in his heat race, 
                  fourth in his b-main, and twenty-third in friday's 25-lapper. 
                  when saturday rolled around with a $75,000 paycheck up for grabs, 
                  r.j. placed fifth in his loaded heat race and eleventh in his 
                  b-main. unfortunately, the wheelersburg, ohio ace was unable 
                  to make the start in the 100-lap crown jewel headliner that 
                  was ultimately won by bobby pierce.
rod conley and his #71r team, on the other hand, 
                  headed north to wayne county speedway in orrville, ohio on saturday 
                  evening, august 10. the valvoline american late model iron-man 
                  series presided over the 'don and hans gross memorial' and a 
                  $5,000 payday was on the line. rod grabbed the fourth transfer 
                  spot through his heat race, but was unfortunately swept up in 
                  an early incident during the 40-lap main event. "hot rod" 
                  was dropped to a disappointing twentieth place performance last 
                  night at the buckeye state speedplant. complete results from 
                  each of these races can be found online at www.lucasdirt.com 
                  and www.imdirt.net. 
                   (heath lawson photo)

rod conley ventures 
                  to brownstown for hall of fame classic
(august 
                  4, 2024) the lone event for conley motorsports, 
                  inc. over the august 2-3 weekend came on saturday night at the 
                  legendary brownstown speedway. the northern allstars late model 
                  dirt series sanctioned the action at the brownstown, indiana 
                  oval and the 20th edition of the 'hall of fame classic' drew 
                  41 competitors to vie for the $10,000 first place prize. rod 
                  conley grabbed the fourth transfer spot through his stacked 
                  heat race and later started the 50-lap feature from the inside 
                  of the seventh row. at the checkers, the wheelersburg, ohio 
                  ace found himself in the twelfth finishing position. complete 
                  results from last night at brownstown speedway can be accessed 
                  online by logging onto www.brownstownspeedway.com.

top five for r.j. 
                  conley in return to portsmouth raceway park
(july 
                  28, 2024) r.j. conley and his #71c team made 
                  the short trek to portsmouth raceway park in portsmouth, ohio 
                  for the first time in 2024 on saturday night, july 27. a weekly 
                  super late model program was held on jackie boggs kids night 
                  and a $2,000 winner's check was up for grabs. r.j. timed in 
                  fourth quickest overall during the qualifying session prior 
                  to running second in heat race action. after rolling off from 
                  the outside of the second row in the 25-lap main event, the 
                  wheelersburg, ohio veteran finished right where he started in 
                  the contest... in the fourth spot behind only victor kenny christy, 
                  brandon fouts, and shannon thornsberry. complete results from 
                  the jackie boggs kids night at prp can be accessed online at 
                  www.portsraceway.com. 
                   (firehouse photography)

conley motorsports, 
                  inc. battles iron-man foes at mrp & atomic
(july 
                  21, 2024) the conley motorsports, inc. (cmi) 
                  teams battled valvoline american late model iron-man series 
                  foes over the july 19-20 weekend in the buckeye state. on friday 
                  night at moler raceway park in williamsburg, ohio, the 4th edition 
                  of the 'dustbuster 40' was held and a $7,000 first place prize 
                  was up for grabs. r.j. conley won his heat race in preliminary 
                  action, which was worth an additional $1,000 bonus, prior to 
                  nabbing a strong fourth place effort in the 40-lap feature behind 
                  only victor nick hoffman, josh rice, and jason jameson. his 
                  brother rod conley utilized a series provisional to gain access 
                  into the a-main and was able to gain six positions to salvage 
                  a sixteenth place showing.
at atomic speedway in alma, ohio on saturday evening, 
                  a $5,000 payday was on the line for both cmi drivers. r.j. placed 
                  second in his loaded heat race before passing a trio of cars 
                  during the 40-lap main event on his way to a stellar runner-up 
                  performance behind only race winner nick hoffman. rod, on the 
                  other hand, ran fourth in his heat race and ninth in the 40-lapper. 
                  "hot rod" exited the doubleheader weekend fourth in 
                  the latest version of the iron-man series point standings. complete 
                  results from both weekend races can be found online by clicking 
                  on www.imdirt.net. 
                  (steve alcorn photo)

"hot rod" 
                  conley grabs pair of top tens in kentucky & ohio
(july 
                  15, 2024) the #71r conley motorsports, inc. 
                  team traveled to florence speedway in union, kentucky and wayne 
                  county speedway in orrville, ohio over the july 13-14 weekend. 
                  on saturday night at florence, a $3,000 paycheck was up for 
                  grabs in an unsanctioned contest. rod conley stopped the clock 
                  fourth fastest in his group during qualifying before running 
                  fourth in heat race action. after starting tenth on the grid 
                  in the 30-lap main event, "hot rod" was able to stay 
                  inside of the top ten and picked up a spot to land in the ninth 
                  finishing position.
at wayne county on sunday evening, the dirtcar 
                  summer nationals presided over a $7,500 to win program. rod 
                  timed in third quickest in his group during qualifying and later 
                  placed third in his loaded heat race. the wheelersburg, ohio 
                  veteran then finished right where he started in the 35-lap headliner... 
                  in the seventh spot. view complete results from both venues 
                  by logging onto www.florencespeedway.com 
                  and www.waynecountyspeedway.com. 
                   (steve alcorn photo)

rod conley seventh 
                  in born free 40 at brownstown speedway
(july 
                  8, 2024) rod conley followed the valvoline american 
                  late model iron-man series to the hoosier state for a pair of 
                  $5,000 to win throwdowns on july 6-7 at brownstown speedway 
                  in brownstown, indiana and tri-state speedway in haubstadt, 
                  indiana. on saturday in the 'born free 40' at brownstown, rod 
                  ran fourth in his heat race prior to picking off a handful of 
                  competitors during the 40-lap feature on his way to a solid 
                  seventh place effort. at haubstadt on sunday in another $5,000 
                  to win battle, which was co-sanctioned with the dirtcar summer 
                  nationals, rod finished sixth in his heat race, third in the 
                  b-main, and sixteenth in the 30-lapper.
r.j. conley, on the other hand, made the trek 
                  to brushcreek motorsports complex in peebles, ohio on sunday, 
                  july 7 for the annual running of the '4b4ever 40.' the unsanctioned 
                  super late model showdown boasted a $10,000 winner's check. 
                  r.j. stopped the clock sixth quickest overall during the qualifying 
                  session prior to securing a popular heat race triumph. unfortunately, 
                  a broken power steering pump on the first circuit of the 40-lap 
                  main event dropped the wheelersburg, ohio standout to a disappointing 
                  nineteenth place performance. full results from each of these 
                  races can be located online at www.imdirt.net 
                  and www.brushcreekmotorsports.com. 
                  (josh james artwork)
 
 
 




[ home 
          | drivers | schedules 
          | press | sponsors 
          | photos | merch 
          | crew | contact 
          ]
 


























