





















nicholas company, inc. please call 1-800-544-6547 for accessibility assistance



















current prices
















menu







 nicholas fundsnicholas fund, inc.nicholas equity income fund, inc.nicholas ii, inc.nicholas limited edition, inc.nicholas high income fund, inc.nicholas money market fund, inc.advisor historycurrent prices distribution informationdistribution historydistribution calendar - 2024dividends and capital gain distributions information & faqshistorical performanceinvestment teamseparately managed accounts account resourcescontact usopen an accountonline account accessdocuments & formsfrequently asked questionsglossary of termsnewsaccessibility statement















please wait while we gather your results.the wall street transcriptmike shelton, co-portfolio manager of nicholas equity income fund, inc.,  interview with the wall street transcriptnicholas companyis proud to partner with wisconsin athletics this basketball season.2024 distribution calendarthe distribution dates for all funds have been released. click for details. go paperless!sign up for electronic document delivery!trust  integrity  performance
since 1967
why nicholas company
nicholas company is an independently owned investment firm that has operated under the same investment philosophy, process and management since its founding by albert, “ab”, o. nicholas in 1967. our philosophy is based on a fundamental, bottom-up approach to security selection with a long-term investment horizon.  our process focuses on identifying securities offering secular growth characteristics, strong financial bases, reasonable valuations and downside risk. our long-term approach deemphasizes the short-term impact of day-to-day market volatility and maintains a focus on the long-term potential of the securities in our portfolios. providing a more consistent return with reduced volatility encourages investors to maintain market exposure and stay invested for the long run. the nicholas investment style tends to appeal to investors willing to forego some upside in market cycles for a more consistent return with the potential for less downside risk. 
invest with nicholas funds
nicholas funds offer four investment strategies that are open to investors on a direct basis, via a brokerage platform or through their financial adviser. a key objective for nicholas funds is to keep expense ratios low in an effort to return as much of the investment performance back to the shareholders. to accommodate the different methods investors choose to invest in mutual funds, nicholas offers both institutional shares (“i shares”) as well as “n shares” for a select group of our funds. the n shares offers a 12b-1 and servicing fee for platforms, retirement plans and financial advisers.



net asset valuesas of 02/18/2025 navnicholas fund nicsx$97.40nicholas iiclass i - nctwx$34.71nicholas iiclass n - nntwx$33.27nicholas limited editionclass i - nclex$30.93nicholas limited editionclass n - nnlex$27.38nicholas equity incomenseix$22.43
complete pricing
dividend/distribution information









the nicholas funds are offered only to united states residents, and information on this site is intended only for such persons. nothing on this web site should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any nicholas fund in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. 
please refer to each prospectus for important information about each investment company, including investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. 
mutual fund investing involves risk; principal loss is possible. small- and medium-capitalization companies tend to have limited liquidity and greater price volatility than large-capitalization companies. investments in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates rise. this risk is usually greater for longer-term debt securities. investment by the funds in lower-rated and non-rated securities presents a greater risk of loss to principal and interest than higher-rated securities. 
past performance does not guarantee future results.
diversification does not assure a profit nor protect against loss in a declining market.
glossary of terms   |   privacy & security   |   accessibility statement
nicholas funds are distributed by quasar distributors, llc






copyright 2025. nicholas company, inc. investment advisory services are offered through nicholas company, inc. the mutual fund information provided on this site is accompanied by nicholas funds prospectuses. your use of this site signifies your acceptance of our terms and conditions of use.
 



nicholas family of funds
c/o u.s. bank global fund services
p.o. box 701
milwaukee, wisconsin 53201-0701
1-800-544-6547






return to top



