









pigs4ever - your one stop pet pig shop | home of healthy pigs
























































 













 




 
											your cart 
											-
$0.00 








search for:





 
 
 
 








 



about us
care and training tips
blog
my account
contact us
 
 
 






							menu						





home
health
feed and nutrition
hair and skin care
odor control
harnesses
hoof care
miscellaneous
 


 



home
health
feed and nutrition
hair and skin care
odor control
harnesses
hoof care
miscellaneous
 







  







 
 
pig of the month






13
			dec 2024		


penelope from ca


			by 			dottie
 | 



			posted in: pig of the month 
 | 



				0			




meet penelope, the adorable pet pig who stole my heart when i rescued her at just 3 months old! 🐷❤️ her playful spirit and loving nature bring endless joy to my life, proving that love knows no bounds.









monthly special

pet pigs require a balanced diet rich in fiber and nutrients to thrive. bulky lax plus offers a unique blend of ingredients that promote digestive health and overall well-being. 		
health and skin care
 
 
pigs4ever gift setthis box contains 1 each of the following:

love mini camper mug 8oz (includes packet of hot cocoa & peppermint)
pigs are where it’s at phone pop
training treats 12oz
set of can koozies
t-shirt (unisex sizes) choose from either our pigs are where it’s at or nothing could be finer than to have a little swiner

choose shirt color and size below:
not rated
$74.95
select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	


hair and skin conditioner
cures dry skin from the inside out! (common problem among pot-bellied pigs).
controls dandruff-like dermatitis!
easy to use. just “squirt” on top of your pet pig chow.
contains the four (4) long-chain fatty acids essential to the development and maintenance of membranes in the pigs body.
provides building blocks to improve the hair and skin from the inside, out.
eliminates the need to oil your pig to hide unsightly scaly skin and coarse hair.
solves the problem…doesn’t just cover it up.


 rated 5.00 out of 5
$25.95 – $239.95
select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	


heartland maintenance feed 
the best feed in the industry!

developed specifically for the pet pig
12% protein.
low energy to restrict obesity.
high in minerals and vitamins.
high in fiber to satisfy animal’s appetite.
manufactured for pot bellies since 1988
thousands of happy customers (and pet pigs)
now available in 10lb and 20lb bags to assure and maintain quality.
shipping is included in price. no more having to calculate.
note: we cannot ship feed outside of the united states.

not rated
$29.95 – $41.95
select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	


 
 
hoof trimmer package
hoof trimmers by-pass blades
hoof file 8″
hoof moisturizer 2oz jar

not rated
$49.95
add to cart 



cytra-medprevent urinary tract infections!

lowers the ph of the gastro-intestinal tract
inhibits the activity of negative bacteria while providing positive bacteria for replacement
especially important for neutered males
top-dressed on the feed daily
vanilla flavor that pet pigs just love!

 rated 5.00 out of 5
$28.95 – $90.95
select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	


deodorase
deodorase is derived from the yucca plant and absorbs the ammonia
smells from the urine and feces.
simply by adding one small scoop a day to a pet pig’s feed ration.
yes, it really works!
feed to your pet pig as a top dressing for control of ammonia odor in urine and feces.
natural sarsaponin is obtained by extracting and stabilizing ingredients in the yucca plant.
sarsaponin works to control ammonia odor by stimulating bacterial use of ammonia while speeding waste breakdown.
outstanding success in controlling odor in litter boxes and pens of pot bellied pigs.

package size: 12 oz., 2 – 12 oz. bags, 4 lb bag
 rated 5.00 out of 5
$29.95 – $95.95
select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	

 
newsletter


subscribe to our newsletter
subscribe to our newsletter to be notified about our promotions and specials.

name*


first



last

email*

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 













 bloghow to keep my mini pig from tipping its water bowl october 16, 2024having a pig that constantly flips its water bowl can be frustrating. not only does it create a mess, but it can also leave your pig without access to fresh water. however, there are several strategies you can try to encourage your pig to stop this behavior.if you're a pig owner, you may have experienced […] dottie's denis your pig depressed in your new home? here's what you need to know august 14, 2024moving into a new home is an exciting but also stressful time for everyone involved, including your beloved pet pig. it's not uncommon for animals to experience stress and anxiety during a big change like this, and it's important to recognize the signs that your pig may be feeling a bit down.understanding pig behaviorpigs are […] dottie's denvomiting pig - what to do june 5, 2023 my pig is vomiting if your pig has ever thrown up, you know it! the smell is something you will never forget. thankfully, most cases of a vomiting pig can be taken care of at home. examine the vomit and look for anything foreign; plant material, plastic, dog food, carpet, etc. to get an idea […] dottie's denpigs and heat: ways to help them keep them cool july 10, 2022do you know why it's so important to keep pigs cool in the heat of summer? they don't sweat. unlike us or dogs, horses, cows and other animals that sweat, the pig does not. while pigs do have a few sweat glands it is not enough for them to maintain a solid body temperature in […] dottie's denyou have a sick pig - how to tell if your pig is sick, what to do if your pig is sick. october 14, 2021the best judge of the health of your pig is "you". you live with the pig, you see the pigs normal actions on a daily basis. you can tell when things are just a little off with your porcine friend. this is the time to take action as most things if caught in time, won't […] dottie's denthe last hoorah april 13, 2021 this is for that day, hopefully in the distant future, when you might have to make one of the hardest choices out there. of the 10 pigs that i have lost over the years i've only had to make the decision 3 times to help them go to the rainbow bridge. the first time was […] dottie's den 

 






get to know our products with
try it sizes
shop try it sizes 



 



 

cart

search for:



 

home
shop
cart
site map
privacy policy
user agreement
shipping & handling
contact us


phone: 352-973-7606
© 2025 pigs4ever
all worldwide rights reserved
created by gfad design.

 
 








 













