



k찾혱bg.com









this site is dedicated to mobile amateur radio operators, old and new alike. whether you're into hf, or vhf operation, i trust the information presented will increase your enjoyment of our great hobby. 
with safety as a byword, there are articles on amplifiers, antennas, bonding, impedance matching, installing hardware, mobile equipment, noise and rfi abatement, wiring, and much more. i do my best to keep these articles up to date, and easy to follow. any changes are reflected in the date at the beginning of each article. 
the suggestions contained on this web site are based on a best foot forward approach,  and from my experience and needs. your experience and needs may be different. there are no warranties, expressed or implied, with any of the material presented in these pages.

this site uses cookies, but only to the extent to enhance the  visitors' experience. comments, suggestions, and emails from visitors are not kept, shared, or sold.
the companies, products, and urls listed on this web site are for the convenience of the reader, and are not personal endorsements. i am not paid or reimbursed for their appearance. the exclusion of any company or product is strictly coincidental. opinions expressed about any product appearing within, are mine alone, and are based on my direct knowledge and/or experience.      
it should  be noted, that manufacturers often change, upgrade, or discontinue models on a regular basis. their respective web sites, should always be perused, before any (new or used) buying decision is made.
the names, brands, model numbers, logos, features, and products appearing herein are registered trademarks and/or copyrights of their respective companies. the brands and models herein are shown for clarity, and may no longer be available from their respective manufacturers. the exclusion of recently introduced models is strictly coincidental.
the contents of this web site are copyrighted and protected by applicable laws. permission is granted to copy and/or reprint portions of this site up to 500 words, as long as the source is properly identified. larger excerpts require written authorization.    

      please e-mail questions, comments, or suggestions to:
k찾혱bg at arrl dot net
alan r. applegate
      roswell, new mexico
        
      please support the arrl
established april, 27, 2004    



































































