


rivahfest in essex county and tappahannock virginia























































sorry... no dogs are permitted in the rivahfest area... for the safety and convenience of all visitors - restrictions








rivahfest 


  saturday in june

      check times of each activity here




download the festival schedule  





click here to view short rivahfest videos































            welcome message from roy gladding, mayor of tappahannock

            welcome from sharon james and tim saunders, co-chairs





welcome to the tappahannock-essex county rivahfes, a fun community festival that will be held in downtown tappahannock  prince street. rivahfest will be even better than last year, when more than 12,000 visitors got a first-hand look at our community’s most outstanding features—and had fun doing it.  dozens of volunteers have been working for months to prepare for the june 18 event. and the best news of all is that entry to the rivahfest 2016 area is free - only a small charge for children's rides, and of course for food and drinks.

 “tappahannock deserves a great festival,” said 2016 steering committee co-chair tim saunders “it’s not only a source of community pride, it also promotes tourism and economic development.”


back by popular demand this year are a huge arts & crafts section now located on st. margaret's campus, children’s activities area, and an expanded merchants' market. two entertainment stages will feature a wide variety of performers, headlined by the legendary musical style of virginia's own mystic soul bubbas. opening the day on stage one will be wrar's revamped rivahfest idol with up to ten finalists followed by the cedarcreek band a past rivahfest favorite.

 there’s also a maritime area with boat displays and other nautical activities, an even bigger antique car display bringing car clubs from the northern neck and from the richmond area, and the taste of tappahannock food area, featuring local seafood and festival favorites.



one of the newer activities with an ever popular following is the cornhole tournament now relocated adjacent to the beer garden at water and prince street intersection. up to 32 teams will battle throughout the afternoon for the championship and prize money - online registration is available!


“there’s something for everyone--country, gospel, bluegrass, rock and soul.” "this year's lineup offers as always talented acts to entertain all afternoon at tappahannock rivahfest!" according to chris quann, in charge of main stage entertainment.

 from 3:30 until 7:30 pm, steve bassett and the mystic soul bubbas - the main stage will be rocking and grooving to the sounds of the the famed steve bassett, ammon tharpe with the mystic soul bubbas from richmond. steve bassett is the legendary southern rock and roll/blue eyed soul singer/songwriter, hammond b-3 player, and independent recording artist. his accomplishments include being the co-author of "sweet virginia breeze", southern soul music chart-topper. . 

check out the main stage lineup..... from 12:30 pm until 3:30 pm, cedar creek is a country music association group that has been wowing the crowd for many years. original country, top 40 country and classic rock stream the airwaves at each performance. voted top country band for numerous years in maryland and virginia, they have had 4 singles spun on small market radio, medium market radio, internet radio and overseas radio in the past 7 years which are "wind me up", "here's to you", "the jerk" and "defenseless" and each has won various awards for writing and/or air play.





 rivahfest offers merchants and community groups an outstanding opportunity to gain visibility, make sales or raise money, katherine newman noted. merchant’s market has been improved this year to accommodate displays by local businesses and organizations.  vendor applications are  being accepted for the arts & crafts area  (804-445-2065), taste of tappahannock food court (bruce thomas 804-443-4343), and  merchant's market (804-445-2065).  to ensure listing in the festival program, the deadline is april 15.  vendors can apply using easily downloaded forms from this web site or new this year online application.

 st. john's church will be the backdrop for gospel music featuring the eastern virginia christian music association with five bands slated to appear. in addition, event organizers are tackling the traffic challenges that rivahfest generates by providing satellite parking on both the north and south ends of the town limits this year - see map for location of shuttled parking areas.



rivahfest benefits from support by a score of local businesses that have encouraged their employees to serve on festival committees.  in addition to co-chairs sharon james and tim saunders, steering committee members are jeff james, joey reinhardt, david broad, rebecca hubert, chris quann and treasurer john clickener.

 additional committee chairs arts and crafts; phil stinchcomb, logistics and safety; katherine newman, promotions and advertising;  rebecca hubert, sponsorship; david broad, website and promo; joey reinhardt, publications; bruce thomas, taste of tappahannock;  jeff james, maritime area;  annette coleman, children’s activities; chris quann, entertainment;  sharon james, merchant's market;       peyton guest, antique car show; tim saunders, beer and wine garden, corey beazley, safety and security. 


	for more information, to volunteer or to suggest ideas, for this year or next year, please contact the respective committee chairs - these folks are the community leaders who are making this event happen and all your help and assistance is most welcome!  want to be part of rivahfest fun? volunteer your help online 

     commercial sponsors can be a stage sponsors or an event sponsor, or advertise in the rivahfest guide.  download the sponsorship agreement or  call rebecca hubert 804-443-8164 or shannon shogren 804-443-9381.

     in the main festival area, a marine events, display and services area will provide displays and river activities which will demonstrate our enjoyment of this beautiful riverfront community. 

     growing popularity each year has attracted many entries to the antique cars and hot-rod show on water lane between virginia street and wright street. over 120 antique vehicles make the annual pilgrimage to tappahannock rivahfest knowing that they can show off their restoration skills and have a entertaining afternoon visiting other activities in the festival.

taking advantage of tappahannock's heritage, visitors can take a self guided tour - the tappahannock walk and tour the historic locations of downtown tappahannock - all located within  a three by three block area - and led and narrated by a knowledgeable local resident.  the tour will include the customs house, taverns, debtors prison, courthouse, schools and churches and cover 200 years of history from the mid 1600's to the mid 1800's.







rivahfest activities







 two music stages 
	  choral groups
	  antique cars
	  duck decoys
	  crafters
	  seafood
	  crab race
	  beer garden
wine garden 
        antique tractors
      rivahfest idol



 




	horse & buggy rides
	clowns

	kids games
	face painting
	caricature
	puppet show
	balloons
	kids rides
	artists 
	 food vendors














where to eat in tappahannock












where to stay in tappahannock












check out pevious year rivahfest on facebook










 



locate any rivahfest web page by using the site map 








[click here to report a correction or new information for this web page]


































