




 


the international association of women police (iawp)



 





log in































 








 














home




about



about us



about the iawp




mission and vision




iawp strategic plan




iawp history







governance



constitution & policies




resolutions







membership



join iawp




fees & membership application




reduced membership fee countries




90-day trial membership




adopted officer program




adopted officer directory







iawp foundation



purpose / mission




policies




board of directors




grant funds




by-laws




donate







iawp projects



gender-responsive policing (grp)







organization structure



board of directors




regions and coordinators




committees




board of trustees




affiliates







corporate partnerships & sponsorships



corporate partnerships & sponsorships




corporate membership










conferences



future events




2025 glasgow, scotland




previous conferences







awards



annual recognition program




international recognition and scholarship




heritage award







resources



womenpolice magazine




mini surveys




media releases




career opportunities




iawp e-journal




publications of the iawp




reading room


























the international association of women police (iawp) is a global organization for women police officers and women in other criminal justice roles. our mission is to strengthen, unite and raise the capacity of women police around the world.
we represent the interests of policewomen internationally. our aim is to see a world where police reflect the diversity of the communities they serve and where human rights are protected.
we are committed to providing female police officers with a range of resources, networking opportunities and organization, helping promote women in law enforcement, corrections and other criminal justice professions.















 
upcoming events



2025 iawp annual conference glasgow, scotland (join waitlist to register)

monday, september 08, 2025 8:00 am
•
glasgow, scotland




















further linksprivacy policysitemap

contact usemail: iawp@iawp.org

follow us on social media



















 







© 2024 international association of women police. all rights reserved.the iawp and the iawp foundation are registered in the united states. the international association of women police, inc. (a professional association) and iawp foundation, inc. (a charitable and educational organization) are founded under the internal revenue service codes, 501(c)(6) and 501(c)(3) respectively.
 





















