























 
department of space studies | university of north dakota










 skip to main content



open menu

close menu

university of north dakota

open search

close search




university of north dakota

logins

email
blackboard
campus connection
employee self-service
aims
hawk central



info for

current students
alumni



calendar
directory
search


scope of this search:

aero.und.edu
all und sites



search
submit






john d. odegard school of aerospace sciences




john d. odegard school of aerospace sciences



about the college
academics
admissions
aerospace success center
research





menu
university of north dakota


about the college
academics
admissions
aerospace success center
research



request info
visit
apply
search



scope of this search:

aero.und.edu
all und sites



search
submit









request info
visit
apply







scope of this search:

aero.und.edu
all und sites



search
submit




 

john d. odegard school of aerospace sciences







home

space studies







skip section navigationspace studies

space studies
faculty & staffcurrent students
course schedule
orientation
assessment plan
colloquium series

what we offerresearchstudent info
admissions and applications
course registration and programs
online program
tuition and finances
courses






space studies
first and global leader in interdisciplinary graduate studies
gain unique and valuable educational experience, both for those seeking an advanced
                        degree and for those who wish to expand their breadth of knowledge.


apply now



our programs


space studies (m.s.)
prepare for a career in space with a broad-based approach that links engineering,
                                    science, and policy.



aerospace sciences (ph.d.)
be a part of the next generation of aerospace leaders overseeing cutting-edge breakthroughs
                                    in aviation and space.



space studies (minor)
reach for new horizons with a broad-based approach that links engineering, science,
                                    and policy.




what sets und's space studies department apart?

interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary space program, and oldest and largest in the
                           nation
distance education opportunities for current space professionals and educators
on-site human space flight analog
access to world-class researchers at a public university price
networking opportunities across a wide range of current space professionals



6
fields of space-related study


3.5 million
dollars in nasa-funded research


800+
alumni in space fields


32
years supporting the space industry

mission
to provide a professional and creative learning environment that fosters development
                        and advancement of the multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary fields of space studies.


stay connected!
history
open all sections

stay connected!(open this section)


stay connected!
stay connected to the department, university, current students, each other, staff,
                                    and faculty! it is our hope that you will contribute to this endeavor by taking a
                                    few moments to let us know how you are doing, as well as update us with your current
                                    employment status along with any additional information you are willing to share in
                                    the alumni directory. this information not only allows alumni to interact with each
                                    other, but it is also a beacon to show current and/or prospective students the spectrum
                                    of careers achieved by space studies graduates. we hope you will welcome this networking
                                    initiative as it is meant to serve as a professional benefit.
we encourage alumni to pass along possible internship positions, employment opportunities,
                                    conferences, or networking prospects in your region that might be of interest to our
                                    recently-graduated and/or current students. to do so, contact info@space.edu. in addition to using this alumni directory, we have set up an alumni email address to allow you to contact all of the alumni as one group.



history(open this section)


history
in the early 1980s, john d. odegard, the dean of the college of aerospace sciences,
                                    invited buzz aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, to come to und to help organize
                                    a space education program within the college.
read more






live stream



brochure
learn more about our programs by checking out our brochures.
view



department of space studies
4149 university avenue, stop 9008grand forks, nd 58202-9008p 701.777.2480info@space.edu


facebook


twitter


linkedin









recent news
more news

aerospace ph.d. candidate in antarcticaaerospace ph.d. candidate rachel jones is currently working in antarctica for the u.s. antarctica program. originally hired for the summer season at black island base station, rachel was asked to stay at mcmurdo station for the winter season which ends in mid-october. she will be the senior communication tech in charge of mcmurdo station communications […]2/3/202511:45amspace studies at major-minor+grad fairdr. crisman and ph.d. student rachel jones represented space studies at the und major-minor+grad fair held today at the memorial union.                              10/22/20243:10pmsaturn 1b rocket engine updateafter months of meticulous restoration, the saturn 1b rocket engine is on campus! it is the first artifact from the apollo program to arrive in north dakota. watch this page for an announcement about the grand reveal of its display! #spacestudies #und #undaerospace  10/10/202411:55amph.d. student’s amateur radio adventuresaerospace ph.d. student rachel jones is featured in the november issue of qst, the monthly membership magazine published by the american radio relay league (arrl). rachel was the ham radio operator for space studies’ first adventure expedition research and outreach (aero) crew led by dr. keith crisman. she completed a successful underwater ham radio call […]10/10/20249:38am 



eventsmore events








        we use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience.
      

        by clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us
        to set cookies, privacy information.
      


i agree


exit site
back to top








john d. odegard school of aerospace sciences


3980 campus rd stop 9007grand forks, nd 58202-9007

flyund@und.edu |  701.777.4934




youtube


instagram


facebook


twitter


linkedin







contact us
accreditation
aerostop




tech support
employment
make a gift









university of north dakota
© 2025 university of north dakota - grand forks, nd - member of nd university system
 accessibility & website feedbackterms of use & privacynotice of nondiscriminationstudent disclosure informationtitle ix










 ©

