











ananda meditation retreat - a place of deep inner silence











































































 





530-478-7557



search





		ananda	



				ananda meditation retreat			

a place of deep inner silence












menuhomeaboutour staffgetting hereour settingabout seclusionretreats & programskarma yogaaccommodationsretreat faqgroup reservationsdonate







 





find your place of peace
meditation and yoga retreats to cultivate your inner being
 
 
 














 




personal retreats 



a dedicated time for relaxation and rejuvenation; guided personal retreat also available. 








 




guided retreats 



with programs offered by yoga practitioners who are living the teachings they share. 








 




karma yoga 



serve and live in a spiritual environment for 2 weeks to 3 months. 












let inner stillness become second nature 



surrounded by 72 acres of beautiful meditation gardens and wild forest in northern california’s sierra foothills, the ananda meditation retreat is an ideal setting for a rejuvenating, inner experience.ananda meditation retreat is part of ananda worldwide – a global spiritual movement based on the teachings of paramhansa yogananda,  (author of the spiritual classic autobiography of a yogi), and dedicated to helping individuals live in joy through meditation, yoga philosophy, community, and selfless service. ananda was founded by swami kriyananda, a direct disciple of yogananda.ananda meditation retreat is located 6 miles from ananda village~ a spiritual community of over 200 residents, and the location of ananda’s main retreat center, the expanding light.    






learn more











 

 














as seen in… 







 







 







 














uplifting spaces 



both comfortable and quiet, accommodations range from spacious, secluded cabins to budget-friendly bungalows. shared housing and individual spaces are both available. 






learn more











 











a beautiful natural setting 



still your mind, open your heart, and rejuvenate your spirit in our beautiful meditation gardens and wild forest setting. 






learn more











 














coming up soon 











 







supported silent retreat 



march 13-16, 2025, april 3-6, 2025, april 24-27, 2025 



still your mind and rejuvenate your spirit in this supported silent retreat. our meditation gardens and wild forest setting provide the perfect backdrop for you to go deep into silence and re-connect with your true reality…..the soul’s ever-existing peace. 












view more upcoming retreats













 




subscribe to our newsletter



name*


first

name*


last

email address:*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ









explore ananda




what is ananda?

ananda is a worldwide movement to help you realize the joy of your own higher self. it is based on the teachings of paramhansa yogananda and was founded by his direct disciple swami kriyananda in 1968. learn more…



ananda meditation retreat
18443 macnab cypress road
nevada city, ca 95959
monday – friday, 9am – 5pm
meditationretreat@ananda.org
530-478-7557





retreats and classes

the expanding light (california)
ananda pune (india)
ananda assisi (italy)


online with anandavirtual community


around the world

ananda villageananda sangha europaananda indiaananda español

find ananda near you


products

crystal clarity publisherstreasures along the pathschools

living wisdom k – 12 schoolsthe education for life philosophy


support ananda

donateways to giveestate planning

 




copyright © ananda church of self-realization of nevada county 2025
® the joy symbol is a trademark registered by ananda sangha worldwide

terms of use
privacy policy


 

 
 





close


worldwide



ananda worldwide



find ananda near you



kriya yoga



online classes, events, and community



retreats in the u.s., italy, and india



books, music, talks, and more



our spiritual lineage



our spiritual directors







 


more from ananda


around the world

find ananda near you


ananda india


ananda sangha europa


virtual community



products

treasures along the path

schools

the education for life philosophy


living wisdom k – 12 schools


 


 
 


 
 
 






















































