


































































the muscatine journal | breaking news | | read muscatine, ia and iowa breaking news. get latest news, events and information on iowa sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















2°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state & regional



crime



politics



nation & world



business



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



guest/columnists



letters to the editor




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



comics



games & puzzles



play



faith



fashion



food



health



get healthy



home & garden



parenting



people



pets



travel




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



special sections


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



qc auto listings



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

qc autos









2°
cloudy
























        
        
            former republican state lawmaker announces he's running for iowa governor

the announcement sets up a potential primary challenge to incumbent gov. kim reynolds if she decides to run again. 

















        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa women’s basketball: dear ncaa selection committee …

the iowa women's basketball team saw its six-game winning streak come to an end in overtime against no. 9 ohio state on monday despite a spirited fourth-quarter comeback.

















        
        
            iowa state rewarded for winning streak with jump in week 16 ap poll

the cyclones are on a three-game winning streak with victories against tcu, ucf and cincinnati. 

















        
        
            tj otzelberger explains why iowa state basketball scheduled purdue

tj otzelberger knows exactly what he's getting with purdue. that's why he wanted the matchup.

















        
        
            college wrestling: uni sets attendance mark, pins iowa state

the panthers won seven of 10 matches, including national champion parker keckeisen's 50th consecutive win, a technical fall. 

















        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa men’s basketball: hawkeyes’ road woes return in second half

a second-half meltdown spoiled a promising upset bid for iowa men's basketball on the road against no. 25 maryland on sunday. the hawkeyes dropped to 5-9 in big ten action.

















        
        
            iowa supreme court rules applicants for scott county supervisor vacancy can't be kept secret

in a split decision, the iowa supreme court ruled in a dispute over whether applicants to a 2023 vacancy on the scott county board of supervisors should be made public. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            muscatine man arrested for enticement of a minor



















        
        
            muscatine neighbors: obituaries for february 17



















        
        
            muscatine neighbors: obituaries for february 16















                
                the latest



















        
        
            muscatine neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in the muscatine journal 












        
        
            brace for winds and snow in eastern iowa until sunday midday

a weather alert was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 6:53 a.m. for winds and snow until noon the alert is for quad cities area as well as jackson and clinton counties. 





















        
        
            muscatine neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in the muscatine journal 




















        
        
            update: extreme cold watch affecting eastern iowa tuesday

an updated extreme cold watch was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 8:50 p.m. valid for tuesday between midnight and noon. the watch is for quad cities area as well as buchanan, delaware, dubuque, benton, linn, jones, jackson, iowa, johnson, cedar, clinton and muscatine counties. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react




















        
        
            presidents' day protesters gather in opposition of the trump administration












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: northern iowa vs. iowa state wrestling, 2-16-25

northern iowa hosted iowa state at a sold-out mcleod center of more than 7,348 sunday. the largest crowd in mcleod center history. the panthers won seven of 10 matches to beat iowa state for the first time since the 2018-19 season.  





















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.












        
        
            qc high school scoreboard: feb. 16

illinois boys basketball 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            the impact of ai companions on traditional dating in iowa

affiliate content. discover how ai companions are reshaping traditional dating in iowa, influencing relationships, social norms, and expectations for intimacy.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            city of coralville



                                        po box 5127, coralville, ia 52241
                                    






















        
        
            illinois press ad



                                        2501 chatham road ste 200, springfield, il 62704
                                    






















        
        
            bi-state regional-waste commission



                                        1504 third ave, rock island, il 61201
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15






































×
















facebook





twitter







muscatinejournal.com

qctimes.com

hawkmania.com



sites & partners


obituaries

e-edition

weather

river levels

get healthy




services


contact us

customer service

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the muscatine journal, 301 e. 3rd st muscatine, ia 52761
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























