




































    
    sewing machines, supplies, training & repair - alko sewing
  
  













                  





     





 (440) 951-3435



     

sign up to receive our emails! click here




   
    home



  about us



  products



  repair



  sewing classes



  sales and new products



  sewing club



  contact us












    
 





         

sign up to receive our emails!




    alko sewing center 
  

   
your one-stop shop for sewing machines, sewing supplies, and friendly expert advice.

    ﻿we combine the best sewing products in the world with the knowledge and inspiration you need to make all your sewing dreams come true!



     
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button









    alko, the place to go when you love to sew!
 ﻿as regional
sewing experts, we are dedicated to providing you with world class products and service to meet all your sewing needs.   
      

  sewing machines
we carry a large section! stop by and let our experts help you find the right sewing machine for your needs.
  

read more →






    

  sewing machine repair
no matter how old, no matter what brand,  we will repair your machine and make it run like new again.
  

read more →






    

  sewing classes
whether you're a beginner, intermediate, or an advanced sewer why not improve your sewing skills?
  

read more →







     

  sewing club
have some fun and save on your sewing machine and supply purchases. join the club!
  

read more






    

  moda precut fabrics
create that scrappy, but coordinated look.  lake cakes, jelly rolls, charm packs and more.
  

read more






    

  the knowledge you need
get the latest info on products, software, sewing classes, sales, reminders, and more.  sign up now! 
  

sign up!












   we’re here to help you! we help sewing enthusiasts enjoy their craft to the fullest by providing a wide range of machines, expert service, plus classes and training to inspire you and give you confidence in every stitch you take.alko sewing center has been serving sewing enthusiasts in and around mentor, cleveland and northeast ohio for
over forty-five (45) years, establishing ourselves as an authority in the sewing field.  our customers rave about our service before, during and after the sale.perhaps your old faithful machine is in need of tlc? maybe you are looking for a new machine to fulfill your sewing dreams? we can help! alko is conveniently located and ready to serve all your sewing needs. our sewing machines and sergers are top quality and our service department is the best there is!
we service all makes and models.come in and see our full line of wonderful janome, brother, elna and handi quilter machines. whatever your passion for sewing, be it embroidery, heirloom, quilting, crafting, or garment sewing, we have models to choose from. we have machines for every level and style of sewing today. all in a
price range that fits your budget. just beginning to sew? great! we have quality machines at entry-level prices. concerned about learning how to use your new creative tool? not to worry; we offer
free, unlimited machine operation lessons with every new machine we sell. and don't forget, we have the best service department around to insure that your machine, old or new will always be there for you.

  




   not only are all new machines covered by the full manufacturer warranty,


when you buy your a machine at alko, you receive the alko extended warranty! 
 we offer our customers lots of extras at no charge!


        



 free unlimited machine operation lessons.



      



 free 2 year service & maintenance (includes cleaning, oiling & general tune-up)



      














 free 5 year labor warranty for repair of broken parts (does not include cleaning, oiling & general tune-up)





          












 guaranteed 1 year trade up policy (full credit toward regular priced machine. does not include sale items)



       








 free unlimited telephone assistance.



      











 advice from experienced sewing instructors.





    


 financing availablepay no interest for up
60 months!



     


“very pleasant visit. informative but not pushy. neat and organized environment. always overhauls my machine in a timely manner. highly recommend.” 
lynn pelka
   


“always a great selection and the best service out there!” 
anna kocher
   


“brought 2 machines in for service and was met promptly at the door by the gentleman to carry them for me....much to my relief! very nice people and very professional!!” 
debby krantz


    
      

  photo by: john doe
  

button






    

  birthday sparks
photo by: john doe
  

button






    

  fashion magazine
photo by: john doe
  

button






    

  blurred lines
photo by: john doe
  

button






    















            






  location
  7511 mentor ave.
mentor, oh 44060




      



  email
  info@alkosewing.com




       








  call
  440-951-3435






   
 the region's leading sewing supply and training center since 1973.
     

 

 

 





  navigation
     home



  about us



  products



  contact us






  services
     sewing classes



  sewing club



  sales and new products






  store  hours
  mon - fri
 10:00 am 
- 6:00 pm


 saturday
 10:00 am 
- 2:00 pm


 sunday
closed






     © 2025 
all rights reserved | alko sewing



















































































































  
  share by:








