     sarasota ford car dealership in florida                              

                                               sarasota ford        call us 888-349-4989              707 south washington blvdsarasota, fl 34236                              service        map        contact                       sarasota ford               call 888-349-4989   directions                       new   search inventory   ev - all electric   707 performance - lifted & custom vehicles   manufacturer specials   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   get your credit score   walkthrough videos   ford protect   custom-lifted ford f-250 for sale   ford f150 for sale sarasota | certified pre-owned trucks   lifted trucks for sale in florida at sarasota ford   fully custom lifted custom ford trucks | our speciality     used   used inventory   vehicles under $20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   used car specials   certified pre-owned overview   carfax 1-owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     commercial   commercial   shop ford commercial trucks & vans   value your trade   apply for credit   schedule service      specials   used cars specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   regional incentives   ford pickup & delivery     service & parts   schedule service   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service request   service & parts specials   service department   service appointment   quick lane®   oil change services   battery service advice   brake service advice   tire care advice   general service advice   parts brand   order parts   tires   fordpass     finance   apply for credit   get your credit score   finance department   payment calculator   ford axzd plans   trade appraisal   mobile service   finance application   get pre-qualified   section 179 deduction     about   accessibility statement   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   sarasota ford promise   why choose sarasota ford   triple crown award winner   tour our facility   our community stories   our blog   quick lane   ford dealer in florida   lifted trucks for sale tampa     contact   contact us   hours & directions   share feedback with the owner   privacy policy     research   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford edge   2024 ford escape   2024 ford expedition   2024 ford explorer   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford super duty   2023 ford edge   2023 ford escape   2023 ford explorer   2023 ford f-150   2023 ford super duty   2024 ford maverick   dealer tips   walkthrough videos                     home   new   search inventory   ev - all electric   707 performance - lifted & custom vehicles   manufacturer specials   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   get your credit score   walkthrough videos   ford protect   custom-lifted ford f-250 for sale   ford f150 for sale sarasota | certified pre-owned trucks   lifted trucks for sale in florida at sarasota ford   fully custom lifted custom ford trucks | our speciality     used   used inventory   vehicles under $20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   used car specials   certified pre-owned overview   carfax 1-owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     commercial   commercial   shop ford commercial trucks & vans   value your trade   apply for credit   schedule service      specials   used cars specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   regional incentives   ford pickup & delivery     service & parts   schedule service   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service request   service & parts specials   service department   service appointment   quick lane®   oil change services   battery service advice   brake service advice   tire care advice   general service advice   parts brand   order parts   tires   fordpass     finance   apply for credit   get your credit score   finance department   payment calculator   ford axzd plans   trade appraisal   mobile service   finance application   get pre-qualified   section 179 deduction     about   accessibility statement   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   sarasota ford promise   why choose sarasota ford   triple crown award winner   tour our facility   our community stories   our blog   quick lane   ford dealer in florida   lifted trucks for sale tampa     contact   contact us   hours & directions   share feedback with the owner   privacy policy     research   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford edge   2024 ford escape   2024 ford expedition   2024 ford explorer   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford super duty   2023 ford edge   2023 ford escape   2023 ford explorer   2023 ford f-150   2023 ford super duty   2024 ford maverick   dealer tips   walkthrough videos                  










852 vehicles available
inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






                                                                                                                                    disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                         








schedule service
schedule now










sell your car
value your trade







      search new inventory     search used inventory            something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels           





schedule service
schedule service







schedule test drive
schedule test drive







certified pre-owned
search certified




     




ford f-150s in sarasota, florida
providing the foundation for available best-in-class payload, the ford f-150 gives you the ability to haul what you need for work and for play. with the only high-strength, military-grade, aluminum-alloy body and high-strength steel frame in its class, the ford f-150 makes tough tasks look easy, whether you’re on the job or out on a weekend getaway.





search new f-150
search used f-150






      

quality vehicle services
certified vehicle service experts can help
we made your ford the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. sarasota ford technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule vehicle services

       



sarasota, florida ford car dealer

choosing where you shop for your next vehicle can be a very important decision. if you want your auto needs met in a way that works for you, then look no further than us for trusted car dealerships in sarasota, fl. sarasota ford is a reputable source for automotive and a surefire way to get what you need without any hassle. by adapting to the needs, schedules, and budget of our clients, we deliver an experience that will be sure to save you both time and money.
our ford dealership near you has been operating with integrity for many years now. our dedication during that time has remained unchanged. the level of versatility that we offer has left many of our previous customers satisfied with our ford dealers in sarasota. regardless of whether you need pre-owned or even new custom trucks for sale, there won’t have to be any concerns about finding the right vehicle. however, you don’t have to just take our word for it, our ford dealership near you is always ready for you to come and visit us!
new inventory & ford lease deals in sarasota
when it comes to the latest models from ford, it’s no secret that they’re some of the most advanced and modern to date. with so many excellent benefits to owning a new car with improved efficiency, features, and capability, finding one may be on your to-do list. our car dealership in sarasota, fl, has a plethora of all the latest models that you could want waiting for you on our lot. from eco-friendly crossovers to powerful new ford trucks for sale, there is no shortage of options when you make us your source. our ford truck dealers near you are even proud to offer all the latest models, including the iconic f-150. for decades now, the f-150 has been a solid choice for those seeking a rugged pickup that can perform on the job site. despite being an all-around great pickup, you might be looking for something more suitable to your sense of style or individual tastes.
our ford dealership near you not only has affordable base models, but we also carry plenty of new custom ford trucks. for instance, the raptor model features upgraded shocks that give you variable compression dampening. however, since you’re an individual with your own sense of style, there will be numerous trims and packages to choose from with these new models. in total, there are 16 different appearance packages you can tweak to find out which one has everything you’ve been looking for in a pickup. on top of this, our ford truck dealers near you are always offering incentives when financing and lease deals for qualified customers. with so many excellent trucks and great deals on the horizon, it makes sense to want to stop by and scope out all the latest models. if new lifted trucks for sale have been on your mind for a while now, we want to help you track down the right one!
used cars for sale in florida
here at our car dealerships in sarasota, fl, we understand that all our clients have different needs. just because some of our clients can afford to get themselves behind the wheel of a new vehicle doesn’t mean that’s a reality for everyone. buying a used ford truck can be a smart financial move when you make sure to work with the right people. avoiding the hassle and potential risks of getting yourself a pre-owned vehicle is as simple as swinging by our florida ford dealers! clients will find an immense selection of sarasota used ford trucks that won’t break the bank. we keep our rates as competitive as we can. you don’t have to worry about paying too much just to get into a car that runs great. there are even plenty of used cars for sale in florida for under $15,000 waiting for you on our lot! despite having prices that can fit into just about any person’s budget, you might be stuck wondering about dependability. 
it may seem risky to purchase pre-owned vehicles from some used car dealerships in tampa, but not with us! we go through the extensive process of inspecting the powertrain of all our sarasota used ford trucks. since our team of technicians has been training directly by ford, you can rest assured that they have the qualifications and expertise needed to ensure they run the way they should. 
an inspection helps our clients shop with confidence. it’s essential to learn as much about a vehicle as you can before making your final decision. service records can be an important thing to look into considering it can grant a good deal of insight into the longevity of used trucks for sale in bradenton, fl. as well as this, finding out about previous accidents could be a red flag to a lot of other shoppers. since we believe in total transparency at our used ford dealership near you, we provide a free history report with any of our vehicles. no longer will you have to look around for affordable options hoping that you get something that runs optimally. when you shop at our used car lots in sarasota, you can say goodbye to having to gamble just to find an affordable deal! our ford dealership even offers plenty of great used car specials regularly, so be sure to check our website for deals on top of our everyday low prices.
customized and lifted trucks if you are looking for lifted trucks, or want to get high-quality, customized truck work done, sarasota ford can do this for you. we have a complete team of 707 expert performance personnel ready to take your truck to the next level. from lift kits, to upgraded suspension, or custom body work - we have you covered.

 
ford service center & ford oem parts
have you found your ideal vehicle at our car dealerships in sarasota, fl? if you’re already happy with your current car, truck, or suv or just bought a new one, keeping up with maintenance can be critical. avoiding even the simplest of maintenance, such as an oil change, could lead you to face dire consequences later. it makes sense to want to get the most out of something that you’ve paid thousands for, which is why you should take it to your closes ford dealership. going through independent mechanics can seem treacherous and end up making a situation worse. however, you can expect the service and expertise you deserve here at our ford dealership in sarasota! our location is home to a dedicated service center ready to help you with whatever you may need. from transmission repairs to simple ford service in sarasota, we have the training and tools to get any task completed.
our ford service center is operated by a team of skilled technicians that have all been trained directly by the manufacturer. on top of this, we receive all the latest resources and tools from the manufacturer before many other people. if you’re seeking ford service in sarasota, you can bet that we’ll make it a fast, simple, and painless process. clients can even schedule an appointment with our specialists right from our website in a matter of seconds at any time of the day. the fact our ford dealership stays open 7 days a week means that your chaotic schedule won’t need to stand in your way. 
another aspect that sets us apart from many other mechanics you may visit is that we exclusively use ford oem parts. unlike aftermarket components, these parts are designed to work specifically with your vehicle and are made by the manufacturer. clients can even order genuine ford parts online to get the job done themselves if they wish! whether shopping for ford lease deals in sarasota or servicing your current vehicle, we’re standing by to help you. feel free to schedule an appointment with our ford collision center or stop by to see us today! 
ford financial services
the most daunting part of getting into the right car can be the process of financing or leasing your next car. our car dealerships in sarasota, fl, believe that getting the options you deserve shouldn’t result in a massive headache. fortunately, you can expect our ford finance center to adapt to your specific needs and make it a breeze to get into your next vehicle. we work directly through ford financial services to find you the flexible options you deserve. we try our hardest for you to avoid any frustration. even those interested in leasing a vehicle through ford motor credit will find no problem finding themselves a monthly payment that fits into their unique situation.
our ford dealership is committed to streamlining and simplifying the process of getting behind the wheel of your ideal vehicle. for example, you might be curious about what your budget will be when it comes to financing with us. although you can work directly with our ford finance center to determine all your options, we also let you apply for a loan right on our website. after you fill out our secure credit application, we can let you know all the various conditions of your loan, such as the amount, your apr, and any other vital information. once you know what to expect before coming to our car dealerships in sarasota, fl, you can spend significantly less time filling out paperwork.
financing or leasing shouldn’t be a difficult task that results in a headache, so why bother making it that way? with the help of our car dealerships near st. petersburg, fl, you can have a positive experience that helps you avoid wasting your precious free time. regardless of your automotive needs, you can have them met when you choose sarasota ford as your source. instead of hesitating, be sure to come and see our tampa ford truck dealers today!
experience the best restaurant in sarasota at le mans kitchen
indulge in a truly unforgettable dining experience at le mans kitchen, a revolutionary concept located inside sarasota ford. born from the spirit of ford's historic 1-2-3 finish at the 1966 24 hours of le mans race, this michelin star-level restaurant transports you to a french café, breaking the rules on what to expect from a car dealership. come experience one of the best restaurants in sarasota, fl. 



more about us




     







sales hours




    monday 8:30am - 7:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 6:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 5:00pm    





service hours




    monday 7:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed    





quick lane hours




    monday 7:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    





parts hours




    monday 8:00am - 5:30pm     tuesday 8:00am - 5:30pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:30pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:30pm    friday 8:00am - 5:30pm    saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed    





truck shop hours







 monday
7:00am - 7:00pm


 tuesday
7:00am - 7:00pm


 wednesday
7:00am - 7:00pm


 thursday
7:00am - 7:00pm


 friday
7:00am - 7:00pm


 saturday
8:00am - 5:00pm


 sunday
closed










     



follow us on social media


                  


         although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures sarasota ford | 707 south washington blvd, sarasota, fl 34236 | call us: 888-349-4989 |                




















hours
service







hours of operation:





sales hours



    monday 8:30am - 7:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 6:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 5:00pm    




service hours



    monday 7:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed    




parts hours



    monday 8:00am - 5:30pm     tuesday 8:00am - 5:30pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:30pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:30pm    friday 8:00am - 5:30pm    saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed    




quick lane hours



    monday 7:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    











              