






e.c.g.c east coast ghosthunters club


















 


























e.c.g.c east coast ghosthunters club






















home



club background



pictures



investigations



ghost stories



upcoming events



related links



contact us



awards

































hello, we are e.c.g.c. east coast ghosthunters club. we do investigations
                                    in the paranormal and psychical research field. our main goal is to try to prove that life after death is real. our club is
                                    currently doing investigations and taking requests, to investigate suspected hauntings of homes and businesses. we have had
                                    many opportunities to investigate and many hours in the field ,researching and studying this unknown area. for some people
                                    that live with hauntings we would like to help them by doing an investigation and helping them validate what they know to
                                    be true. 


on this web site, we will introduce our club and give examples
                                    of our work. here we will post some of our pictures we have taken from our investigations and ghost stories. also
                                    let you know where we will be going next and what we have found. we also would like to give you the opportunity to contact
                                    us if you want an investigation or if you would like to join our club. be sure to get in touch to offer comments. 


if you would like to submit a picture for us to post on the site.
                                    or if you have a story to share.  please e-mail it to nancym2000@yahoo.com . with a brief description of what you have captured,
                                    and, or what was going on at the time. keep sending we love to see what you discover.


all pictures on this site are owned by ecgc east coast ghosthunters
                                    club. and may not be used on any other web site without written permission.





















face in window





taken on an investigtion






view my guestbook
sign my guestbook



div align="center">





join the mailing list
enter
                                    your name and email address:
name: 
email:  
subscribe      unsubscribe






 








choose a rating
                                    

5
                                    6
                                    7
                                    8
                                    9
                                    10
                                    




we have investigators from many different states, if you need
                                    help i am sure we can find someone close to you. look on our contact link. we also know many others groups for you to
                                    get in touch with. we are all here to help you with your paranormal experiences.













































































