

prop replicas by indy magnoli









































 




 i have been making historic props and replicas since the early 90's. among my favourite replicas are those from the indiana jones series of films and books. below is a list of replicas that i have made for myself. please browse through the site and feel free to e-mail me with any questions or comments. please do not ask me to sell any of my indy props. these are for my personal collection only. 











 
  visit my cafepress
  indyprops shop:

 
visit our shops and channels:


 
 this page will show various projects as they progress. 
  click on the "coming soon" logo for pictures and information.



        visit magnoli clothiers for the best in custom tailored vintage-style clothing, adventure wear and gear. 


 
click on the pictures below for detailed pages of each item.






 


 





 indiana 
          jones' diary

          using the same techniques from my grail diary replica, this journal 
          contains indiana jones' life story from 1908-1951 and has tons of drawing 
          and inserts. bound in leather with a professionally embossed cover, 
          this replica is the ultimate indiana jones piece! 

 
indiana 
          jones' passport, circa 1934 

          this accurate reproduction of a 1930s era us passport follows indy's 
          travels from 1934 through 1938 including authentically replicated visa 
          stamps.




young 
          indiana jones' passport 

          tracing indy's adventures from his spring break in mexico through his 
          enlistment into the belgian army, this 1916 passport replica was based 
          directly on actual pre-war passports.




 treasure 
          map to the peacock's eye

found by indy & remy just before the end of the war, this map 
          points the way to alexander the great's huge diamond, the eye of the 
          peacock. it would take indy sixteen years to find the diamond again... 
          only to lose it in lao che's club obi-wan. 



reproduction photographs

these photographs show the various friends, family and influences 
          in indy's life.






indy's 
          diary inserts 

thirty-nine different inserts are in my indiana jones diary, 
          including seven replica photographs and many pieces replicated from 
          actual film props or historic documents. 
  






golden 
          idol of fertility

          one of the most recognizable artifacts from the indiana jones trilogy, 
          the golden idol is reproduced as a highly detailed casting finished 
          in three forms: genuine 24kt gold, real gold leaf, and a spray-painted 
        stunt version.


ark 
          of the covenant

          this is a 1:4 scale model of the ark of the covenant, cast in resin 
          and plated in real 24kt gold. polished brass rings hold the wooden poles 
          in place, which are covered in a custom-printed cloth.




headpiece 
          to the staff of ra

          cast in solid bronze, decorated with genuine austrian crystals and mounted 
          on a custom brass fitting, this reproduction of the ra headpiece looks 
          like it belongs in a museum!





nazi headpiece to the staff of ra

          after toht burned his hand on the original headpiece, the nazis were able to cast a rough copy of the artifact to locate the ark.
cast in zinc alloy and fitted with the same austrian crystals as above, this unique prop replica can be mounted to a staff using custom machined steel fittings.




indy's 
          pocket knife

          one of the contents of indy's satchel, this top quality pocket knife 
          is made in solingen, germany of stainless steel, nickel-silver and genuine 
          stag horn. 




raider's map to the chachapoyan temple

          this map is seen briefly in the beginning of raiders. it leads indy 
          directly to the chachapoyan temple that houses the golden idol of fertility.





artifacts from tec'na'al

          when indy returns to marshall college, he hands marcus these two fragments, 
          worth at least the price of a ticket to marrakesh.





raider's sandbag

          this sandbag was indy's only hope of getting the fertility idol out 
          of the chachapoyan temple without setting off any booby traps. 






belloq's passport

          when belloq joined the nazis to further his archaeological agenda, they 
          gave him this german passport. this replica is carefully reproduced 
          from genuine wwii nazi passports using vintage-style fonts and several 
          custom-made stamps.



indy's 
          bible page 

          when government agents ask what the ark of the covenant looks like, 
          indy shows them this page from an old dutch bible. 




raider's 
          journal

          one of the items found in indy's satchel in raiders is this field journal. 
          i have made this replica as a blank journal, which i use as a field 
          diary.




archaeological 
          review article

          this article, from a fictional archaeology journal, describes indy's 
          exploits during raiders of the lost ark, his successes and his failures.





raiders torch

          without these torches, indy and sallah would have been in the dark in 
          the wells of the souls. made out of wood and twine, these torches are 
          fully functional replicas.





toht's coat hanger

          no nazi agent would be caught dead without this collapsable travel hanger. 
          this hand-made replica is a fully functional hanger, made of metal and 
          hard rubber.




china clipper ticket

this ticket is an exact reproduction of a 1930's pan am 
          ticket for the famous "flying boat" that indy flew in from 
          san francisco.




toht's life magazine

          toht passes his time on the long clipper flight by reading this edition 
          of life magazine. replicated here as a one-sheet cover and a full blank 
          magazine.




u.s. intel's german communique report

          when the u.s. department of intellegence intercepted a german communique 
          that mentioned abner ravenwood and the staff of ra, this memo was sent 
          to two officials, who eventually sought the help of one prof. indiana 
          jones.




belloq's floorplan to the map room

          after getting toht's copy of the headpiece, belloq incorrectly located 
          the well of the souls with the help of his drawings of the tanis map 
          room. 

 



 
lao 
          che's diamond 

          a large fight broke out in club obi-wan over a bag of coins, a jade 
          urn, a bottle of antidote and this large diamond, possibly alexander 
          the great's "eye of the peacock". 




lao che's gold coins 

cast from one of the original prop coins, these replicas are held in a grey leather pouch made to the specifications of the screen-used bag.



 
sankara 
          stones (sivalinga) 

          jones' object of quest for the second film were these three sankara 
          stones, the sivalinga of hindu religion. these prop replicas are cast 
          in plaster, painted and carefully finished to match the original props.



sankara 
          sanksrit manuscripts 

          this is a set of three manuscripts showing the hindu priest's ascent 
          to meet shiva and obtain the five sivalinga stones. the centre piece 
          was featured in the temple of doom, while the other two were designed 
          by me.



indiana jones voodoo doll

          the best way the thugee could think of hurting the hero of the story 
          was by using black magic and this voodoo doll. the body is hand-sewn 
          and stuffed, the head and hat are carved wood, and the jacket is real 
          leather. the entire piece is aged and even has a plaited, cloth whip.



archaeological 
          review article

          this article, from a fictional archaeology journal, describes indy's 
          exploits during temple of doom and an exhibition of hindu artifacts.








 henry 
          jones sr.'s grail diary

          this version of one of the most unique props in film history has been 
          reproduced as a fictional account of henry jones' search for the holy 
          grail. although it incorprates all the pages from the original prop, 
          it reads as a complete story, from henry's inspiration to begin his 
          quest to the fulfillment of his life-long goal. 




grail diary prop replica
this version of the grail diary is an exact reproduction 
          of the hero prop, including repeating pages, taped-in pages, all the 
          inserts and even a cue card page for harrison ford.




the cross of coronado

          this reproduction is cast in a pewter alloy, brass plated, decorated 
          with custom-cut inlays, genuine freshwater pearls and blue lace agate 
          cabocons, carefully hand-painted and antiqued using several different 
          methods. it belongs in a museum!




ceramic holy grail

          the object of henry's life-long quest was the cup of christ, the holy 
          grail. just like the original prop, this replica is hand-thrown on a 
          potter's wheel, painted and covered in gold leaf, and aged to look like 
          a two-thousand year old chalice.



grail 
          tablet

          unearthed in ankara, turkey, this 12th century tablet gives cryptic 
          clues to the final resting place of the holy grail. i've also recreated 
          the missing top portion, which pinpoints the city of alexandretta.



medieval grail knight painting
          
          hung on henry's wall is this medieval painting showing the third trial 
          on the path to the holy grail, the leap from the lion's head. this replica 
          is completely hand painted with gold leaf highlights and mounted on 
          an aged board, scarred in all the right places.



 medieval 
          crucifixion painting

          another work of art that adorns herny's cluttered house, this medieval 
          painting is accurately replicated by using a print as the centre piece, 
          mounted on a central board, detailed in red and gold, and bordered with 
        a hand-cut, stained and aged frame. 



indy's desk magnifying glass

          sitting amongst indy's scattered papers, books and artifacts upon his 
          desk is this old fashioned brass magnifying glass. this reproduction 
          is both screen accurate and very practical with a quality 4" lens.




henry jones sr.'s passport

          issued in 1934, this passport replica contains henry's travels from 
          the states to venice and germany in search of the holy grail.






henry jones' travel document

          based on the original seen in the film, this german travel document 
          allowed henry to carry on research in germany without seeking employement.



nazi 
          wanted flyer

          based on the travel document above, this flyer details henry jones' 
          sr.'s terrible crimes against nazi germany. 



henry 
          jones' i.d. card

          this is a vintage-looking i.d. card of "atilla the professor", 
          the one the kids hope they don't get!





indy wanted flyer

          modeled after the original henry flyer prop, this wanted sheet has a 
          photo of indy with all his crimes against nazi germany detailed in german.



indy's 
          i.d. card and driver's license 

          this identification card, issued by barnett college where indy teaches, 
          contains all the accurate information given in the last crusade. indy's 1938 driver's license is based on actual vintage documents of the period.
          



zeppelin ticket

          for indy and henry the quickest way out of germany was by zeppelin. 
          this replica ticket, based on actual zeppelin tickets, is a full sheet, 
          folded in half, just like the original props. it is entirely filled 
          out and makes a great diary insert.


nazi 
          telegram to donovan

          a nazi soldier hands donovan this telegram from hitler informing him 
          to "eliminate the american conspirators".




archaeological review article

          this article, from a fictional archaeology journal, describes the exploits 
          of father and son during the last crusade as well as several christian 
          artifacts, including the cross of coronado and the chalice 
          of antioch. 






grail diary inserts

          this page shows all the various inserts i made for my diary.




 grail 
          tablet rubbing

          this rubbing is made with wax on thin paper. it can be easily folded 
          (just like the original prop) and tucked away in the grail 
        diary.
 






xi'an 
          warriors of qin shihuang

          when the first emperor of china was buried in his large mausoleum, surrounding 
          him were vast trenches filled with terra-cotta soldiers, horses and 
          war carts. here are four examples of the famous archaeological discovery.

 



 atlantean 
          medallion

          this ancient medallion contains the lifeforce of one of the elders of 
          atlantis, nur-ab-sal. it is here replicated in resin, painted in several 
          layers of enamel and acrylic paint, giving it the appearance of a tarnished 
          copper relic.

 
national archaeology magazine
 
        featuring an article on one of indy's digs in iceland, this vintage-style periodical is realistically aged using several techniques.





 atlantean horned idol

          inspired by the horned idols seen in the computer game and comic book 
          series, indiana jones and the fate of atlantis, i plan to make this 
          replica in several finishes including aged wood and tarnished copper. 
          a unique addition to my indiana jones prop replica collection.


 

the spear of destiny 
 
          also called the holy lance (die heilige lanze), this all metal spear is an accurate reproduction of the weapon used by the roman centurion longinus to pierce the heart of christ at the crucifixion.




the 
          great chalice of antioch

          this is the only replica of this great christian artefact available 
          to the public. believed by many to be the authentic holy grail, this 
          museum-quality reproduction comes in several precious metals including 
          pewter, 24k gold plated bronze, to pure silver.




 the 
          shroud of turin

          the cloth in which our lord was buried is reproduced here as a cropped 
          portrait on canvas or linen. based closely on images of the original 
          shroud, this hand-painted replica is pefect for framing.




the 
          scourging whip

          this three-thonged whip, called a flagrum in latin, was used to scourge 
          christ before he began the long walk to calvary to be crucified.




the crown of thorns

          mocking christ, a roman soldier platted a crown of thorns and placed 
          it on his head. this full sized reproduction is based on the evidence 
          seen on the shroud of turin that the crown was more of a cap than a 
          wreath. also available is the traditional wreath design as seen in mel 
          gibson's the passion of the christ.

crucifixion nails
 
        after being led up to mt. calvary, christ was laid upon a large wooden cross and nails were hammered into his hands and feet. replicated here as full-sized reproductions, these nails are treated with a special patina to give them the appearance of ancient iron relics.



30 pieces of silver

the price paid for the betrayal of judas were these thirty silver shekels. cast in metal, plated and antiqued these reproductions look and feel like genuine ancient coins. 




 the 
              dead sea scrolls

          this scrap represents a small sample of the many scrolls found in the 
        dead sea region of the holy land.




crucifixion 
              title: "inri"

          pontius pilate put up this sign above the cross stating the crime for 
        which christ was crucified: jesus of nazareth, king of the jews.






 
 thror's 
          map

          this is a detailed copy of the map from the hobbit, hand-drawn on canvas, 
          completely transliterating into tolkien's runes. when held up to the 
          light, the mystic moon runes appear, hand painted on the canvas.

           smaug horde coins 

cast from three original prop coins used in the desolation of smaug, these highly detailed coin replicas are cast in a weighty zinc alloy, then gold plated for a brilliant shine. 
   
 the red book of westmarch 
 
          this legendary volume contains the entire story of the hobbit and the lord of the rings, in the words and hands of bilbo and frodo baggins. bound in red leather with silver foiled accents, this reproduction contains dozens of high quality drawings, several maps and is entirely aged to give the appearance of an ancient journal.



bilbo's 
          red book journal

          this blank journal is based on bilbo's red book in which he wrote the 
          hobbit and then passed on to frodo to complete the lord of the rings. 
          it has a genuine red leather cover embossed with elvish designs, silver 
          foiled with a star and bilbo's initials, and contains three hundred 
          blank pages.


thror's 
          map (from fellowship of the rings) 

          this map is an exact replica of the prop seen in bilbo's study in the 
          fellowship of the rings. it is printed on specially aged parchment and 
          mounted on an aged rimu frame.



 bilbo's maps

these maps, drawn by bilbo as a record of his various travels and favourite walks, are inked in brown and red and carefully aged using several techniques.





 isildur's scroll (from fellowship 
          of the rings) 

          this scroll, written in isildur's own hand, is a description of the 
          ring he took from the finger of sauron. on the bottom of the sheet is 
          a copy of the inscription upon the ring.







map of middle earth

          another highly detailed map from tolkien's middle earth, this replica was drawn and illustrated by hand using traditional dip-pens, realistically aged and looks great framed.



ring inscription shield

          this antique-looking shield is entirely hand-carved and aged to perfection. 
          around the lower ring is tolkien's ring inscription, ending at the top 
          of the crest where is carved a representation of the ring itself. in 
          the centre of the lower ring is a carved eye, with a hand-cut faux-crystal 
          in the centre. 






 
cancer 
          man's morley cigarettes

          the only brand that the cigarette-smoking man touches is morley. replicated 
          from images of the original props, this cigarette box is one of the 
          most unique pieces of x-files memorabilia.




mulder's spitz sunflower seeds

          another fictional brand created for the show, spitz sunflower seeds 
          are mulder's favourites. carefully replicated from an original prop, 
          this is certainly a "for-serious-fans-only" reproduction.



 
 



aztec 
          curse coin

          after a group of caribbean-based pirates plunder a cursed horde of aztec 
          coins, they are forced to wander the seas in search of every last one 
          to remove the curse. 


         
jack sparrow's bandana and ring 

one of captain jack's trademarks is this unique red bandana. direct from the manufacturer of the original costume piece, this bandana is 100% accurate in every way. available in two color combinations, both used in the films. also shown here is one of jack's unique rings. 



davy jones' key sketch & royal pardon document

          this old, stained cloth shows a drawing of the key that opens davy jones' "dead man's chest". also replicated here in great detail is the royal pardon offered by lord becket.




one-eyed willy's treasure map 

one of the most classic treasure maps in film history, the goonies map is instantly recognizable by movie fans. reproduced here in great detail, using several aging methods, this version has all the details of the hero prop, often neglected by other replicators. 


spanish doubloon
 
        cast in metal and carefully antiqued, this coin is an exact reproduction of the prop which leads the goonies to the discovery of the secret passage and eventually to one-eyed willy's treasure. also shown here are some of one-eyed willy's treasure coins, cast from an original prop.
        



"copper bones" and chester copperpot's wallet 

this "key" to one-eyed willy's treasure was found by chester copperpot, but the quest was completed by a group of intrepid youngsters knows as the goonies. along with the "copper bones", mikey found copperpot's wallet, replicated here with a few vintage items.





 
 marty mcfly's warning to doc brown
before marty returns back to the future, he writes doc a letter, warning him of events in the future. replicated here are both the 1955 "clean" version and the 1985 "aged" version.



 
time bandits map

          from the cult classic film time bandits, this large canvas map shows the locations of various portals through which one can travel through time and space.



 
the declaration of independence
 
          the most famous document in american history is replicated here in full size, carefully aged by hand. this national treasure even has a few surprises hidden on the back of its old parchment. 





 
masonic medallion

various imagery on this ancient medallion represent the intertwined history of the freemasons, knights templar and founding fathers of the united states.
 

           leather carrying tube for the declaration of independence

          this high-quality leather document tube is the perfect companion for a declaration of independence replica, but is also a fully functional and practical carrying tube.






          casablanca replicas

          i've created a replica of richard blaine's passport as well as several 
          prop replicas from the film, including ilsa's water-stained good-bye 
          letter.




elwood blues' drivers license
 
        based on an original prop, this 1972 era illinois drivers license shows one of the blues brothers, elwood blues. 
 
custom 
          passport replicas

          these hand-made passports are the perfect companion to any film or historic 
          memorabilia. passports can be made from several eras and countries, 
          with a choice of visa stamps from over thirty locations. great for re-enactors 
          or to compliment any historic costume.



1960s 
          era british passport

          both james bond and john lennon would have carried a passport like this 
          one during their travels. carefully recreated from vintage passports, 
          this reproduction is complete with 32 pages, custom-printed paper and 
          authenticating stamps.



jason bourne's passports & ids
robert ludlum's bourne identity follows the quest of jason bourne to restore his lost memory after a traumatic injury. copied from several modern passports, these replicas show matt damon as bourne following his travels across asia and europe before he is washed up in the mediterranean. 

 
macgyver's passport
based on the us passport from the 1980s, this prop replica follows macgyver's travels from the beginning of the first season (1985) all the way to the last movie made in 1994. 




generic 
          international passport

          this passport is based loosely on the modern u.s. passport, but modified 
          into a generic international passport suitable for customizing. this 
          prop is perfect for film, television or stage use when permission to 
          use genuine passports or likenesses is not easily or quickly available. 
          



micronational passport
 
          give your micronation a sense of true sovereignty with an official looking passport. completely customizable and enclosed in a genuine gold or silver foil cardstock cover.




mexican passport

this passport is based on the now-defunt modern mexican passport. made for a film documentary, this passport has a linen-textured cover with gold foil accents, micro-printed background paper and custom-made stamps and visas.



sherlock 
          holmes' passport

in the 1940s, basil rathbone starred in several sherlock 
          holmes movies, leaving an indelible mark on the minds of movie-goers. 
          this passport is based on these modernized versions of doyle's famous 
          detective. based on vintage british passports of world war ii, this 
          replica is full of visas from around the world.




sherlock 
          holmes: the hound of the baskervilles document

          in sir arthur conan doyle's novel, sherlock holmes is given this eighteenth 
          century document to read telling the legend of the hound of the baskervilles 
          that terrorises the english countryside and which leads him on one of 
          this most famous cases.



 charlie chan's passport
known for his whit and use of chinese proverbs, detective charlie chan spent much of his time away from his official job in honolulu. this passport replica features warner oland as the famous detective and chronicles his adventures around the world. 
 
mr. moto's passport
this authentic japanese passport replica chronicles the international exploits of agent mr. moto as he travels the global solving mysteries.
  


roy hobbs: the natural

          one of the best baseball movies of all times, the natural tells the 
          story of roy hobbs, a mysterious athlete with amazing skills. i have 
          reproduced a few props from this film including a hobbs baseball card 
          and the new york knights lucky charm, a wwi lightning bolt patch.



 the fugitive: richard kimble wanted poster 

this wanted flyer was scanned and remastered from an original prop from the film the fugitive starring harrison ford. several of these wanted posters can be seen in the film. 






cast away: wilson 
          volleyball

          a major character in the film cast away, this volleyball was transformed 
          by tom hank's character from an ordinary piece of sports equipment to 
          a lovable friend and confidant.





binding and rebinding


          for those of you who are making your own diaries or want one modified, 
          i can entirely recover your journal in a variety of leathers, to more 
          closely match the original prop. 





tombstone epitaph 
          newspaper

          this memorable newspaper tells the first-hand history of the famous 
          shoot out at the o.k. corral in 1881. also shown here is a replica letter 
          from virgil earp, requesting a downsizing to his police force just before 
          the shoot out.



 for any of the above items:

 museum 
          tag

          add authenticity to any of your prop replicas with this genuine looking 
          museum tag, featuring fictional information about your piece.



custom 
          display stands

          the perfect addition to any prop replica is a custom made display stand. 
          







 feel free to e-mail me with any questions: indy_magnoli@yahoo.com
 
this site is not associated with lucasfilm. 
    indiana jones is a trademark of 
    lucasfilm, ltd. these replicas are works of fan art from the collection of 
    indy magnoli.







 








