














fox valley off road | the place to ride










skip to main content























815.431.9913
815.539.9021
 



1952 n 35th road
ottawa, il 61350


















information
forms
race day results

photos
videos
weather radar
weather station

sponsors































 

 




 












track update

11/15/24 8amupdate: 11-11-24 was the last day open at this location.
thank you to all the riders all these years and families we appreciate you all.
fox valley off road 1.0 is now closed.  we will not be riding at this location any longer.
please do not ride or enter this location any longer as it will be being mined and not under our control.
our new location will be announced next spring with a new process, and structure.
thank you again.  
megabanquet for our race series will be held december 7th at megatraxs indoor! 
 
 this only applies for open ride days not race days! new for this season all riders and spectators will become members at fvor.  if you are a member at megatraxs then you have it done for the season. bring your membership card. season membership is slated for nov. 1 thru nov.1 but likely adjust some for outdoors. this process is used to have current emergency information, you will get a membership card with this as well to be scanned. it's a once a year fee.  rider & spectator.  minor cards we did last year will be updated bring them with and correct forms if not already done for megatraxs. all riding fees stay unchanged, membership fee is 10.00 one time a season.  
if you are on facebook follow our page there as we post on there often stay informed!
follow us on x (twitter) fox valley off road.
thoughts of our sport (click)
 





waiver information
all riders every year must fill out new emergency contact form. print and fill out and save time signing up!
adult form
minor riders will have to have minor card see below.
minor annual release card
if you do not come with a parent go to the forms page and complete the guardian transfer form.
forms page
both parents must sign and it has to be notarized.  parents we have to have both signatures for a youth rider to ride.  do not send your child with someone else without the correct paperwork, they won't get to ride.




fox valley off road
the place to ride!
currently we have 10-12 miles of trails. all trails are multi-directional, and un-marked. and we have a sx style track. with a watering system. we will water and groom as needed.
we also have a "kids" only track and area to ride. we also have an enclosed fence area for the first time riders to ride.
please remember you show up with aggressive tired on a atv which is used for mud holes and mud type areas we will not let you ride. we have trails, not mud bogs. if you like that kind of thing please go to the other park that offers it. thank you.




don't forget ultimate racer challenge click here!!
racing events are posted
10 am is when the lower track opens on (weekends) or sooner keep an eye on the site.
emergency form has to be updated for the season.  so click the forms page and fill it out, bring it with you.  speeds up the process.  thank you.
please remember no 2 up riding  no matter if the atv has two seats.
no sit in with roll cage machines (sxs type).
young riders are not allowed on big atv's. this isn't negotiable.
ultimate racer series info. posted.
click here




rentals
we have tons of requests for rentals. (meaning renting of machines) tom has started up his company and we will help him with it.  so if you want to try to get the kids involved with riding but you don't want to buy a machine first. try him out. he offers training and rentals all wrapped up neatly.
ps. you can't just "show up" he has a schedule and normally it's full. please plan ahead!
illinois off road rental

 







 



 



 



 









































 





 



 





 





 





 





 
 
 










