



































levin college of law




















 


levin college of law

about

explore uf law


faculty & research

faculty scholarship
faculty directory
scholarship repository
library
workshops, conferences, & events


academics

academic workshops, conferences, & events
areas of study
degree programs
curriculum roadmaps
courses
centers and institutes
experiential learning
areas of concentration


student life

quick links


careers

resources for students
resources for employers
resources for alumni
employment data
symplicity
contact us


admissions

apply to uf law
ll.m. and s.j.d. admissions
application status
entering class profile
costs and financial aid
admitted students
connect with uf law
visiting uf law
contact admissions


 
levin college of lawaba required disclosures
calendar
giving
alumni network
library
 
welcome to uf law

prospective students
legal scholars
current students
employers
alumni
 















 
search uf












 search uf

submit






































academic workshops and events  learn more
news


new $1.3 million gift will fuel ai and law focus learn more
news


year-end highlights learn more
news





22k



there are 22,750+ living uf law alumni throughout florida, the nation, and in 60 countries worldwide.







read more

admissions



#4



forbes ranks uf #4 among best public institutions







read more

faculty scholarship



professor christopher hampson wins 2025 aals scholarly papers award 

read more

news



experiential learning
learn more about the impact of our low-income taxpayer clinic 
read more

news










academic workshops, conferences, & events
many outstanding scholars present their research and forthcoming scholarship throughout the year. below you may explore a list of the distinguished scholars who will present in our academic workshop series, both in-person and virtually, this year.

learn more 











gary s. lawson
levin, mabie & levin professor of law
professor gary lawson has been listed as the no. 1 most cited scholar in administrative and/or environmental law in the u.s. for the period 2019-2023.
learn more 
faculty news






elizabeth d. katz
professor of law
professor katz has been recognized by the society for historians of the gilded age and progressive era with honorable mention for the fishel-calhoun article prize for her yale journal of law and feminism article.
learn more 
news






jiaying jiang 
assistant professor of law
professor jiaying jiang recently participated on the “privacy enhancing technologies: policy and technical trade-offs” panel at the point zero forum innovation tour in switzerland.
learn more 
news



gary s. lawsonlevin, mabie & levin professor of lawprofessor gary lawson has been listed as the no. 1 most cited scholar in administrative and/or environmental law in the u.s. for the period 2019-2023.learn morefaculty news 









4k



there are 4,000+ tax law alumni throughout the world.





meet 2l emma towler 

read more

alumni



#1



u.s. news & world report ranks uf law #1 in tax law among public law schools and among the top 3 in the nation.





uf law is ranked #22 in above the law’s 2024 top law schools rankings, which focus on the latest aba employment outcomes.

read more

news



forbes ranks uf no. 4 among the nation’s best public universities
forbes also ranked uf among the top university investments in the country.
read more

news



uf law moves to #30 in the 2024 scholarly impact ranking, marking the highest rise of any law school since 2021.

read more

news










give to uf law
explore ways you may support uf law.

learn more 










apply now
hire a student
engage with faculty
give to uf law









university of florida

facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube


university of florida levin college of law
309 village drive
po box 117620
gainesville, fl 32611
(352) 273-0804
text-only version




tools 

uf home
elearning portal
lexisnexis
webmail
one.uf
myufl
campus map



website 

consumer information (aba required disclosures)
contact uf law
disability services
regulations
privacy policy
intranet
media inquiries
technology services



quick links 

faculty directory
current students
public notices
web updates and feedback
report a campus/facility concern
event planning








the florida constitutional law endowment in memory of justice ben f. overton was created by judge karen miller in 2013. this fund supports lectures and presentations by justices of the florida supreme court at the fredric g. levin college of law.
history
justice overton, who earned his b.s. in 1951 and his juris doctor in 1952 from the university of florida, was the first merit appointment to the florida supreme court. throughout his career he was active in legal education and served as an adjunct professor at the levin college of law through december 2012, the month of his death. although he resided at oak hammock at the university of florida, a continuing care retirement community developed in cooperation with uf, he also considered the florida supreme court “home.” among the high points of his later years was hosting justices of the florida supreme court in gainesville and taking his class to tallahassee to hear oral arguments at the florida supreme court.
judge miller, who earned her b.s. cum laude from new york university in 1974 and her juris doctor from new york law school in 1977, served as chief administrative law judge of the new york city department of consumer affairs, new york city’s business regulatory agency, before she retired to oak hammock at the university of florida. having accompanied justice overton on his excursions to tallahassee and joined him in welcoming guests to oak hammock at the university of florida, she created the endowment in memory of justice overton to ensure that the levin college of law continues to have the funding necessary to continue and enhance the interaction between its students and the florida supreme court.

 
judge miller remembered the event that motivated the endowment.
 
prior to a dinner at the home of dean robert jerry and lisa jerry shortly after justice overton’s death, justice barbara pariente and i were discussing a suitable memorial. justice pariente, who had been justice overton’s colleague on the florida supreme court and who understood the importance to him of the interaction between his students and the court, suggested the outline of what has become the overton lectures. dean jerry, who has since retired, as has dean emeritus jon mills, who assumed responsibility for implementing the overton lectures, were very supportive from the beginning. since dean mills’ retirement, professor timothy mcclendon, who assisted both justice overton and dean mills teaching florida constitutional law and who co-authored the recent florida constitutional law casebook, has continued the overton lectures with the support of interim dean merritt mcalister and cgr director, professor danaya wright.
justice overton was a devoted jurist, educator, and ethical leader of the florida legal profession. the overton lecture series brings florida supreme court justices to the university of florida, levin college of law, and serves to introduce students to the inner workings of the court. cgr and the students of the college of law extend our deepest gratitude to judge karen miller for making the overton lectures possible in perpetuity.
you can watch an interview for the florida historical society by mary adkins, professor emeritus of the uf levin college of law, with justice overton here.
justice overton was also interviewed for the samuel proctor oral history project and a transcript of his interview is available at the smathers library, and here.
justice overton sat on the constitution revision commission of 1977-78 that proposed a right to privacy in the florida constitution. although it failed as part of the constitution revision commission recommendations, it passed in 1980 when proposed by the legislature. the bill was co-sponsored by our very own jon mills. the privacy provision prevailed by greater than 60%. justice overton then wrote a concurrence in a critical reproductive rights case in 1989 affirming that the privacy provision of the florida constitution included the right to obtain an abortion. that decision was overruled in planned parenthood of sw and central florida v. florida. you can read about the role of justice overton, jon mills – director emeritus of cgr, and the history of the 1989 case here.
 













