




history worksheets, lessons and games | activehistory


















































 menu







  home
  simulations
igcse
  ibdp


age: 15-18 


 by theme / period


pre-20th century topics

early modern british

henry vii
henry viii: the wolsey years (1509-29)
henry viii: the reformation (1529-47)
edward vi / mary i
elizabeth i


early modern european

lutheran reformation
zwingli/calvin/ radicals
counter-reformation
ferdinand/isabella
charles i/phillip ii
ottoman empire


french revolution / napoleon
european empires in the 19th century


20th century wars

project: origins of wars
world war one

causes
events
ww1 & russia
why did germany lose?
ww1 peace treaties
remembrance day
battlefields trip
ww1 / ww2: origins compared


spanish civil war

causes
events


world war two

project: origins of wars
causes of ww2

ww1 peace treaties
1920s
the great depression
manchuria / abyssinia
hitler's foreign policy
appeasement
appeasement depth study
ww2 origins: conclusions / revision


was ww2 a period of progress?
holocaust memorial day
ww1/ww2: origins compared


korean war
vietnam war
arab-israeli conflicts

gcse course: arab-israeli conflict since 1945
middle east: 1914-1947
middle east: 1948-55
1956: the suez crisis
1967 six-day war 
1973 yom kippur war
revision




international relations 1919-39

ww1 peace treaties
1920s
the great depression
manchuria / abyssinia
hitler's foreign policy
appeasement
appeasement depth study
ww2 origins: conclusions / revision


20th century dictators

project: political ideologies
project: rise of 20thc dictators 
project: rule of 20thc dictators
russia

lenin: rise
lenin: rule
stalin: rise
stalin: rule


germany: rise of hitler
germany: rule of hitler
china: rise of mao
china: rule of mao
cuba: rise of castro
cuba: rule of castro
chile: rise/rule of pinochet
italy: rule of mussolini
iraq: rise and rule of saddam


cold war

origins
crises

berlin blockade
suez crisis
berlin wall crisis
cuban missile crisis


conflicts

project: origins of wars
korean war
vietnam war


decline / collapse of communism


 rights and protest

apartheid south africa
us civil rights

pre-1965
post-1965
feminism after 1945
youth protest / counterculture after 1945


sourcework exercises




 by country / region

united states

presidencies

truman
eisenhower
kennedy
johnson
nixon
revision


civil rights and protest

pre-1965
post-1965
sourcework exercises


feminism after 1945
youth protest / counterculture after 1945


latin america

jfk and the alliance for progress
cuba: rise of castro
cuba: rule of castro
chile: rise/rule of pinochet


russia/ussr

tsar alexander ii
tsar alexander iii
tsar nicholas ii / february revolution
ww1 & russia
provisional government / october revolution
lenin: rule
stalin: rise
stalin: rule
the ussr after 1953
decline/collapse of communism


europe

britain: 1906-1918
germany

bismarck
wilhelm ii
why did germany lose ww1?
weimar republic
nazi germany
germany in the spanish civil war
holocaust memorial day
west germany after ww2
east germany after ww2
berlin blockade / berlin wall
berlin residential trip


italy: rule of mussolini
spain

spanish civil war: causes
spanish civil war: events
rule of franco




asia

china: civil war / rise of mao
china: rule of mao
korean war
vietnam war


africa

european empires in the 19th century
apartheid south africa to 1964


the middle east

events in the gulf, c.1975-2000
arab-israeli conflicts

gcse course: arab-israeli conflict since 1945
middle east: 1914-1947
middle east: 1948-55
1956: the suez crisis
1967 six-day war 
1973 yom kippur war
revision






age: 11-14

 grade 6 | age 11-12 | c.1000-1450
 grade 7 | age 12-13 | c.1450-1750
 grade 8 | age 13-14 | c.1750-2000
 standalone units


other





multimedia

activehistory's top 75 activities!
50+ online lectures/presentations from activehistory
activehistory podcast archive
activehistory podcast app
50+ great songs for the history classroom
video recommendations
book recommendations
spotify history jukebox
ted talks for historians
google earth for history



social media

history in the news
classtools facebook page
ibdp history teachers' support group
igcse history teachers' support group


other tools and resources

display materials
50+ online lectures/presentations from activehistory
"escape the room" scenarios
codemaker worksheet generator
plagiarism checker
harvard citation generator
essay planning tool
essay marking tool
pshce resources
25 affordable props/artefacts





about


about the author
latest additions
testimonials
privacy policy



contact





contact
please fill in the following form to contact the author, russel tarr






submit 
reset







subscribe
login





login



  show password
submit




new customer?

activehistory provides entertaining, educational award-winning interactive simulations, decision-making games, self-marking quizzes, high-quality worksheets and detailed lesson plans for teachers and students.
                        
                          view the top 75 activities here. 
create account



































                        transform your history classroom                        
activehistory provides educational, award-winning interactive simulations, decision-making games, self-marking quizzes, high-quality worksheets and detailed lesson plans for the school history classroom. 
                        all resources have been designed by full-time history teacher russel tarr.
join now 


simulations

dozens of unique, online simulations, virtual interviews, and decision making games


study units

scores of creative, rigorous worksheets and activity plans, all tried in the history classroom


teacher resources

model answers, teacher notes and support materials are provided for teachers only


revision games

loads of self-marking tests, quizzes and arcade games bring revision alive in the exam season





testimonials










buy the books!








featured history simulations
what makes activehistory unique is the vast range of interactive online computer simulations which allow students to learn at their own pace, in an engaging but rigorous manner.





the silk roads adventure
an online simulation: students journey around the ancient silk roads trying to make their fortune




voyages of discovery
an online simulation: students traverse the oceans searching for spices and learning about key explorers




interview winston churchill
an artificial intelligence application allows students to interview churchill, forming part of a comprehensive study unit.




time machine journey to the middle ages
journey around the medieval town and village trying to find the missing pieces of your time machine!




the rise of stalin: a sweet roleplay exercise!
this interactive exercise forms part of the activehistory unit on stalin's rise to power. students take the role of five key members of the politburo at the end of 1922. the respective power of these figures is represented by distributing a large bag of sweets between them.




castles: defence and attack
a game of strategy: spend your budget on your choice of features, then read a story of how your castle fares when faced with attack! complete with worksheet and extension activities. there's even a live 'leaderboard' to check the progress of your students!




stairway to heaven, or highway to hell?
in this interactive exercise, students answer a series of questions about their beliefs, hobbies and interests; a medieval priest (flatulence o' flaherty) then tells them what "sins" they are guilty of and - based on their asnwers - what the best way is for them to gain god's forgiveness (e.g. pilgrim, monk, crusader). this activity teaches students about the beliefs and then the practices of the medieval church and comes complete with a worksheet.




undercover in renaissance florence
a major decision-making game designed to teach students about the key events, characters and concepts of the period.




history podcast database
this @activehistory project links to thousands of podcasts. it's part of the activehistory 20th century research project.




undercover in imperial rome
in this simulation, you are a centurion in the roman army. you will have the chance to explore ancient rome and learn about its emperors, inventions and achievements.




who was to blame for world war one?
this simulation will help you understand the causes of world war one. you will take the role of kaiser wilhelm ii, ruler of germany. you will decide how to react to the problems you face.




which 20th century dictator are you?

            a simulation to compare and contrast the methods and conditions through which dictators rose to power. complete with self-study workpack enabling students to turn their findings into a rigorous essay.
            




american civil war simulation
a decision-making game for one or two players, complete with structured worksheets






wall street crash simulation
students use a series of historical data points to decide whether to buy or sell shares, then measure the progress of their wealth.





1066: the year of three kings
students use a series of historical data points to decide whether to buy or sell shares, then measure the progress of their wealth.




was charles i to blame for the english civil war?
in this game you will take the role of king charles, and decide how to run your country. at the end of the game you will be told how likely it is that your decisions would have plunged england into a bitter civil war!




interview king henry viii
an artificial intelligence application allows students to interview the tudor monarch




who was jack the ripper?
in this complete study unit and interactive simulation, students develop their sourcework skills 
            to form their own substantiated judgement on the identity of the whitechapel murderer




life in the trenches: simulation
in this game students take the role of a british soldier who joins world war one in 1914. by playing this game they will learn about the conditions which soldiers lived and fought in, and the dangers they faced.




the black death: causes, spread and impact
a self-marking assessment testing both factual knowledge and sourcework skills. students can play the game 
            for as long as they wish, then at the end they are presented with two scores in the form of a certificate, 
            both of which can be handed to the teacher to put into the markbook.




can you survive the middle passage?
take on the role of a kidnapped young african and see how well you can maintain your strength in 
            the harrowing "middle passage" across the atlantic in this decision-making activity. 
            complete with five different lesson plans.





james spod: undercover in nazi germany!
students learn about the political and social landscape of the third reich whilst on a decision-making 
            mission to eliminate the evil dictator adolf hitler.





history display materials
dozens of high-resolution educational posters and other stimulus designed specifically to be printed off and put around your history classroom.





causes of the french revolution
could you have prevented the french revolution from happening? would you have survived it? play this decision-making game to find out!





loading...

 
view the top simulations!


latest additions
new resources are added every single week of the year!
an introduction to the ottomans  multimedia presentation | *new* online simulation: the vietnam war policies of presidents johnson and nixon | the ottoman empire  new scheme of work | who was suleiman the magnificent?  presentation | how significant was world war one as a cause for stalins rise to power? | *new* simulation: which 16th century ruler are you?! | how significant was world war one as a cause of the russian revolution of october 1917? | how stable was the tsarist regime in russia on the eve of world war one? | how did world war one precipitate the russian revolution of february 1917? | the apartheid laws: research, categorisation and prioritisation | completed teacher copy | sample student project | 
view more


about
activehistory is the work of full-time history teacher russel tarr.


1998-2025 russel tarr, activehistory.co.uk limited (reg. 6111680)
1 torrin drive, shrewsbury, shropshire, sy3 6aw, england
all rights reserved



connect











activehistory training day: june 10th 2019, london uk: book your place now!



 
warning: your  account expires in  days. renew now to avoid losing access! 




