







home - friendly pines camp





























































































		skip to content


friendly pines camp














































































envelope
 



instagram
 



facebook-f
 



youtube
 



podcast
 



shopping-cart
 



camera
 









prescott, az










(928) 445-2128 










account login










dates & rates










faqs






















menu

 


home
about

dates & rates
camp tours/ upcoming events
facility rentals
family camp
faqs

a day in the life
activities
camp map
first-timer’s guide
our sessions
philosophy
watch our video


important announcements
meet our staff
newsletter
in loving memory of bebe brown may
online store
contact us


camp families

account login
camper family dashboard

forms & documents
lit & cit
meet our staff
photo gallery
upcoming events


cancellation policy
tuition insurance
join alumni list
online store


staff

be a part of something great

testimonials


dates & salary
job openings
staff application
staff dashboard
staff faq
area attractions




























"an arizona tradition..." 



"...turning childhood moments into life's rich memories." 


















enroll now










first-timer's guide










facility rentals



























 












important announcements 








				staff applications are now open!			



			november 1, 2024		


we have officially opened applications for summer 2025 counselors, general staff, and medical staff!visit the staff application page to apply now.


			read more »		






				a fond farewell & an exciting future for fpc			



			october 31, 2024		


dear fpc campers, families, and staff, i hope your october is going well! it’s megan, popping in with a personal update: i have made the difficult yet exciting decision to step down as camp director of friendly pines camp. this decision is one i have carefully considered for over a year, and while it brings a big change for me personally, i know in my heart it’s the right path for me to follow. if there’s anything i’ve learned in my time as an fpc camper and staff member, it’s the importance and ability of getting to know my inner self, honing the skills i learned at camp, and making (sometimes difficult) choices for myself.


			read more »		




































ouractivities 






+














dates + rates 






+














summer jobs 






+






















 

















join our mailing list 







email address

first name

last name
























what our camp families say 










						"this is the third year our son has attended friendly pines and each year he gets more excited for his session to start! all the activities, friendships and memories he makes are the greatest things about camp! just being a kid and getting outdoors to do activities and try new things is amazing! thank you counselors and staff for always making camp so much fun!"					
liberty s.oro valley, az 











						"we have been a fan of friendly pines camp for over a decade. all three of our children have consistently had a high quality summer camp experience at friendly pines. memories from camp bring smiles to my children’s faces regularly and we often hear about the delicious meals when eating dinner. the atmosphere at fpc is warm and welcoming and the activities encourage new skills and improve upon learned skills. the camp leadership team is excellent and they strive to create an outstanding safe experience for everyone at camp. we highly recommend fpc!"					
monica o.phoenix, az 











						"we were so happy with friendly pines! our son had the best time - he seemed genuinely shocked at how many activities he was able to participate in during his week at camp. we love that he was exposed to so many new adventures and that he had a chance to make so many friends. he was talking about next summer at friendly pines before we even made it home!"					
kara a.scottsdale, az 











						"our bella was a second generation camper this year. i love that i can now share my experiences with her and see her make her own memories. i highly recommend this camp to anyone who appreciates: tradition, values and good old fashioned fun."					
chantal u.yuma, az 











						"summer 2021 was our first session at fpc and it will now be an annual summer tradition. the kids had such a positive, fun experience. thank you for the great memories!"					
elizabeth p.scottsdale, az 











						"we were a little anxious at first as this would be both our kids first time away from home for a whole week and without electronics. but, both our kids loved it so much! my daughter, in particular (12 yrs old) really loved it - everything from the bonds she formed with her cabin-mates to the songs to the activities. we're already looking forward to next year!"					
kimberly h.mesa, az 











						"my daughter absolutely loved camp! she loved the freedom of being away from home and in nature and never felt worried about being away from home. everyone made her feel safe. she made a ton of new friends and had many new experiences. she also said the food was the best she ever had (i am trying not to be insulted by this comment lol). this was her first time at any sleep away camp and she cannot wait to go back! she said it was the best experience of her life!"					
patricia m.tucson, az 











						"our daughter has been going to fpc for four years now and we have also attended family camp. there is so much thought and energy put into every single detail, from registration, to pre-camp checklists, activities, food, safety, communications, the entire experience. everyone is kind and enthusiastic. as soon as camp is done for the summer our daughter is already planning for next year."					
allison f.chandler, az 










 previous


 next


















 


 











ready for the best summer ever? 




take the first step by requesting more info, or jump right in and enroll today. just use the links below to begin your journey for an amazing summer. 







request info










enroll now














 

 











 





friendly pines camp
933 e friendly pines rd
prescott, az 86303
info@friendlypines.com
phone: (928) 445-2128
fax: (928) 445-6065					










prescott weather
 









quick links 



home
account login
dates & rates
facility rentals
 



legal 



privacy policy
 




friendly pines camp is located on ancestral lands of all tribes and bands within the yavapai-apache nation. we acknowledge the people who owned the land before us and are grateful for their stewardship.  













envelope
 



instagram
 



facebook
 



youtube
 



podcast
 



shopping-cart
 



camera
 





















copyright 2020, friendly pines camp, llcall rights reserved created by scottsdale website design 











 










































 


