






bob aaron - toronto real estate lawyer - aaron & aaron - barristers and solicitors |








































416-364-9366
bob@aaron.ca



x


 





x



 












the firm

about
legal resources


practice areas

real estate law
commercial law
wills & estates


media

toronto star columns
videos


resources
contact
 


select page


  
 
 












search bob aaron’s property law columns
bob aaron has written more than 800 property law columns on saturdays in the real estate section of the toronto star.

click here









you made the right choice!

the law firm of aaron & aaron is located in downtown toronto, ontario.  together with a dedicated support staff, we offer superior legal service in the areas of real estate law, corporate & commercial law, and wills & estates.   we also provide general legal advice.
at aaron & aaron, our practice focuses on real estate law, specifically purchase and sale of freehold, condominium, residential, commercial, and cottages and rural recreational properties; leases and offers to lease, and  pre-construction agreements.
bob aaron has been designated by the law society of ontario as a certified specialist in real estate law. 
he has also been qualified as an expert in real estate law in the superior court of justice of ontario, and that qualification was accepted by the ontario court of appeal.

legal advice








bob aaron is interviewed









do you know your land rights?!the highest and best use podcast





buying from a builder – a gamble?






bob aaron and barry lebow discuss wills and estates






everthing you need to know about lakefront and cottage properties








marketplace “road to rich dad”host erica johnson interviews bob aaron






cbc marketplace “new home nightmares” – host wendy mesley interviews bob aaron






cbc marketplace “condo crunch”
host wendy mesley interviews bob aaron





cbc marketplace “you’re not covered”  – bob aaron discusses home insurance  
free cbc gem account required. scroll to episode 10 “you’re not covered”








aaron & aaron specialize in real estate law, specifically sale of rental, condominium, residential, rural recreation, offer to lease, commercial, and new construction

services





latest videos



 
















real estate law
commercial law
wills & estates
faq
toronto star columns














©2021 aaron & aaron barristers and solicitors – toronto real estate lawyer. all data is subject to errors, omissions or revisions and is not warranted. website by ecrew



10 king street east, suite 1400, toronto, ontario m5c 1c3 phone 416-364-9366      fax 416-364-3818    email  bob@aaron.ca



 














