   st. timothy parish | stir into flame the gift of god  
followfollowfollowfollow
search for:





give nowhomeabout usour vision and logowelcome & registrationst. timothy parish campusparish historyparish staffpastoral planningpublicationsreserving spacesafe environmentstewardshipcontact usworshipmassesadorationintentionsreadings & homiliessacramentsworship ministriesliturgical minister schedules:faith formationadult programschildren’s programsyouth ministryserviceoutreach ministriescare ministriesproliferosary guildcommunityevent communicationsspecial eventsgroupsschoolsst. timothy catholic school ~ serving preschool through 8th grade
welcome to st. timothy church
join our parishlive stream massweekend mass timessaturday4:30 pmsunday8:00 am9:30 am11:30 amreconciliationsaturdays: 3-4penance services during advent and lent     by appointment with priestsweekly bulletindonate nowgive online through weshareparish newsletterabout st. timothy parishwe are st. timothy parish, a catholic community, committed to the call of jesus christ.  we are christ’s disciples, and we join in the holy spirit’s work to make life holy. with grateful hearts, we come together in worship, service, faith formation, and community to share and celebrate god’s many gifts.
learn moreinterested in becoming catholic?the rite of christian initiation of adults (rcia) program was created for people who want to explore the teachings of the catholic church. it is an open discussion format covering a wide variety of topics including church history, the sacraments, the teachings of jesus, sacred scripture and a number of other relevant topics. the format is casual and we welcome all who are interested, including those who are interested in becoming catholic,  any catholics who have been away from the church for some time or even active catholics who want to deepen their faith.
learn moreget involvedcheck  out our current events   
upcoming events


mar		

1		


7:00 pm - 11:00 pm 

st. timothy thunder royale	


mar		

7		


march 7 @ 4:30 pm - april 11 @ 7:30 pm 

st. timothy 2025 fish fry – volunteer information & fish fry menu	


mar		

22		


6:30 pm - 9:00 pm 

euchre tournament	

view calendar	   join the parishservice and outreachliturgical minister scheduleworshipabout usthe latest news & updates
january 20th weekday mass timejan 17, 2025weekday mass for january 20th will be at 10:00 am only.
dine in or drive thru at st. timothy (watch video)mar 11, 2024dine in or drive thru at st. timothy (watch video)
pro-life essay contestmar 11, 2024on tuesday march 5th, the diocese hosted the pro-life essay banquet. eighth-grade students from across the diocese wrote essays in the fall advocating for the pro-life movement.  out of the twenty finalists, st. timothy catholic school had four eighth graders make the...
read more
            



