































star 99.7 | the people's station






















































































listen live



 
search






facebook


twitter


instagram


email


tunein
























menu

home
on-air

recently played
schedule


events

community
concerts


podcasts

lowcountry forever


contests & rules

contests
on-air contest rules
general rules


the people’s report
news

national
local
entertainment
lifestyle
music
sports


contact

advertise with us
contact us
jobs


843 deals
 



























                        download the app for a chance to win fantasia tickets!                    






                        visit our partners to raise funds for musc kids                    




tell us about your 'idol' to win floors seats to fantasia!




2/14: bring your valentine to an all-night jazz banquet




buy your ticket to taste of black charleston now - 3/7






































news from count on 2local nonprofit hosting international women's day event to support women artisansoceanfront hotel on kiawah island earns 5-star rating from forbes travel guidepolice respond to shoplifting incident at mt. pleasant department storecharleston has welcomed many sitting u.s. presidents through the years. here's a look back at some of those visitstraffic patterns change in cane bay amid road constructionlifestyle

4 days ago
                    in lifestyle
nearly everyone in the world breathes bad air. this is what you can do to lower your risk



everyone loves a breath of fresh air. unfortunately, too often our air is anything but fresh.


5 days ago
                    in lifestyle
looking for love this valentine’s day? don’t fall for instagram romance scams



facebook and instagram parent company meta platforms is urging users to stay vigilant about " romance scams " ahead of valentine's day, warning of unsolicited messages through its apps and other social media platforms, as well as general text messages.


6 days ago
                    in lifestyle
4 financial tasks you shouldn’t put off



you've probably got one or two financial jobs on your to-do list that you were too busy to get to or perceived as boring administrative work. here are some tasks that a) frequently fall by the wayside and b) don't take a lot of time to rectify.


6 days ago
                    in lifestyle
this valentine’s day, consider what all types of love bring to your life



valentine's day is for lovers — but you don't need a romantic soulmate to celebrate.


1 week ago
                    in lifestyle
how to cook the perfect boiled egg, according to science



scientists say they've cracked the code for boiling the perfect egg. it's a recipe you can test for yourself — though the timing isn't ideal with soaring egg prices in the united states from a bird flu outbreak.

features

4 hours ago
                    in features, trending
how presidents day has evolved from reverence to retail



the meaning of presidents day has changed dramatically, from being mostly unremarkable and filled with work for washington in the 1700s to the bonanza of consumerism it has become today. for some historians, the holiday has lost all discernible meaning.


10 hours ago
                    in features
hong kong residents compete to name twin panda cubs who just turned 6 months old



panda craze has once again gripped hong kong as residents compete to name the territory's first locally-born giant panda cubs who just turned six months old.


3 days ago
                    in features
goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, ‘floating piece of americana’ still thriving



at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. and the 246-foot-long airship will be in the background of the daytona 500 on sunday — roughly 1,500 feet above daytona international speedway, actually — to celebrate its latest and greatest anniversary tour.


5 days ago
                    in features
nasa’s 2 stuck astronauts may return to earth sooner under new plan



nasa announced tuesday that spacex will switch capsules for upcoming astronaut flights in order to bring butch wilmore and suni williams home in mid-march instead of late march or april.


6 days ago
                    in features, trending
roses are red, violets are blue, 940 million flowers are traveling (through miami) to you



if any husbands or boyfriends mess up valentine's day this week, it's not because of a shortage of flowers.

 

what's happening

visit our partners to raise funds for musc kids



our community cares for kids!visit our partners to raise funds for the musc shawn jenkins children’s hospital 92.5 kickin’ country,…


hear the stories of great black americans throughout history



star 99.7 and the rossington law offices, llc will be presenting black history moments throughout the month of february.


tell us about your ‘idol’ to win floors seats to fantasia!



tell us who your “idol” is for yyour chance to win tickets to see fantasia and anthony hamilton on april 4.


nominate your student to be highlighted & win prizes!



nominate your “a” average student to be recognized as one of geno’s academic all-stars and win prizes!


help those affected by hurricane helene – click to donate



make your contribution through the united way of greenville county, the piedmont area and united way of asheville, nc. 


click to listen to the exclusive interview w/ potus on-demand



listen to the exclusive star 99.7 interview with president joe biden (originally aired on star 99.7 fm at 7:15 am…

events    tix on sale: global sensation riverdance @ the pac – 2/18-20     register now for the sweetgrass half marathon – 2/22     feb. 22: join the 2025 lowcountry heart walk     2/22: go freezin’ for a reason at the iop polar plunge     attend the fundraiser for officer jon donnelly – feb. 27     tickets on sale for a night for the children gala – 3/6     buy your ticket to taste of black charleston now – 3/7 trending

4 hours ago
                    in features, trending
how presidents day has evolved from reverence to retail



the meaning of presidents day has changed dramatically, from being mostly unremarkable and filled with work for washington in the 1700s to the bonanza of consumerism it has become today. for some historians, the holiday has lost all discernible meaning.


10 hours ago
                    in entertainment, trending
‘saturday night live’ celebrates 50 years with comedy, music and show’s many, many famous friends



paul simon and sabrina carpenter duetted on simon's "homeward bound" to open the show, five-decade "saturday night live" luminary steve martin delivered the monologue, and paul mccartney gave an epic closing to a 50th anniversary special celebrating the sketch institution that was overflowing with famous former cast members, superstar hosts and legendary guests.


3 days ago
                    in sports, trending
philadelphia turns green on valentine’s day to celebrate super bowl champions



swooning fans screamed and cheered friday as mvp quarterback jalen hurts and eagles owner jeffrey lurie took turns hoisting the vince lombardi trophy at the start of the team's victory parade through the city of brotherly love.

 

now playing
 


like us on facebook!






entertainment

4 hours ago
                    in entertainment
nascar hall of famer jeff gordon ready to partner with tom cruise on ‘days of thunder’ sequel



help him, tom cruise! nascar hall of famer jeff gordon wants a "days of thunder" sequel and said at daytona international speedway that he's been in touch with the hollywood actor about making the project come to life.


4 hours ago
                    in entertainment, music
shakira resumes world tour with concert in lima after canceling show due to illness



colombian superstar shakira said monday that she will resume her world tour and perform in lima, peru, on monday evening, following the cancellation of a concert over the weekend due to a stomach illness.


10 hours ago
                    in entertainment, trending
‘saturday night live’ celebrates 50 years with comedy, music and show’s many, many famous friends



paul simon and sabrina carpenter duetted on simon's "homeward bound" to open the show, five-decade "saturday night live" luminary steve martin delivered the monologue, and paul mccartney gave an epic closing to a 50th anniversary special celebrating the sketch institution that was overflowing with famous former cast members, superstar hosts and legendary guests.


10 hours ago
                    in entertainment
‘captain america: brave new world’ soars toward a $100 million holiday weekend



"captain america: brave new world" infused some blockbuster cash into the north american box office, bringing in $88.5 million in ticket sales over the weekend, according to studio estimates sunday.

 














star 99.7


star 99.7copyright 2025 saga communications, inc.
						all rights reserved.
eeo report |
						fcc public file  | fcc applications
						for assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelpl@charlestonradiogroup.com
privacy policy | terms of use | 
contests & rules | some images copyright ap, clipart.com
non-discriminatory advertising letter | advisory public notice - non-discriminatory ad contracts
					




































