


shirley & spinoza radio 





































shirley & spinoza radio









 
home
about
what's on right now?
contact



s&s 24/7 stream! ((recent play history))
















(( or open in itunes, etc ))



or go to: 


wanna help? 







in the archive: a random selection:





related:

r.o.g.c..


zounds!

oddio blogio









s&s on ub radio / dfm – 12 august 2024
posted on august 12th, 2024 by s&s. categories: new show, sounds.

 

remote operator · live s&s on ub radio – 12 august 2024
 
this was a show for ub radio / dfm created live by the remote operator (fausto) from the s&s radio studio. this was a rolling, evolving, rather cinematic collage of original field and studio recordings and live sounds. featured were layered original field recordings from our many years in china and more recently aotearoa (new zealand); bits and pieces from the studio; live processing and merrymaking. i was streaming a feed from nz to the ub radio folks in california who then added live a few periodic sounds on top and filled in with the intermission after the first hour. this unedited recording is only the output from my side, line-out from the studio mixer. its rather dense and sonically packed to stimulate your mind’s eye nonetheless. enjoy!

3 comments.



s&s vox box – listener messages from the 2024 nye live stream
posted on january 8th, 2024 by s&s. categories: uncategorized.
behold some voice messages left by a number of our lovely listeners during the new year’s 2024 live stream.


0 comments.



new year’s 2024 marathon stream!
posted on january 4th, 2024 by s&s. categories: new show.
during this 11 hour (eleven!) marathon of new year’s broadcasting, we mixed both live sounds from the studio and rehashed segments from past shows. seeing as how we were geographically positioned on the bleeding edge of international time zones and the date line, we were among the first to dive, face-first into what will most certainly be a “tranquil”, “stable” “everything’s cool man, everything’s cool!!” 2024. listeners tuned in to make sure if we and fellow listeners were in fact, still here. many thanks to those that chimed in and joined the mix with recorded voice messages through the web page or messaged in the chat. extra fist-pumping thanks to those that made donations to our little radio mission!

remote operator · s&s new year’s stream 2024 – 11 hours!!!

0 comments.



qton – otto – 030
posted on may 5th, 2023 by s&s. categories: new show.

“quieter time of night – otto – #030″ in the ’1hr mix-tapey’ series,  webcast live on 5 may 2023 is here:

full tracklist available on the mixcloud page.

4 comments.



at the listener sounds plaza: #02
posted on november 18th, 2022 by s&s. categories: new show.

more sounds from you, friends and listeners of s&s around the world ! “at the listener sounds plaza” returns with installment #2 – another full hour of sonic yum sent in to s&s. live streamed 18 nov 2022
#2 is here on mixcloud. full playlist info on the page:

 
so, thank you kindly, fine noise making craftsfolk, for completing this perfect feedback loop of inspiration. hearing what occurs in the studios on the other end of this pipe collected together makes for another fun little festival on the plaza in your head. installment #3 coming soon.
if you’re a new or longtime listener of s&s radio, are yourself a sound-maker and feel like the stream has inspired you in anyway, please feel free to submit tracks for possible inclusion in a future sonic ‘event’ at the listener sounds plaza. send a message through the contact page to inquire for info.
(i do reserve the right to pick and choose in order to best represent the range of stuff that comes in)
 

3 comments.



qton – otto – 029
posted on september 25th, 2022 by s&s. categories: new show.

“quieter time of night – otto – #029″ in the ’1hr mix-tapey’ series,  webcast live on 25 september 2022 is here:

full tracklist available on the mixcloud page.

3 comments.



at the listener sounds plaza: #01
posted on september 9th, 2022 by s&s. categories: new show.

 
herein is this special new mix-tapey show called “at the listener sounds plaza”.  it’s a 60 min collection of music crafted by several of the sonically talented listeners and radio friends of s&s. we’d like to make this a regular show exclusively featuring homemade offerings from our radio pals and members of our global listenership if there is interest. what do you think? installment #2 to air live soon.
#1 is here on mixcloud. full playlist info on the page:

 
if you’re a current listener, long-time fan, friend of s&s the radio stream, etc and you’d like to send over some of your sounds to potentially land a spot at our imaginary listener sounds plaza for a future show, just get in touch via the contact page.
i’m often amazed by the range and creative chops of so many  folks on the other end of this noise pipe…and as a ‘thank you’ for keeping me inspired, maybe we here at s&s  can give you a salute & stage at the listener sounds plaza.  (i do reserve the right to pick and choose to best represent the quality and range of stuff that comes in though  

1 comment.



qton – otto – 28
posted on september 9th, 2022 by s&s. categories: new show.

“quieter time of night – otto – #028″ in the ’1hr mix-tapey’ series,  webcast live on 09 september 2022 is here:

full tracklist available on the mixcloud page.

0 comments.



qton – otto – 027
posted on january 30th, 2022 by s&s. categories: new show.

“quieter time of night – otto – #027″ in the ’1hr mix-tapey’ series,  webcast live on 30 january 2022 is here:

full tracklist available on the mixcloud page.

1 comment.



the rinse repeater
posted on december 14th, 2021 by s&s. categories: new show.

…starting a monthly s&s guest slot on auckland, nz’s afm station with ‘the rinse repeater‘, which “uses found sound, voices, real world noises plus original and borrowed musical elements to explore a cacophonous, angst and paranoia filled world for a kind of ‘gentler’, precarious harmony through recontextualisation, adaptation and humour.” have a listen! 1 hour.


1 comment.



remop on cashmere
posted on december 1st, 2021 by s&s. categories: new show.

this is an hour-long conversational interview i recently did on the on marcus zilz’s ‘mount wobble’ show on the experimental cashmere radio (berlin) where i blabbed about 20 years of s&s radio, life experiences including the bay area years, the decade and a half in the peripheries of china, the recent shift to the bottom of the world + ‘this & that’ – with s&s radio sounds and noodles playing in the background throughout. have a listen !


4 comments.




older »
next page »














