








homepage - icjs

































































close x



skip navigation










































































search

















































































search
donate to icjs
subscribe





















 

back
events and courses

get involvedicjs is the premier location for education and discovery opportunities to increase interreligious literacy and understanding.  
learn more events and courses
on demand programs
manekin-clark annual lecture
the silber-obrecht lecture 2025
courses on demand discover courses and events on demand on topics such as justice, martin buber, and christian nationalism.


programs

be a leader interreligious leaders can be anywhere—both inside and outside of religious congregations. icjs equips people in all walks of life to disarm religious bias and bigotry and to champion religious pluralism in their own communities. 
learn more for the general public
for civic & nonprofit professionals
for teachers & educators
for congregations
for clergy & religious leaders
for chaplains and spiritual caregivers
for religious leaders in training
for higher ed faculty
featured opportunity the icjs teachers fellowship equips secondary teachers to build an interreligious classroom.


discover and learn

discover & learntap into the icjs video library of programs, lectures, and conversations.
learn more discover and learn
resource finder
israel and gaza: icjs resources
christianity & christian nationalism
dialogue & interreligious engagement
history & current events
islam & islamophobia
judaism & antisemitism
justice & democracy
icjs authors
featured video discover the 10 tips for a conversation based on dialogue, not debate. 


about us

about usicjs advances interreligious dialogue and understanding to build bridges between people and communities.
learn more mission, vision, & values
staff and scholars
board of trustees
newsroom & media contact
annual reports & financials
ways to give to icjs
icjs history
faqs
careers
media contactjohn rivera, director of communications & marketing, jrivera@icjs.org


 







donate to icjs
subscribe





















 







close x








 






 








to dismantle religious bias and bigotry, icjs builds learning communities where religious difference becomes a powerful force for good.







upcoming events





deepening our capacity for interreligious spiritual care





are you a volunteer chaplain, cpe student, a solo chaplain, or a care provider new to the field of spiritual care provision? consider joining icjs for a special lunch and learn gathering where we will explore ways to expand one’s interreligious competency and capacity as a spiritual caregiver.










shoulder to shoulder: building coalitions to challenge islamophobia

in this online event, nina m. fernando, executive director of shoulder to shoulder, will engage in conversation with zeyneb sayilgan about the work of her organization and the commitment it shares with icjs of challenging islamophobia and fostering greater interreligious understanding.




feb24
upcoming events
shoulder to shoulder: building coalitions to challenge islamophobiaonline via zoomfeb27
upcoming events
journeying through lent with an interreligious lens: an in-person workshop for christian clergy in marylandicjs library | 956 dulaney valley rd., baltimore, md, 21204apr22
upcoming events
the 2025 icjs silber-obrecht lecture: what does it mean to be human? islamic, christian, and jewish perspectives (livestream)online via livestream 
see all 






manekin-clark lecture: building community in a fractured world

this year’s icjs manekin-clark lecture featured rabbi sharon brous, author of the national bestseller the amen effect: ancient wisdom to mend our broken hearts and world, in conversation with rabbi jessy dressin and heather miller rubens, ph.d.

watch video









understand today’s christian nationalism movement

uncover the goals of the christian movement that is a threat to the american values of democracy and pluralism. through podcasts, articles, courses, and videos, matthew d. taylor shares his research and storytelling.

learn more



                i can’t think of a work of research and story-telling over the past year that is as important as this one.            


					jon ward                

					chief national correspondent for yahoo news                







 israel and gaza: icjs resources

for the institute for islamic, christian, and jewish studies (icjs), fostering dialogue in these trying times remains crucial, and we remain committed to it.

read more







featured articles




news


georgetown university press to publish icjs silber-obrecht lecture series
icjs newsroom
baltimore—the institute for islamic, christian, and jewish studies (icjs) and georgetown university press have signed an exclusive series agreement to publish the silber-obrecht lectures,  the premier international lecture in the field of interreligious/interfaith studies. the silber-obrecht lecture, which aims to advance this developing field of academic inquiry, reflects that there are many modes of response…







news


icjs partner receives $2.5m grant to explore religious diversity & tolerance in maryland
icjs newsroom
read the catholic review article: maryland center for history and culture receives $2.5 million grant to explore religious tolerance in state baltimore, md. (january 7, 2025) – the maryland center for history and culture (mchc) has received a $2.5m grant from lilly endowment inc. through its religion and cultural institutions initiative. the grant will support…







features


interreligious dialogue is hard—but necessary
heather miller rubens, icjs roman catholic scholar and executive director
when i’ve told people about the work we have been doing this past year at icjs, they have a lot of questions: how are you actually able to do dialogue right now? has the violence in israel and gaza frayed interreligious relationships beyond repair? what are commonly held expectations and fears about interreligious dialogue, particularly…







features


reading another’s words: what we know and don’t know
john rivera, icjs communications & marketing director
q&a with melissa zieve: facilitated dialogue on israel and gaza in the months after the devastating hamas attack on israel on october 7th, including the taking of hostages, and the ongoing war and humanitarian crisis that has killed over 40,000 gazans, icjs has received multiple requests from baltimore-area high schools, organizations, government organizations, leadership programs,…





see all


events & courses on demand




on demand events


unpacking bonhoeffer’s legacy today
dietrich bonhoeffer has long been celebrated as a powerful symbol of moral resistance to the nazi regime, with his legacy claimed by christians across the religious spectrum, from liberal protestants to christian nationalists. historically, though, he was not a major figure. what do his writings mean in that context?
in this online conversation, dr. victoria barnett discussed the historical complexities of bonhoeffer’s life and legacy, warning against the dangers of reducing his life and work to simplistic, “momentary” lessons for contemporary christian activism. instead, barnett argued for a deeper, more nuanced engagement with bonhoeffer’s theology, emphasizing his unwavering commitment to faith and ethical action in the face of injustice and crisis.







on demand minicourses


maryam, the muslim mary: an interreligious figure who divides and unites us
mary, the mother of jesus—maryam in arabic—is venerated by christians and muslims around the world. this course examined the islamic portrayal of mary as described in the qur’an and the holy narrations of prophet muhammad, both normative sources for muslims, identifying similarities and differences that emerge in the muslim depictions of mary. by presenting examples of islamic art and architecture, icjs muslim scholar zeyneb sayilgan highlighted mary’s ongoing importance in muslim life. finally, sayilgan reflected on the possibilities of how mary can serve as an important interreligious figure who can both divide and unite.





see all




icjs insights

read the most recent issue of icjs insights, our monthly newsletter featuring  voices, essays, and perspectives.

read the january issue



                you have this day-by-day record of a decent human being trying to do the right thing in a totalitarian state, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding.             


					victoria barnett, ph.d.                

					leading scholar of dietrich bonhoeffer                







subscribe today 
get news of events, minicourses, and research from icjs in your inbox.

sign up








 


















































































956 dulaney valley rd, baltimore, md 21204
410.494.7161
info@icjs.org
media: contact john rivera, icjs communications, jrivera@icjs.org
federal id #52-1531016

























 
 






© 2024 icjs. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
disclosure












