






take a walk with tommy's new york



















































































































walking tours

catacombs ticket purchase
catacombs pass reservation
chinatown ticket purchase
chinatown pass reservation
little italy ticket purchase
little italy pass reservation
bowery ticket purchase
bowery pass reservation
gangs & river pirates of ny ticket purchase
private tours


menu

gift cards
gift shop
news
about
press
contact


 


select page


  
 
 





























click for more info
 






click for more info








 
click for more info






click for more info










click for more info












gocity & new york pass click here
go city new york & new york passpassholders click here








we do not accept these passes
we do not accept “new york citypass” or “the sightseeing pass”






































































































photos by gina & paul brake of street photography nyc





discover the most thrilling secrets hidden beneath new york’s oldest and very first catholic cathedral!
go behind-the-scenes at the basilica of st. patrick’s old cathedral in little italy and see areas of the church grounds that are otherwise barred from the public during this 90-minute catacomb group tour.
for over 200 years, the catacombs of the basilica of st. patrick’s old cathedral have served as the final resting place for the faithful departed. this historic place has witnessed the many struggles and accomplishments of prominent new york catholics.
gain access to off-limits areas, including the two walled cemeteries and narthex below the sanctuary. experience the only active catholic catacombs in new york city.   see where bishops rest alongside prominent new york catholics, such as the delmonico family and the first resident bishop of new york, bishop john connolly. this labyrinth of vaults belongs largely to bankers, lawyers, captains of industry, merchants, political candidates, and even to a civil war-era general, thomas eckert.







book & pay



attraction passes



learn more






































































































photos by gina & paul brake of street photography nyc





unveil the mysteries of one of the most alluring cultural enclaves in new york city
  explore manhattan’s chinatown without worrying about getting lost along its narrow streets and corridors and visit spaces that are normally off limits to the public.   after checking in at the chinatown little italy information kiosk on the corner of baxter and canal streets we will head down to the old five points neighborhood brought back to fame by martin scorsese’s gangs of new york.  this was the cauldron that gave birth to manhattan’s chinatown in the mid 1800’s.  we tour the southern portion of historic chinatown as far south as kimlau square and wind our way through the labyrinth of winding roads stopping at places like confucius plaza, a taoist temple, the famed doyers street and see the largest buddhist statue in new york city.  the grand finale is a visit inside the ccba – the chinatown consolidated benevolent association where you may catch a glimpse of the mayor of chinatown.   
this official neighborhood tour is in partnership with the chinatown little italy historic district association and was developed in collaboration with the historic districts council. 







book & pay



attraction passes



learn more








































































































photos by gina & paul brake of street photography nyc





as tommy describes it, “little italy is the grandmother of all neighborhoods.” 
if you love new york city history or just want to take a deep dive into one of manhattan’s most storied neighborhoods, you shouldn’t miss this guided tour of little italy.  you’ll leave with a warm sense of nostalgia, as you walk the very lanes and avenues where so many american dreams were born.
this tour begins at the chinatown little italy information kiosk on the corner of baxter and canal streets and will encompass the entire northern portion of historic little italy all the way up to houston street and back.  learn about the very first american catholic church built specifically for the italian american community, pay tribute to the haunts of the very first italian american police sargeant joseph petrosino.  see the streets where famed film producer/director martin scorsese grew up.  meet the neighborhood as we pay homage to all the italian owned establishments.  see locations of many famous films and tv shows. don’t be surprised if your tour is taking place during filming of new productions.
this official neighborhood tour is in partnership with the chinatown little italy historic district association and was developed in collaboration with the historic districts council. 







book & pay



attraction passes



learn more




































































































new york city's oldest street!
join us on a journey through over four centuries as we walk down new york city’s oldest street! originally a native american footpath and dutch farm road, site of the first free african american homesteads, and washington’s triumphal march route during the british evacuation, it was the lower stretch of the boston post road, one of america’s first highways. it witnessed 19th  century gang wars, the bloody astor place riot, and the anti-slavery speech at cooper union that propelled lincoln to the presidency. though landed gentry like the delanceys settled here, it soon became the working-class main street for sailors, shopgirls, gangs, gays, sporting men, and waves of immigrant irish, italians, germans, jewish, and chinese. nyc’s first entertainment district, it has seminal links to tap dance, vaudeville, yiddish theater, houdini, stephen foster, irving berlin, mae west, modern tattooing, abstract expressionism, beat literature, improvisational jazz and punk rock. comparing it to the more upscale broadway, walt whitman found it “more democratic, with a broader, jauntier swing.” though it declined in the 1900s, when flop houses and dive bars proliferated, it nonetheless became home to affordable jewelry, lighting, and restaurant supply stores, and a live-work home for artists like mark rothko, maya lin, william burroughs, robert frank, nan goldin and debbie harry.







book & pay



attraction passes



learn more




































































































gangs & river pirates of 1800's nyc
take this immersive journey into the gritty underworld of 19th-century manhattan. this tour delves into the notorious five points neighborhood, and the 1st through 6th wards, a melting pot of immigrants and the birthplace of america’s most infamous gangs. we will recount tales of gang leaders like bill the butcher and boss tweed, the corrupt politician. you’ll explore historic landmarks such as the site of the old brewery,  and the remnants of the tombs prison. you’ll also see where the ancient order of hibernians were founded. we will not only unveil the dark history of gang violence and political corruption but also provide a captivating glimpse into the social struggles and resilience of new york’s early inhabitants. a compelling way to experience the city’s turbulent past.
this 90 minutes tour will cover aproximately 2 miles of walking, so bring comfortable shoes.  check the weather report and dress accordingly.  this tour operates rain or shine unless the weather is severe. your tour guide might be dressed in 1800’s era clothing so we encourage you to dress up as your favorite early 19th century  new york city  gang member or river pirate.  there will be plenty of great photo ops during the walk.  we will begin at the very intersection of orange, cross and anthony streets that once made the five points intersection.   heading southbound we will stop on hibernian way, the south street seaport and wall street.  the tour will end on stone street and coenties slip where you will have your pick of the many pubs, restaurants and bars.







book & pay




learn more










what our visitors say

 

 history as it relates to the catacombs, church and the city learned a lot of new york city history from the arrival of the dutch to present, as well as the catacombs and those buried there. our guide, ronnie, was tremendous. highly recommend !read moreread less 
  dana2/10/2025 



 fun and informative tour. just got back from a fun, informative and fascinating tour of the catacombs. not what we thought! this is not a hokey ghost tour. it was an authentic retelling of the history of new york and the cathedral. we particularly appreciated the real stories of the people who used the church and all of their challenges. the catacombs are peaceful and a beautiful tribute to those who rest below the church. our tour guide was very knowledgeable, friendly and shared some personal experiences. thank you so much!read moreread less 
  fiona5/27/2024 



 cool tour and tour guide. marlene was an amazing tour guide and incredibly knowledgeable about the religious history of new york. i enjoyed my time here and revommend it to everyone.read moreread less 
  michael5/24/2024 



 peek at the past the tour had us take a step into the past and to see where the future is going. it’s gratifying to see the preservation efforts and the respect paid to this wonderful historic site.read moreread less 
  susan5/06/2024 



 an unusual and rewarding diversion i'm a native new yorker, born in brooklyn, raised in queens, and i never knew what a little gem was sitting all along in little italy. the docents were very engaging with a mixture of "fun facts" and sometimes painful histories. sincerely recommend this tour as an option for a midday excursion, and then a stroll in the neighborhood for a nice meal.read moreread less 
  edward5/05/2024 



 great time in the catacombs this was really good. jim, our tour guide was great. he was as knowledgeable and personable. i learned a lot and had a good time. highly recommended!read moreread less 
  joseph4/29/2024 



 excellent tour! this tour was a last minute decision that we’re so happy we made. not only did we learn about st. patrick’s, but also about the history of the neighborhood. it was filled with highlight after highlight and surprising facts and details. a hollywood connection? religious conflict in the us? the docent was truly well versed and informative. the catacombs were simply “icing on the cake” during this excellent tour!read moreread less 
  linda4/29/2024 



 cool history of nyc with tommy this was a really cool tour. tommy was really knowledgeable, there is so much interesting history in nyc and getting to see the catacombs was really neat.read moreread less 
  sandra4/21/2024 



 definitely worth a visit a totally amazing tour on easter sunday. the guide was amazing, full of knowledge and wit, not just giving a tour from a script. the old cathedral was beautiful and so different to any cathedral we have ever previously visited, and the catacombs were incredible. we both found the whole tour wonderful many thanks.read moreread less 
  elec_rep4/03/2024 



 church, cemetery & catacombs we had a great tour guide--full of history of the cemetery, the church, the catacombs. only three of us on the tour. learned a ton in 90 minutes. the catacombs are less dramatic than expected but a very interesting experience.read moreread less 
  heidim3/25/2024 



 exploring the catacombs by candlelight this was my favorite part of our trip to new york. i loved hearing the intriguing and fascinating facts shared by our awesome guide, ronny. he was incredibly knowledgable but he remained interesting during the tour. i loved exploring the catacombs by candlelight! definitely a must-do when in new york!!! thank you ronny🕯️❤️read moreread less 
  celtic03133/23/2024 



 great tour very interesting tour. the guide was very knowledgeable and offered tone of information on the history of the lower east side. definitely worth the time and money.read moreread less 
  marianne3/19/2024 



 sicilian american history wonderful and nostalgic tour of our family church for 100 years !! so many memories of family events, both happy and sad!read moreread less 
  fpwhiteplains2/21/2024 



 great catacomb historical tour such a great historical tour of the original st. patrick's cathedral of nyc. the tour guide my group had, marlene, was such a knowledgeable, kind, passionate guide. you could tell she loves what she does. she was so patient with questions. she gave very knowledgeable answers. the 1.5 hrs flew by. if you are interested in the history of nyc during the time of gangs of ny this is a neat tour. the other plus is that it is right around the corner from little italy.read moreread less 
  kath1/27/2024 



 fantastic catacombs by candlelight ! we had an amazing tour with marlene and a beautiful experience by candlelight in the catacombs. marlene was so well versed and proud of her ny heritage that made it such a pleasure to spend our fri night on this tour.read moreread less 
  553capegirl1/27/2024 

load more










tickets also available with the following resellers

























































 








companyabout us
contact us
work for us
media / press inquiries
supportfaq
terms, conditions and policies
health & safety
cookie policy


 






facebook




instagram


copyright 2023 tommy's new york l.l.c.  115 broadway new york, ny 10006 all rights reserved.                
please note that tommy's new york reserves the right to remove and/or alter tours & experiences for technical, operational, health and safety or other reasons without prior notice.  all photos property of street photography nyc, copyright 2023 




 





 




































