




barton quest: a southern barton genealogy workbook


























winston county,
	al. willis
	
& margaret barton genealogy


barton family
	workbook


barton bulletin
	board

for the latest additions to this
	site!



site directory & email


barton patriarchs


genealogy graphics
	links



genealogy links


coat of arms


genealogy
	forms



old barton quest
	site


maps


ship passenger links













view 2001 guestbook 


my non-barton
	surnames


view 1999 guest book



view current guestbook 


view 2000 guest book


view 1998 guest book




how do i find barton data on this site
fast?

email questions or comments about the barton quest
site.

any male barton interested in participating in the
barton historical society dna project, please get in touch with terry
barton of the barton historical society (link below). some very interesting
discoveries have been made through this project, but the more participants
there are, the more we can learn about which barton families have a common
ancestor...after the great flood. :o)

off site links



gary's
	barton database

barton historical
	society

richard's barton web site




to join the barton mailing list, please visit:
http://jadis.darktech.org/genealogy/barton/

president james madison:  "we've staked the whole future of american
civilization not on the power of government, far from it. we have staked
the future of all our political institutions upon the capacity of each and
all of us . . .to govern ourselves according to the commandments of god.
the future and success of america is not in this constitution, but in the
laws of god upon which this constitution is founded."   
  

barton quest logo designed by justin craig:
http://www.craigstudios.com/


over the rainbow created this background.  the link was removed because
it is no longer valid.



how do i find barton data on this site fast?

1.  the largest amount of "organized" barton information can be found
by clicking on the
" barton family
workbook."
 this information is arranged according
to geographic areas.  there are two sections:  "tracing southern
bartons" and "northern barton connections."  this is primarily a southern
barton site so southern barton information is aggressively pursued, but i'm
perfectly willing to add northern barton material if it is submitted.

2.  the second section with the most organized material is
"barton patriarchs."
 it is steadily growing, but many patriarchs on the barton quest web
site are not yet listed in this section, so don't assume there's nothing
about your ancestor here if he's not mentioned in the patriarch list.

3.  the
barton bulletin
board is organized according to the
dates in which material was uploaded .  for this reason, your best avenue
is to do research in "barton family workbook" or "barton patriarchs" unless
you've already gleaned the barton quest site and merely want to keep up with
the latest additions/contributions.

4.  if you're interested in winston co., alabama miscellaneous data,
click on
" winston county
alabama
willis & margaret barton
genealogy.   there are thousands of surnames
listed in this section and most of them are either descendants or in-laws
of willis or margaret (martin) barton. you might think you're not related
to the bartons, but if you have winston co. roots, you might be surprised.



