

 

























plastic surgery in dallas | cosmetic surgery serving dallas and allen, tx

















































skip to main content





	                        north dallas plastic surgery	                    








               dallas, tx - (214) 363-2575

               allen, tx - (214) 509-0270








home 
about

about the practice 
todd a. pollock 


face

injectables 
brow lift 
chin augmentation 
eyelid surgery 
facelift surgery 
fillers 
nose surgery 
the progressive tension suture (pts) facelift 
otoplasty 
fat transfer 


breast

breast augmentation 
breast lift 
breast reduction 
breast implant removal & exchange 
pectoral implants for men 
male breast reduction 


body

tummy tuck 
liposuction 
body lift 
arm lift 
mommy makeover 


patient info

patient forms 
payment and financing 


testimonials 
blog 
contact 



get in touch

               dallas, tx - (214) 363-2575

               allen, tx - (214) 509-0270

follow us

























beauty begins  with knowledge 

“the practice of plastic surgery is extremely gratifying as i am able to make a real difference in my patient’s lives through surgery.”
todd a. pollock, md, facs

request a consultation




model











todd a. pollock, md, facs

innovation, compassion, ethics

dr. todd pollock has been in the private practice of plastic surgery for over 20 years. in this time, he has prided himself in his individualized patient care and surgical excellence. he has innovated the drain-free tummy tuck technique which has given him international acclaim. he is board certified by the american board of plastic surgery and has been active in plastic surgery and medicine, holding leadership and committee roles in local and national organizations including president of the dallas county medical society and dallas society of plastic surgeons. in addition, he is the current president-elect of the texas society of plastic surgeons. he enjoys the teaching of residents and fellows as an associate clinical professor at utsw. dr. pollock has privileges at several in dallas and allen hospitals as well as an accredited surgical suite in his north dallas office.
for more details about dr. pollock, click the button below.
about dr. pollock

















procedures
cosmetic surgery is elective surgery and involves a very personal decision. however this decision should be objective, based upon knowing the facts, the details of the procedure, alternative treatments, surgeons credentials and facility accreditation. our website and our consultations emphasize patient education and factual information.











                                                            face procedures                                                        
learn more









                                                            breast procedures                                                        
learn more









                                                            body procedures                                                        
learn more









                                                            non surgical                                                        
learn more



















drainless tummy tuck
this procedure simplifies tummy tucks, greatly reducing surgical complications, improving results, and shortening convalescence. we have been using this technique over the past 30 years and have found it to be reliable and long lasting.









brighten skin complexion with skinceutical’s c e ferulic® 
call us at (214) 363-2575 to purchase or learn more.















contact us
request a consultation







patient testimonials

“really wonderful staff, including everyone! very atypical for a medical office, they are super kind, helpful and caring!! dr. pollock did an amazing job on my surgery, just love him!”
facebook review

read testimonials













financing information


we are committed to helping you attain your cosmetic goals and are happy to work with you to find a payment method or plan that fits your situation. we offer financing through carecredit, which provides flexible repayment options. 
financing available

















contact form

name*email*

phone*messagecaptcha
 submit











δ








our locations
contact information for individual north dallas plastic surgery offices

north dallas office


                                        8305 walnut hill ln #210
dallas, tx 75231                                    
phone: 
                                        (214) 363-2575
directions & office hours

allen, tx office


                                        317 n. central expressway suite 100
allen, texas 75013                                    
phone: 
                                        (214) 509-0270
directions & office hours

























before and after photos - individual results may vary. some images may be models

© 2025 north dallas plastic surgery  site designed and hosted by plastic surgery studios | sitemap | privacy policy































