  







specialty cases | your complete source for shipping and travel cases












         






     the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.    javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.              general  name      email address      company name      phone      how can we help you today?      specialty cases   
p.o. box 936sykesville, md 21784
toll free: 800-267-1674phone: 301-497-9032email: info@specialtycases.com
our warehouse is located at: 611-a lofstrand lane rockville, md 20850.

   submitsending...       contact us    
free shipping on select items!!  just use code: free during checkout.
  skip to content     usa customers call 800-267-1674 | canadian customers call 301-497-9032 toggle nav  my cart     search search  advanced searchsearch compare products     menu shop by productrack casesstandard racksshock racksshallow racksrolling racksconsole rackshalf rackssoft rack casesshipping casesmicro shipping casessmall shipping casesmedium shipping caseslarge shipping casesextra large shipping caseslong shipping casessingle laptop shipping casescarrying casesmicro carrying casessmall carrying casesmedium carrying caseslarge carrying caseslong carrying caseslaptop & tablet casesmultiple laptop casessingle laptop casesipad and tablet caseslaptop case accessoriesflat screen casessingle flat screen transport casesdual flat screen transport caseslcd lift road casesmonitor carrying casesflat screen sizes 19 to 24 inchesflat screen sizes 26 to 32 inchesflat screen sizes 32 to 47 inchesflat screen sizes 40 to 50 inchesflat screen sizes 50 to 60 inchesflat screen sizes 60 to 65 inchesserver shipping casesgun casestripod casesutility casesexpo casesmaximum carry-on sized casespro audio casescoolersclearance casesshop by brandskbrack casesshock racksfly racksrolling racksroto racksshallow rackssoft racksspecialty & gigrigsrack case accessoriesiseries2r series3r seriesfield-ready casesrail pack casesflat screen casesskb gun casespro audio casescase accessoriespelicanmicro casessmall casesmedium caseslarge caseslong casescube casesgun casesstorm casesair casesvault caseslaptop casescoolersaccessoriesstorm accessoriesgatorrack casesstandard racksshock racksshallow racksrolling racksconsole racksrack bagsrack accessoriesutility casesflat screen caseslaptop casesarm mountsparkersc seriessc take off lid seriessw seriessw take off lid seriestsw seriestsw take off lid seriesseahorsemicro casessmall casesmedium caseslarge caseslaptop casesgun casesaccessoriesnanuknano casessmall casesmedium caseslarge caseslong caseswheeled casesgun casesnanuk-r caseslaptop casesaccessoriesbrand group 2underwater kinetics casessmall casesmedium caseslarge casesgun casesaccessoriesgemstar casesstronghold casessentinel casesroborack casesbrand groupspecialty casesmultiple laptop casesflat screen casesserver shipping casesaccessoriesbelairexpo casesshell-casehybrid 300 carrying caseshybrid 500 carrying casesaccessoriesanvilflat screen casesshockmount rack casesutility casesshop by sizeclearanceresourcescontact usquote requestcheck stock nowanvil flat screen case quote requestanvil rack case quote requestanvil utility case quote requestparts & warrantiestestimonialsglossaryfrequently asked questionsspecialty cases newslettercustomer photo galleryblogmy accountlogin / logoutmy cartcheckout  account                specialty cases is your complete source for shipping and carrying casesgoing places with specialty cases – first class service & support!multiple laptop cases
foam inserts for 2 to 20 laptops
foam lined accessory compartment
pull handle & wheels
lockable, hard shell cases
shop nowshipping cases
reusable shipping containers
heavy duty, hard shell cases
customizable interiors
many sizes to choose from
shop nowshipping case solutions for safely transporting your equipment.
find the perfect sized shipping case by entering your desired dimensions below: 




search by interior dimensions










find your case






carrying cases
carrying cases of all sizes
hard carrying cases
many interior options
top brands available
shop nowrack cases
2u - 16u rack units
roto molded shock racks
rolling shockmount cases
heavy duty mil-std cases
shop nowwhat our customer are saying...you will not find a better company to educate you about their products, or to purchase products from. kiersten goes above and beyond - like having a friend who works at the company. this was especially reassuring to me as a first time case purchaser. she and her company are a hidden gem. truly a remarkable and unsurpassed customer experience - if you are thinking about purchasing a case, this is the only company you should consider working with. you will end up wishing every company was this amazing to deal with. thanks again, kiersten! (brad w)thanks again for everything kiersten, i can’t tell you how enjoyable this process has been. you have been extremely accommodating since day one, and i’m excited to use my case for the first time tomorrow! i will definitely keep you in mind for future cases at espark, and spread the word to family and friends when they are in the market as well. (gil)max carry-on casesbrowse our selection of wheeled transport cases that meet the maximum carry on size.shop nowflat screen casesprotective flat screen monitor cases. single & dual lcd / plasma shipping and carrying cases. shop nowserver shipping casesfoam filled cases designed to protect servers during transport. heavy duty cases with wheels.shop nowgun caseshard shell gun cases for safe transport / storage of weapons including handguns, pistols, rifles, shotguns & more.shop nownew and popular cases2u 3r-3221 server
shipping case
2u servers up to 28 in. deep
foam lined, roto-molded case
heavy duty edge wheels
waterproof & dust tight design
view detailstm-s2918 multiple laptop
transport case
for 15 to 16 in. laptops
fits 10 laptops & accessories
precut foam inserts
wheels & retractable handle
view detailssw5730-22t wheeled
shipping case
removable take off lid
heavy-duty, ata rated case
inline edge wheels
several interior options
view detailsmultiple ipad carrying
 
case for 12 tablets
carry 12 ipads in one case
hard shell exterior, foam interior
wheels & pull handle
waterproof & impact resistant
view details3r series 7408-8 long
shipping case with wheels
maximum impact resistance
ata & military rated
roto molded watertight case
in-line wheels & tow handle
view details32 in. single / dual
flat screen shipping case
for screens 30 to 32 in.
holds one or two monitors
foam interior protects screens
pull handle & wheels
view details24 in. deep 16u roto molded
shock rack transport case
for 16u rack equipment
meets military & ata standards
shock & water resistant
removable caster wheels
view detailsex-1637 multiple laptop
case holds 8 laptops
holds 8 laptops & accessories
fits most 17 to 18 in. laptops
wheels & pull handle
hard-shell, waterproof case
view detailssw6012-14 reusable shipping
container - clearance
clearance model - 40% off
never used, new condition
reusable shipping container
edge wheels with tow handle
view detailsindustries servedgovernment & military
military spec shipping cases for government and military applications. transport cases ideal for sensitive equipment and harsh environments.learn moreindustrial & commercial
heavy duty cases for industrial and commercial applications. we offer stock and customized reusable shipping and transport solutions to meet your specific needs.learn morelaw enforcement & first responder
ata rated cases for law enforcement and first responder applications. we proudly supply case solutions for police, ems and firefighters with the on-job gear they need.learn moreeducation & training
solutions for the education and training industries. we offer customized portable transport cases that will help you fulfill what the education market has demanded.learn moreinformation technology
we specialize in cost effective and innovative solutions for it equipment shipping cases. standard and custom case solutions to fit the needs of it professionials.learn moretrade show & events
reusable shipping solutions for trade shows, expos & events. our stock and custom cases ensure your equipment is transported safely to your next event or tradeshow.learn morebrands you can trustneed help?do you need a shipping case or have specific travel case requirement but need help finding the right product? from laptop cases to shipping cases and server cases, we can help you find the best products at the best prices. our case coach will answer all of your questions and get you the perfect fit.ask the case coachour companydesignwe simplify: our mission here is to bring the most practical shipping and travel case design options to our customers. our case designs are functional and professional whether you need a shipping case, laptop case server case or gun case. every case from a simple foam lined interior to a full custom die cut has been carefully measured and manufactured.supportwe listen: in every respect, we are supportive to our customers, our potential customers, our coworkers, and our community. our mission is to actively listen to and provide support for every shipping or storage case request. attention and responsiveness is what you can expect when you choose specialty cases.protectwe don‘t compromise: our cases are made almost exclusively in the usa with american craftsmanship, quality and care. many of our products have been harshly tested and handled for years and even dropped out of helicopters. it is safe to say our case products are designed and built to be the best protection for your equipment, including laptops, servers, monitors and more. we take our job very seriously when it comes to protection we only offer the best.what our customers are sayingwow. you guys are great! i received the case today! thank you so much. i will definitely be a return customer. great service. (carl g)you will not find a better company to educate you about their products, or to purchase products from. kiersten goes above and beyond - like having a friend who works at the company. this was especially reassuring to me as a first time case purchaser. she and her company are a hidden gem . truly a remarkable and unsurpassed customer experience - if you are thinking about purchasing a case, this is the only company you should consider working with. you will end up wishing every company was this amazing to deal with. thanks again, kiersten! (brad w)thanks again for everything kiersten, i can’t tell you how enjoyable this process has been. you have been extremely accommodating since day one, and i’m excited to use my case for the first time tomorrow! i will definitely keep you in mind for future cases at espark, and spread the word to family and friends when they are in the market as well. (gil)if any of you have a requirement for custom cases to ship or transport a server, or half a dozen laptops or monitors or anything i strongly suggest you go to specialty cases. they buy hardened cases and then make customized foam inserts in them for specific tasks. they have a great product line. the reason i post this is because i have contacted them twice, six months apart, and just dialed in on the 800 # on their website. the service has been exemplary, the quote comes over almost immediately, and the customers have loved their products. they‘ll give you great advice on the best fit in their product line for what you are trying to accomplish. good luck and good hunting! (tim)kiersten g. provided excellent responsive service when dealing with my inquiry and helped me get a late project back on track. a five-star rating from my point of view. (robert g)thank you kiersten! this will be our 3rd case from you guys. the other two are working great. one of our veteran guys in it said these are the best cases he has ever used. please spread our appreciation to your entire team! have a great weekend! (scott)we received our order. thank you for all your help selecting the best case and making the ordering process so easy for me. specialty cases is lucky to have you as a team member!! you are my goto case provider now and will recommend you to all my contacts. please share my comments with your management team. (chris)thank you kiersten! this will be our 3rd case from you guys. the other two are working great. one of our veteran guys in it said these are the best cases he has ever used. please spread our appreciation to your entire team! have a great weekend! (scott)thank you so much. we absolutely appreciate it. from the beginning, i was amazed at how thorough and amazing your company’s customer service is. we have been so well taken care of and your honest concern about what would be best for us is non-par! what a great company! as for the contribution – wow – moved me to tears. i will let them know here… what a wonderful act of kindness, may it come back to you and to specialty cases 10-fold! thank you! we are honestly and humbly grateful! (marisol)     

 

contact us
p.o. box 936 sykesville, md 21784 toll free 800-267-1674 phone 301-497-9032 email info@specialtycases.com
federal tax id 46-4868111 d&b 07-949-6339 naics 326199 cage code 1mjb0


shop
flat screen cases laptop cases shockmounted racks server cases shipping cases clearance cases


my account
account loginaccount logoutaccount information


customer service
contact us about us request quote photo gallery testimonialsglossary faqsshipping policyreturns parts & warrantiesprivacy policycases in action


forms
w9 form 889 compliance form request for credit approval


 


call now 800-267-1674    copyright © 2024 specialty cases all rights reserved.


 



