









home - ocean forest ecolodge






























































 



© 2018 ocean forest ecolodge















 

rates
contact
blog
 
















lodging
activities
travel

arriving
departing
drake bay travel details
sierpe travel details
group travel
helpful contacts
travel tips


programs
 





 




book nowhost a retreat 







 





 your portal to a timeless nature experience  ~  where the mighty rainforest meets the sparkling pacific ocean! 
a remote nature lodge in the heart of the osa peninsula, just south of drake bay and just north of corcovado national park 










  











 ecolodge retreatwe invite you to experience pure nature—on a secluded paradise beach, surrounded by exuberant rainforest and a verdant ethnobotanical garden, abundant with birds and wildlife. a visit here will leave each cell in your body singing “pura vida!” 




 wholesome cuisineguests enjoy three wholesome meals daily made with love and an organic "farm to table" ethos. thick juices from locally grown seasonal fruits are served alongside an array of freshly harvested medicinal plants, detox teas and aromatic herbs all add zest to the goodness. 




 accommodationscozy and rustic accommodations with private bathrooms and ocean views, surrounded by rainforest and right on the beach! ideal for couples, group retreats, and reunions, this is a place to re-discover, re-fresh, and renew!   











 rainforest ocean settinga nature sanctuary bordering corcovado national park and the caño island oceanic reserve, surrounded by thousands of acres of protected rainforest, beaches and ocean. the mega biological diversity of the rainforest teeming with bird and wildlife meets a pristine paradise beach and the sparkling pacific ocean where dolphins and whales play and sing.  




 tours & activitiesperfectly situated to explore the natural beauty of the osa peninsula. in addition to the classic tours such as corcovado national park, whale and dolphin viewing excursions, and snorkeling and scuba diving at caño island, we also offer a unique array of exhilarating nature discovery activities. 




 ethnobotanical gardenshundreds of species of native and rare ethnobotanical treasures from central and south america are tended with love and care. permaculture, food forests, and herb gardens produce a seasonal cornucopia of delectable fruits, medicinal products, edible leaves, aromatic spices, and flowers. 










  











 ocean forest ecolodge videos 




  




  




  










  











 latest ocean forest ecolodge blog posts 


read more +12 july 2022 by jonathon miller weisberger in biodiversity, cacao, culture, ethnobotany, plant medicine, rainforest, sacred sitesconservation adventures at the epicenter of botanical diversity…10 november 2023 by oceanforest in programsspecial programs and retreatsread more +12 april 2021 by jonathon miller weisberger in biodiversity, culture, ecolodge, ocean, plant medicine, rainforest, sacred sitessee~diii: a 9th dimensional goddess protects the osa peninsula













  











 


 thank you to the amazing staff of ocean forest for serving in the highest way!—abby tucker, yoga instructor berkeley, california 





 sacred love– sting, musician england 





 we had a fabulous time and a very positive experience.lorraine aguilar, yoga flow studio, new york england 




 











 





 

room rates
hold harmless agreement
cancellation policy







newsletter
subscribe to our newsletter and let each cell in your body sing pura vida!


















subscribe








thank you!
you will receive a confirmation email.







 rainforest ~ bird watching ~ trekking ~ canopy zip line ~ adventure tours ~ nature trails ~ conservation ~ ocean ~ paradise beach ~ snorkel ~ scuba diving ~ surfing ~ marine turtles ~ dolphins ~ whales ~ ethnobotanical gardens ~ permaculture ~ bamboo ~ brick oven volunteering ~ medicinal plants ~ aromatic herbs ~ yoga retreats ~ massage ~ chi gong ~ meditation ~ tai chi ~ original architecture ~ bungalow rooms ~ beach cabins





get social

© 2019. all rights reserved by ocean forest ecolodge. 








top



























