  the magick cauldron - metaphysical supplies - 713-523-0069        
  
skip to content


main menu
 homeabout usshopmenu togglealtar suppliesmenu togglealtar tilesbroomscauldronschaliceswandscandlesmenu togglecrystal journey votive candleserotic couple candlesfigure candleslarge pillar candles8″ taper candlespillar candlesseven knob candlesskull candlessmall pillar candlessoy votivestaper candlesmagickal herbsmenu toggleherbs a – eherbs f – mherbs n – zherbal blendsmortars and pestlesincensemenu toggleauroshikha incensebulk resin incenseescential essencesgums, resins & powder incensemorning starpowdered incenseresin stick incense & other incensesmudge sticks and smudge accessoriestempest mystic incensemagickal oilsmenu toggleblended oilsmenu togglespecific purposes oils a-especific purposes oils f-mspecific purposes oils n-zunblended magickal oilsmenu toggleunblended magickal oils a-eunblended magickal oils f-munblended magickal oils n-zv is for voodoo oilscustom oilsmagickal spraysspell kitsdivinationmenu toggleoracle cardstarot cardstarot kitspendulumsrune setswood tarot boxespocket stonesmenu togglestones a – estones f – mstones n – zjewelrymenu toggletalismanssoaps & bath saltsmenu toggleseventh sojourn bath saltsseventh sojourn soapsv is for voodoo soapathames & knivesoddities and weird stuffgift cardsmy accountmenu toggleordersaccount detailsfaqblogcontact us



0								

houston's best pagan & ren faire supplierserving houston and the surrounding area for over 30 years!!open monday – saturday  10am-7pm | sunday 12pm – 6pm






 
713-523-0069

welcome to the magick cauldronthe magick cauldron is the premier retailer of witchcraft supplies, pagan supplies and wicca supplies and renaissance gear with superior customer satisfaction ratings. we have served houston and the world for over 30 years. we owe our success to you, our loyal customers who over the year shave accompanied us on this magickal journey and helped us to provide the very best items to you. we thank you all and hope you will continue to stay with us for years to come!over 20,000 different products in house and in stock including over 3000 titles in books!!fast order turnaround , all orders shipped out usps priority mail every week.the magick cauldron respects and protects your privacy as well as your personal information and never shares it with anyone.orders are packed with care so they’re shipped safely.the magick cauldron is a owned and operated by folks just like you with a knowledgeable staff that can assist you in what you are looking for be it information or merchandise.

tarot readingstarot readings currently available by appointment.give us a call to set up your next reading!


classeskeep an eye out for our upcoming classes! past classes include witchcraft 101, tarot 101, and pendulums 101. more information coming soon!


harley
it is with our deepest sadness that we tell you, our beloved harley crossed the rainbow bridge may 13 2024. she has been a stable companion and brought comfort, amusement, and joy not only to paul but to the shop and all it’s patrons during her lifetime with us. she had a beautiful 14 years of great care and all the pets she could want. we will greatly miss her.jeannie
the loveliest princess the shop has ever had. jeannie was friend and comfort to everyone, especially if you had snacks. full of grace and poise, until a dog walked by or she wanted a belly rub. jeannie was love, loving and loved by all. she brightened the day of many and was the constant companion to paul for 11 long wonderful years. she aged with grace and passed with dignity.you will be missed and remembered. safe journey across the rainbow bridge and be welcomed home to peace with your sister harley.merry meet, merry part until we merry meet again.

stone of the month: rose quartz
chakra: heartzodiac: scorpio, taurus, libraplanet: venuselement: watercolor: pinknumber: 7deities: aphrodite/venus (greek/roman goddess of love and beauty), astarte(phoenician goddess of fertility, love, and war), turan (etruscan goddess of love and beauty)keywords: love, beauty, compassion, forgiveness, self-love, calming, patience, soothing, love & relationships, joy, creativity, healing, relaxation, anxiety relief

mission statementthe magick cauldron was started in april of 1985 with the intent and focus of helping others to find their own personal path of enrichment and enlightenment.as the oldest and largest occult store in the city of houston, texas, our business priority is and always will be information and ritual supply. we achieve this by having a friendly and knowledgeable staff. we come from all walks of life and have experience in many traditions. if there is something we don’t know, we’ll tell you! we’ll also try, to the best of our ability, to help you find the answer. our primary goal is to help the individual explore their personal path to enlightenment.some of the services we offer include magical consultation, classes, tarot readings, cleansings (complimentary on sundays), and a knowledgeable staff willing to give information on subject matter that they are familiar with.we also happen to be the largest sword vendor at the texas renaissance festival. we show over 1000 different blades from costume pieces to antiques and modern combat grade weapons. we also have armor and helmets for sale. join us in october and november at booths 54 & 55.we’re not here to do the work for you but empower you with the knowledge, skills, and support to complete your journey. we’re not here to offer gimmicks. we’re not here to judge. we’re tolerant to all paths towards enlightenment.  only the individual can make the journey. no one can make it for them. so, come see us and let us help you on your journey to empowerment and enlightenment.
have you seen us on tv?









oddities and weird stuffever see weird stuff and say to yourself, “wtf is that?”  well we have too, except we have that weird stuff for sale for you to see and own .  click the button to go to our oddities section of the site and be prepared for the strange, exciting,  downright cool stuff!!





click if you dare













our recent products!quick viewsanta muerte oracle
$19.95rated 0 out of 5quick viewblack cats tarot
$23.95rated 0 out of 5quick viewglow in the dark tarot
$24.95rated 0 out of 5quick viewthe complete tarot kit
$51.95rated 0 out of 5





















see what customers have to say!

i love this shop! it’s the best in houston i’ve been going for 30 years at every location they had and visit their shop at the ren fest also! if you haven’t been here go check it out!!!
kristie s.houston, tx
this place has the best sage in  houston. they also have anything else you would want as far as spiritualism items. great quality crystals too! my sister introduced me to this store and it has been absolutely wonderful. the staff is always friendly and helpful, ready to answer questions. do your research and come here and find what you need. i highly recommend this place. some stuff can be pricey but for the most part i would say they are reasonable.
amanda s.houston, tx
hand made wands, fine jewelry, henna from the simple to the stunning, herbs for tea or ritual use, tariff cards of all types, coldruns, figurines, clothes, celtic design bags, blacks books varying in size from a pocket book to a gem encrusted time: anything a witch could need.
carolhouston, tx
the magick cauldron is houston's premier one-stop shop for anything related to witchcraft, pagan, wiccan and renaissance! their staff is super knowledgeable and helpful. there is an outstanding selection of books, incense and stones for all your witchy needs. very cool place to spend a rainy day browsing really interesting objects!
kassidy m.houston, tx

the witches blog

quick candle magic			here are some quick and fast rules that i use for any kind of candle magic i’m going to perform. these

read more »		

june 21, 2024		

no comments		

magical ethics			magical ethics there’s been a lot of interesting things going on in the occult and magical community as a whole in

read more »		

april 26, 2024		

no comments		

definitions			some definitions going to be updating this list most likely weekly, with either a new definition or new insight into the

read more »		

may 6, 2020		

no comments		for more articles click the button to go to our official blog section





to the witches blog


2424 montrose blvd.houston, tx  77006





713-523-0069

follow us


facebook-f
 



youtube
 



instagram
 



tiktok
 
site menuhomeabout usshopaltar suppliesaltar tilesbroomscauldronschaliceswandscandlescrystal journey votive candleserotic couple candlesfigure candleslarge pillar candles8″ taper candlespillar candlesseven knob candlesskull candlessmall pillar candlessoy votivestaper candlesmagickal herbsherbs a – eherbs f – mherbs n – zherbal blendsmortars and pestlesincenseauroshikha incensebulk resin incenseescential essencesgums, resins & powder incensemorning starpowdered incenseresin stick incense & other incensesmudge sticks and smudge accessoriestempest mystic incensemagickal oilsblended oilsspecific purposes oils a-especific purposes oils f-mspecific purposes oils n-zunblended magickal oilsunblended magickal oils a-eunblended magickal oils f-munblended magickal oils n-zv is for voodoo oilscustom oilsmagickal spraysspell kitsdivinationoracle cardstarot cardstarot kitspendulumsrune setswood tarot boxespocket stonesstones a – estones f – mstones n – zjewelrytalismanssoaps & bath saltsseventh sojourn bath saltsseventh sojourn soapsv is for voodoo soapathames & knivesoddities and weird stuffgift cardsmy accountordersaccount detailsfaqblogcontact us
homeabout usshopaltar suppliesaltar tilesbroomscauldronschaliceswandscandlescrystal journey votive candleserotic couple candlesfigure candleslarge pillar candles8″ taper candlespillar candlesseven knob candlesskull candlessmall pillar candlessoy votivestaper candlesmagickal herbsherbs a – eherbs f – mherbs n – zherbal blendsmortars and pestlesincenseauroshikha incensebulk resin incenseescential essencesgums, resins & powder incensemorning starpowdered incenseresin stick incense & other incensesmudge sticks and smudge accessoriestempest mystic incensemagickal oilsblended oilsspecific purposes oils a-especific purposes oils f-mspecific purposes oils n-zunblended magickal oilsunblended magickal oils a-eunblended magickal oils f-munblended magickal oils n-zv is for voodoo oilscustom oilsmagickal spraysspell kitsdivinationoracle cardstarot cardstarot kitspendulumsrune setswood tarot boxespocket stonesstones a – estones f – mstones n – zjewelrytalismanssoaps & bath saltsseventh sojourn bath saltsseventh sojourn soapsv is for voodoo soapathames & knivesoddities and weird stuffgift cardsmy accountordersaccount detailsfaqblogcontact us
©1997 - 2022 - the magick cauldron - all rights reserved
scroll to top  
                    
privacy policy 




