




home - tra medical imaging






































































menu








253-761-4200  |  866-761-4200






bill pay



schedule an appointment



careers



sign in









about



mission, values, and guiding principles


news


acr accreditation


executive leadership team


careers


life at tra


physician recruiting




holiday hours


hospitals we serve


professional and teleradiology services


our history


dr. william b. jackson




our culture: a poem


tra medical imaging foundation


nondiscrimination notice


website privacy policy





diversity




locations




services




tra theranostics




for patients



sub-specialized radiology


patient safety


safeguarding against covid-19


radiation safety




2024 breast screening changes


exam preparation instructions


abdomen ultrasound preparation




your medical records


billing information


bill payment


contracted insurance plans


financial assistance


cost-effective care




tra mobile app


tra mobile faq


tra mobile features




patient portal


patient portal – frequently asked questions




schedule your appointment


patient rights, responsibilities, and expectations




share your story





for providers



clinical staff education


contact information


radiology ordering guide


download materials


insurance authorizations


protecting access to medicare act


clinical decision support


our roadmap for auc




breast density


imaging consultations


emr integration


tra provider portals


provider portal access and information


tra/dinw pacs portal


medinformatix (mi) provider-only portal




provider notifications


provider feedback





our physicians




contact us



contact information


contact us form


















inclement weather
with inclement weather in the forecast, please check this page for updates on any adjusted hours or closures. follow the link below where we will provide updated information to ensure the safety and convenience of our staff and visitors. stay safe and plan accordingly!
inclement weather information


 









know your risk
know your risk of coronary artery disease before you have symptoms. schedule your ct cardiac calcium score study today!
learn more


 









proudly great place to work certified for the 7th year in a row!
we’re thrilled to share that tra medical imaging has been recognized as a great place to work for the seventh consecutive year! this certification reflects our unwavering commitment to fostering a positive, supportive environment for our team, ensuring we deliver the highest level of care to our patients.
learn more


 









caring for your health this winter
this winter, common health concerns like pneumonia, joint pain, and injuries from icy conditions can be effectively diagnosed with the help of imaging technologies such as x-rays, mris, and ct scans. consulting the right healthcare provider—whether a primary care physician, pulmonologist, rheumatologist, or orthopedic specialist—is essential for proper diagnosis and treatment.
learn more


 









psma pet offered in tacoma
psma pet, an advanced imaging method that detects prostate cancer with greater accuracy than conventional techniques, is available at tra in tacoma. get the specialized care you need close to home.


 











schedule an appointment








find a provider








pay your bill








find a location




trusted, high-quality medical imaging, close to home
tra medical imaging offers convenient and affordable, high-quality diagnostic imaging with expert care across the south puget sound region.


                about tra
            












tra mobile
the tra mobile app offers everything our patients need in one place. with features like scheduling appointments, navigation for both apple and android users, access to imaging results and more - patients can access everything they need at their fingertips.

learn more











tra endovascular
did you know we offer non-surgical treatment options for venous insufficiency? our subspecialty trained vascular physicians will work with patients to come up with a personalized treatment plan to address specific vein problems.

learn more











patient connection
our patient connection portal is a secure, mobile-friendly web-based platform that lets you manage your radiology care from your pc, tablet, or mobile device. schedule or cancel appointments, check in, complete forms, view imaging results, and more.

log in











latest posts





february 4, 2025

how much will my imaging exam cost? understanding insurance and out-of-pocket costs
when your doctor orders an imaging exam, one of the first questions you might have…






january 17, 2025

what does it take to become a radiologist?
becoming a radiologist requires an extraordinary level of dedication, education, and training. radiologists are medical…






january 3, 2025

celebrating seven consecutive years as a great place to work
we are proud to announce that tra medical imaging has been certified as a great…






december 31, 2024

your health, your resolution: kickstart the new year with the right screenings
the start of a new year often brings promises to prioritize health and wellness, but…



view all news


latest 5 star reviews


5.0





















on google, february 11, 2025
                                    
pat van antwerpen

                                        easy to schedule by phone. kind friendly staff. good experience having hip and knee x-rayed.
                                    



on google, february 10, 2025
                                    
pamela mann

                                        the people who work with you and fo your tests are very sweet and involve and inform you of everything along the way - "paris" who did my exams is very polite and kind.  i was able to get in and out.
now, making an appointment is a different story.  hard to get through on the phone, have left messages,  wanted to try to book two appts on the same day - no one ever called me.  there is wait time on the phone, i was transferred around incorrectly and hung up on having to start over.
front desk (though i've been there previously needed to see my medical card and faked the same questions each appt.  i was not able to pre- register on line - could not get the code and enter it - tried several times each  appt and gave up.  my medical card was not in my wallet/ think i  was not given it back at last appt? had to call my husband to have him send front and back photos of my old card. it took more time than necessary.
                                    



on google, february 9, 2025
                                    
erin bigelow

                                        highly recommend! very thorough and all staff are very friendly and professional. felt very comfortable.
                                    



more reviews







follow us on instagram









	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            feb 10                        




                open            






















	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            feb 7                        




                open            






















	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            feb 6                        




                open            






















	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            feb 4                        




                open            






















	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            feb 1                        




                open            























	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            jan 30                        




                open            
 





















	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            jan 29                        




                open            






















	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            jan 28                        




                open            






















	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            jan 24                        




                open            






















	    
            tramedicalimaging        





                            jan 22                        




                open            





























need help?

contact us
schedule an appointment

253-761-4200
© 2025 tra medical imaging
website design & development by sitecrafting.


locations

tra tacoma – on union
tra olympia – on lilly
tra gig harbor
tra lakewood
tra endovascular




about us

about us
our history
news
teleradiology & professional services
mission, vision, & values
diagnostic imaging center of excellence
website privacy policy



join our team

careers

follow us




























© 2025 tra medical imaging. all rights reserved.website design & development by sitecrafting.





close 
close warning message






search


search







sign in

close warning message








patient connection portal
pacs portal
mi provider portal















