














	social work licensing exam prep - awsb bsw msw lcsw practice exams


















 log in
subscribe






social work exam
since 1996






home
our team
exam services
free exam
testimonials
faq
contact



















freepracticeexam
subscribe





we can help you pass your exam!






                        improve your scorewith unlimited full length practice exams!
                    



                    whether you sign up for a day or a month, your membership includes unlimited access to practice exams. click here to try one for free. 
                




                        study and playwith audio and video content!
                    



                    review content you've forgotten with our audio and video instruction, and brush up on definitions with our flashcards. click here to see what you get.
                




                        pass the first timewith hundreds of case studies!
                    



                    read hundreds of case studies describing typical situations to sharpen your analytical and diagnostic skills. click here to learn more.
                







let's get started!




free exam




subscription info








prev




'this was the only test prep that i did and i easily passed the exam this morning. the case studies were very helpful. i studied for about a week using this material. thank you!'





lindsay, fl










'hi dr. hutchinson, i just wanted to share with you that i passed my lmsw yesterday!! (first try :-).  thanks again for making such great studying materials available to students who are preparing for this test.  and i enjoy reading these inspirational stories!'





yardley, tennessee










'i passed my test!!!!'





brenda, florida










'just letting you know-- i passed! one almost needs training in critical thinking and recognizing meta messages  as well  in prep for this exam. it was a very, very difficult exam! this program helped me very much since i haven't practiced in 2  1/2 years. so grateful it's over!'





cindi, 










'this was not my first time sitting and taking this exam, this was however, the first time i used this website as a study tool.  the various prep questions and daily email helped me prepare the most.  i also used the flash cards at least 3 times a week.  i am finally happy that i can call myself an lcsw!!!!!!
thank you so much for coming up with this study prep.  well worth the money!'





elizabeth, fl






next
more testimonials


"i would recommend this site to others"



updated: february 2025









leave feedback








director's message



                    dr. linton hutchinson
                    

hi, i'm linton and guess what? i went through the same agony and anxiety that you might be experiencing right now. i personally look forward to taking tests as much as i look forward to a trip to the dentist. we were the first social work exam test prep site online, and for 18 years we've been providing a way to study for your exam so you can get on with your life and put this experience behind you as quickly and as painlessly as possible, right from your own home. it's in there.







our zero risk guarantee
we are so confident we offer the best online preparation material that if you don't pass your exam we will put you back on the site for the length of your original subscription for free. all you need to do is send us a screenshot of your results and we'll get you back online right away! and, if you still don't pass, don't worry, you will qualify for a reduced rate on future subscriptions. click here for our refund policy.



the licensure exams difference


the hard way
pay once & get one exam

a single exam starting at $35


the licensure way
pay once & get unlimited exams

subscriptions starting at $44.95






let's get started!




free exam




subscription info



































home
subscribe
exam services
testimonials
my menu
free resources
legal
privacy policy
faq
about us
contact


                
                this home study review covers the bachelors, masters, and clinical licensing aswb exams using multiple choice questions, case studies, and other interactive study materials. this is an extremely difficult exam that will require your dedication, commitment, and practice. the review material on www.socialworkexam.com can help you achieve your goal of passing the exam by providing the motivation and tools you will need. our site is also appropriate to use to study for the california national clinical social work exam. 
 licensure exams, inc. and www.socialworkexam.com are not affiliated or associated with the association of social work boards (aswb), formerly known as the american association of state social work boards (aasswb). aswb does not endorse or provide information to this social work licensing examination review program.
if you need national social work exam test requirements and test dates, contact the aswb which administers the national social work licensing exams. information regarding qualifications for these exams may be found on aswb's website at www.aswb.org. only they can give you official and current answers to your important questions. american association of state social work boards, aasswb, association of social work boards, and aswb are registered trademarks belonging to the american association of state social work boards.
all rights reserved.


  site developed by dylan hunt
                
                    © 2025 - licensure exams, inc.    
                    
                










