


florida retirement communities | lily lake golf resort









lily lake golf & rv resort



home
community
golf
site plan

rv ports
free info








 




contact info
lily lake golf & rv resort
								6603 u.s. hwy. 27 south
								frostproof, fl 33843
								561-756-1291
for tee times call:
								863-635-2676




20 lots available
									
											from $49,950






 
 


why lily lake?
we feature...

lot ownership
deeded property
rv lots
motor port homes
rv ports without home
designated rv areas
manufactured homes
golf course
55+ community
pet friendly
storage facility





planned exclusively for your pleasure
no matter what lifestyle you prefer, lily lake can satisfy your needs. whether it's bringing together new 
						friends or rediscovering old pleasure, you'll find it at lily lake.
play golf in your own backyard, take a refreshing dip in the sparkling pool, check out the billiards, 
						tennis and shuffleboard courts or fish all day on the lake. take part in many planned activities.
it's your choice. and you never have to leave the grounds!

an area of beauty and activity
lily lake is within easy driving distance of both florida coasts, as well as most major attractions, such as walt 
						disney world, epcot center, seaworld, universal studios, kennedy space center at cape canaveral, and 
						busch gardens.
there is also legoland (formerly cypress gardens) with its world famous shows and flower gardens. bok tower gardens 
						features a beautiful park-like sanctuary with daily carillon concerts, and highlands hammock state 
						park offers a 3,800-acre wildlife refuge encompassing a virgin hardwood forest.
lily lake is located just outside the quiet city of frostproof. the lovely parks and beautiful 
						lakes combined with friendly southern hospitality provide a contrast to the bustle of the busier tourist towns. 
						lily lake is also close to all the other amenities you love. modern shopping centers provide a wide selections 
						of goods. sophisticated healthcare facilities are nearby, as are churches, banks and convenience stores. plus, 
						a variety of restaurants, entertainment spots and cultural activities are available in the area. 
						heart of florida medical hospital in sebring is a new facility featuring the latest techniques.

 




home | 
					community | 
					golf | 
					site plan | 
					rental program | 
					rv ports | 
					free info
all content ©2024 by lily lake golf & rv resort. all rights reserved.
lily lake golf & rv resort • 6603 u.s. hwy. 27 s., frostproof, fl 33843 • 863-635-3685 • fax 863-635-3647
site managed by: openco.
 






		 
	
	


