

d8u -  find your perfect match!






























  

login
    









it all starts with a message

i ammalefemalewe will need to know a little more about you in order to help other site members find you.i am looking formalefemalehelp us help you find what you're looking for.what is your date of birth?a date of birth example is 27121990what is your email address?we'll send your login details to this address.please create a passwordthis must be at least six characters. try mixing numbers with letters for extra security. 12345by continuing you agree to our terms and conditions.view our  terms and conditions.

 login 

  






some of our users

sweetbar..(42)chrishur..(46)zane96(26)jane99(34)deedee12..(43)alisaser..(39)howardck(53)ann44(38)joshda23..(26)hjstreet(28)






date genuine singles!
fall in love with online dating, start living your love story. browse, message and meet singles in your area. we make it easy for you to find singles, use our region search to find dates in your area or in another city. meet singles that genuinely want to find their other half. it all starts with a message, send that first message and take it from there.
start messaging now






live your own love story!
we believe that you will find your special someone here. browse profiles and see what you have in common with others at a glance. you will be connected with people based on your interests and area. get involved in discussions of interest on our forums and read about user experiences. with a vip membership, you will have unlimited private messaging, access to private galleries and you can see who is interested in you. create new memories here.
create a profile






secure and genuine online dating!
d8u is a site you can trust. we never share or display your personal information, you choose how much you want to share with our community. our members are genuine and verified by our 24 hour customer support teams. we make sure you are safe and protected online. become a vip member and our site name won’t show up on your bank statements, keeping your profile discreet. step out of your comfort zone, start flirting now.
meet singles here






  


  



                                        © d8u
                                        powered by  cintilet limited
terms & conditions
privacy policy & cookies
contact support

                                            © d8u
cintilet limited
terms & conditions 
privacy policy 
contact support

















