




presbytery of sheppards and lapsley | 



































presbytery of sheppards and lapsley facebook presbytery of sheppards and lapsley twitter presbytery of sheppards and lapsley youtube 


search




 
 

primary menu
skip to primary content
home
about us

history
the sheppards and lapsley
presbytery banner
identity statement
staff directory
directions


church directory
committees

com
cpm
congregational vitality

congregational vitality
grants and loans
missioninsite


mission coordinator

congo partnership
self development of people
hunger action enabler


equip, nurture, connect

children’s ministries
sheppards and lapsley presbytery youth council (slpyc)
college ministries
leadership, training, and development – main event
small church ministries
presbyterian women


anti-racism


summer camp
main event
meetings
resources
church mission projects
spring retreat – february 21 – 23
online giving/paypal
anti-racism statements
events
matthew 25
menu 








 




 




 




 





 




 




 




 




 









moremeetingsimportant information for the upcoming february presbytery meeting  this presbytery meeting will be a hybrid meeting (in person/zoom) at first presbyterian church, wetumpka, al. we strongly encourage you to attend in person. it is our intent to provide a hybrid meetingread moremoreeventsthe presbytery offers a variety of events in many ministry areas throughout the year. from retreats and camps to workshops and fellowship, there is something going on all the time! check this space regularly for presbytery sponsored events as wellread moremorenewsletterthe presbytery of sheppards and lapsley produces an electronic newsletter twice a month. on this page you can signup to receive it and view the latest issue. click below to sign up to receive our newsletter.   view previous newsletters:read moremorecalendarmark your calendars for upcoming events and meetings throughout our presbytery. 
"partner with and equip present and emerging pc (usa)                                            
faith communities in central alabama to serve christ and our neighbors" 
general presbyter blogclick here for news from our general presbyter
menu 






informational zoom meetings re: upcoming amendments


by presbytery admin
january 17, 2025



bills and overture committee will be holding two informational meetings for presbytery commissioners about the upcoming amendment vote that will happen at the february presbytery meeting. the meetings will be on zoom on tuesday january 28th at 1pm and wednesdayread more
 




statement on dei law in alabama


by presbytery admin
october 7, 2024



on march 20, 2024, governor kay ivey signed into law senate bill 129. this new state law prohibits diversity, equity, and inclusion (dei) offices in the state’s universities. it will become effective on october 1, 2024. as christians in the presbyterian churchread more
 




healthy boundaries training


by presbytery admin
july 22, 2024



all ministers and ruling elders are required to participate in healthy boundary training for the presbytery of sheppards and lapsley. below is a link to a jotform registration form. this registration form contains registration information as well as the link to the video (whichread more
 




selma disaster relief-funding


by presbytery admin
june 8, 2023



many of you generous people have asked how to help out in selma. the january tornado destroyed 250 houses and damaged 350 more. the dallas county long term recovery group (ltrg) has been set up. it will coordinate the recoveryread more
 




book of order changes video


by presbytery admin
march 31, 2023



judge caryl privett of independent presbyterian church and attorney lee cleveland of south highland presbyterian church led a meeting thursday, march 30th to learn about the changes being proposed for our book of order. both caryl and lee have had experienceread more
 




statement denouncing racism


by presbytery admin
february 21, 2022



racism—the united states’ original sin—continues to divide this country, bringing harm to black, indigenous, people of color (bipoc). this stain of hatred beginning in 1492 with the marginalization of native americans and the enslavement of african americans is being carriedread more
 




project empathy has been completed!


by presbytery admin
december 14, 2021



project empathy, a project of the churches in the presbytery of sheppards and lapsley, presbyterian church usa , has completed its goal of raising money to eliminate medical debt in the black belt. the presbytery, in partnership with rip medicalread more
 




the anti-racism committee of presbytery of sheppards and lapsley denounces violence against asians


by presbytery admin
april 12, 2021



the recent acts of violence against our asian brothers and sisters in america have been heinous and horrific. there is no doubt that these acts, which are growing in frequency, are the result of the xenophobic rhetoric that was unearthedread more
 




ways your giving makes a difference


by presbytery admin
february 26, 2019



this presbytery is blessed with generous and faithful supporters of christ’s mission in this region and throughout the world. we participate in that mission of the larger church through “per capita” giving and “mission” giving. the brochure below was presentedread more
 




communities empowered & transformed


by presbytery admin
july 19, 2018



the executive council of the presbytery has approved the creation of the perry and dallas county fund. this fund is set up to provide aid to mission work in perry and dallas counties. in particular, funds will be provided toread more
 




minister contributionsyes, as a member of the presbytery of sheppards and lapsley i would like to make a donation.read moreonline church servicesseveral pcusa churches in our presbytery have livestream of their worship services available on facebook or other platforms. we are aware of the following churches that offer livestream and will plan to continue livestreaming services on sundays so their churchread morechurch mission projectsmission stories
menu pc (u.s.a.) newsconnect 







driving directions from i-65 exit onto i-459s at exit 250 heading west. the first exit on 459 is the galleria exit – exit 13. head north on hwy. 31 for about 100 yards to the first intersection. turn right onto municipal lane. at the stop sign turn right on municipal drive. [this is new in the last year.] stay on municipal drive until the next intersection which is lorna road. cross lorna road – at this point municipal drive becomes lorna ridge drive. go past the movie theater, and lorna ridge drive curves to the left. psl is the second building on the right.

view map
 

contact us 3603 lorna ridge drive
birmingham, al 35216
ph: 205-978-0320
email:psl@pslpcusa.org

 



copyright © 2025 presbytery of sheppards and lapsley. all rights reserved.













