


the brights' net - who are the brights?



















skip navigation.










home

home
synopsis
why the international brights movement?
videos
comprehension self-check




the vision

the vision
bright's principles
civic considerations
naturalistic worldview considerations  

 understanding a world view
examining the world view spectrum (pdf)
brights and supers compaired (pdf)


symbolism
faqs
curing misconceptions
tagline talk
word talk
backtalk!
essays on the brights


the people

the people
enthusiastic brights
blogging brights
books by brights
comments by brights
favorite quotes
brights sound bites
expressions and illuminations
brights central


the movement

the movement
a synopsis
making a movement
brights videos

main page
brights talk
civic umbrella for a wide-range diversity
brand new term / brand new meaning
inside the brights network


being a bright - a how-to
examples of participation
expressing your naturalistic worldview
brights merchandise
brights' toolbox

describing "what brights want"
confronting mortality
how can you be moral
responses to "god bless you"
responses to "i'll pray for you"
responses to child's "human origins" query
exclamations & expletives


the brights' bulletin
icons, logos, & banner downloads
the brights community

discussion forum
brights' community clusters
brights-friendly meetups
bumping into brights
other brights sites




the action

the action
register
activities
support the brights
concepts


community 

community
discussion forums
brights' community clusters
brights-friendly meetups
bumping into brights
other brights sites















untitled document



who are the brights?


we are participants in an international internet constituency of individuals. all of us have a naturalistic worldview, free of supernatural or mystical elements.
a bright's ethics and actions are based on a naturalistic worldview.
the brights aspire to an egalitarian civic vision. we want citizens who have a naturalistic worldview to be accepted as full participants in civil society


definitions:  
  a "super" (noun) is a person whose worldview includes supernatural and/or mystical elements. 
  a "bright" (n.) is a person whose worldview is naturalistic (no supernatural and mystical elements).
a "bright" is a bright who has registered at this website  in support of the egalitarian civic vision of the brights movement.
what is the challenge?
 currently, the naturalistic worldview is insufficiently expressed within most cultures - even politically and socially repressed. to be a bright is to participate in a movement to address the situation. 
there is a great diversity of persons who have a naturalistic worldview. some are members of existing organizations that foster a supernatural-free perspective, but far more are not associated with any formal group or label. under the broad umbrella of the naturalistic worldview, participants in the constituency of brights can undertake social and civic actions designed to influence a society otherwise permeated with supernaturalism. 
 this website registers brights into the constituency (of brights) and serves as a communications hub for actions that align with the aims and principles of the brights movement.  
featured projects:






what's this project about?
what's this project about?


support our vision
the brights' net is entirely funded by personal donations of individuals  from across the globe. most are brights. but there are  supers who also want to help advance the civic vision of the brights movement. whether you are a bright or a super, if you would like to support this  vision of civic equality for the citizens who have a naturalistic worldview, please consider becoming a "checkbook activist" by following this  link:
 
is your worldview naturalistic?

 think about your own worldview to decide if it is free of supernatural or mystical deities, forces, and entities. 
if you decide that you fit the description above, then you are, by definition, a bright!
 on this website, you can simply say so and, by doing so, join with brights from all over the world in an extraordinary initiative to elevate the thinking of society—the brights movement. 

 
 with the information you provide, we count you a bright in your locale (by nation and/or postal code), but we will never release your name, e-mail, or address to anyone without your express written permission. after enrollment, you may manage your subscription settings from the link on this page to receive or not receive the monthly e-mail bulletins. 







the brights movement

synopsis
videos
comprehension self-check
read the latest bulletin





search this site











supporting the brights

financial support
		


online donations
ebay giving works 
igive.com shopping
amazon purchases
givv.org


activism
		
individual activities
volunteer




register as a bright
edit registration, change your email, address, profile, and more
forgot password?


enthusiastic brights










register
support the brights
contact us
privacy
accessibility
top of page










the brights' netp.o. box 163418sacramento, ca 95816 usa
e-mail: the-brights@the-brights.netto be counted as a bright, please use the registration form.
copyright © 2025 the brights' network. all rights reserved.
 
"the brights" logo by the brights' net is licensed under a creative commons  license.
based on a work at the-brights.net.permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at http://the-brights.net.




