


	oak rockers | troutman chairs online dealer










































showroom: 7599 highway 801
   cooleemee, nc 27014 
    call: 1 (877) oak-rock














home 


services 


about 


quick ship 


contact 



















 authorized dealer, troutman chair, co.
perfect views. perfect comfort.

 

order now

 



















buy the world's best rocking chairs
founded in 1924 in the foothills of north carolina, troutman chair company has long been known for making the best oak rocking chairs, chairs, and stools. their products are constructed without glue, using a technique called swelled joint construction. having their own sawmill allows them to use this technique. larger posts (front and back) are seasoned 6 to 9 months and smaller rounds (rungs) are kiln dried. with the variance in moisture content, the small posts absorb moisture from the large and swell, while the larger posts lose moisture and shrink, making a much tighter fit than if they had been glued together. a troutman chair will get tighter over time.
 ships anywhere in the u.s.
(chairs come assembled except for bottom runners)
our chairs feature:
contoured for comfort - easy rocking - solid hardwood construction - durable interlocking joinery
stainless steel braces - 3 coats of water-based urethane paint - lifetime warranty















rockers




chairs




stools




tables




















the official kennedy rocker®
the official kennedy rocker® is steeped in history. this rocker was beloved by president john f. kennedy to relieve back pain from a lingering war injury. prescribed by his doctor, janet travell, who attested that rocking relieves tension in the lower back by keeping muscles moving – contracting and relaxing. the woven cane seat and back offer firmness and natural spring. a perfect choice to gift a loved one because it ships fully assembled and ready to rock.
order now














 


a tradition of excellence since
1924






















call: 1(877) oak-rock
showroom:
7599 hwy 801
cooleemee n.c. 27014





call us to order!

rocking chairs
chairs
stools
tables



links

home
order
about
contact
privacy policy
shipping & returns















© copyright 2025 oakrockers.com, all rights reserved.






website design & hosting by website express | 
login














