



double gun headquarters: fine english, american and german double shotguns, double rifles, and wingshooting in north america, africa, argentina, england and spain 

























  






a virtual marketplace by whitworth arms llc: buy with confidence, sell with ease!




























																								- online store																								- apply to sell
																								- seller login
																								- customer enquiries
																								- policies/terms of sale
																								- terms of use
																								- shipping restrictions
																								- about nr llc
																								- home
sister siteswww.vh2q.comwww.bigfivehq.comwww.networkretailing.comwww.whitwortharms.com
- wingshooting destinations
- reference
- links
- articles
- picture galleries










 










welcome!
welcome to the first and only multiseller firearms
                    site dedicated to fine double guns. our seller members, comprised of federally licenced
                    dealers and bona fide manufacturers only, currently offer 6570 new and preowned
                    items for sale, including fine american (esp. lefever, remington and a.h. fox), english (esp.
                    w.w. greener) and german double shotguns and double rifles, combination
                    rifle/shotguns and drillings, guncases, apparel, books, reloading tools and supplies,
                    and ammunition.
                        our seller community has pledged to bring you a wide selection of fine double guns
                        and accessories, honestly described, to bring their expertise to bear on your questions,
                        and to ship items promptly upon receipt of payment. we are the importer of the finnclassic
                        512s (valmet 412) system guns by marocchi and also of chapuis shotguns and double
                        rifles. we offer our own unique sxs "shot & ball" slug guns. in addition we are pleased to offer wingshooting (bird hunting) in north
                        america, africa (namibia and south africa), argentina, england, and spain.
                        
                            our inventory is updated in real time so every item displayed is in stock.
                            for your convenience, you make a single payment no matter how many items you purchase,
                            and every sale is an escrow sale. please refer to our terms of use and policies
                            for important information regarding the use of this site, terms of sale, and the
                            common code of commercial practices followed by our sellers.
                                for heavy and varmint caliber rifles and accessories, please visit our sister sites
                                http://bigfivehq.com and 
                                    http://vh2q.com.
















our partners:

                    cd europe/finnclassic (valmet/tikka 412/512)shotguns, double rifles and combination
                    guns
                    chapuis double shotguns and double rifles
                    parker hale english gun cleaning tools and accessories
                    
                    mk owen - hinge pin lube for double guns .. keep that fine double tight!
                    double gun hq - damascus shotgun barrel wax and rapid english stock finish for fine
                    double guns of yesteryear


use the "apply to sell" link on this page to list your products
                        for sale on this site



wingshooting destinations:








driven perdiz in western spain: ex madrid, traditional driven hunts for red-legged partridge (chukar), upscale private accommodation, for parties of 6-12 hunters, 400 birds, 2 nights w. one full day 
hunting, euro 2000-3400 per gun (12 - 6 guns) plus vat, spouses accommodation/meals free. includes road transfers from/to madrid, licenses, all meals, cartridges, and moderate alcohol. walk-up days available on request. 
"wingshoot the world"sm ex usa, includes africa (5 days), argentina (5 days), uk (3 days sept) or spain (3 days oct), duration 18-20 days incl. travel, 10 guns @$10,900, 6 guns @$9,900 observers $3,350 incl. meals, accommo, guides, moderate alchohol; excl. 
				airfare, tips, shells, personal expenses. itinerary flexible, independent time accommodated
argentina, santiago del estero (sde) ex sde, 4 guns min. 3 days dove + 1500 cartridges, $1,350; 2 days doves + 2 days pigeons + 1000 cartridges, $1,480; 2 days dove hunting + 2 days pigeons + 2 days ducks + 1500 cartridges $2,550. 
packages include ammo, accommo, meals, guides, vehicles. big game add-on available 



zimbabwe private ex bulawayo two guns/rods cast & blast $2750 ea: 7 nights 6 days fishing for bass on private water, with rough shooting for geese, francolin, guinea fowl. excl airfare, tips, shells, personal expenses.
				 excellent plains game hunting, esp waterbuck, bushbuck, klipspringer, impala, trophy fees additional.

south africa, private ex jnb or ptg  bushveld and kwazulu natal, 9 nights, 6 hunting days, one transfer day 2-6 guns, high numbers of birds, francolin walked up or over dogs, guinea fowl (best hunted
 in a larger group), plus waterfowl. $2990 per gun sharing accommo, excl tips, airfare, ammo and alcohol. road transfer from jnb to bushveld lodge $400 per vehicle if necessary.

contact us by email regarding these shoots


featured guns:







 chapuis double rifles unique hand-engraved and -finished round-bodied light double rifle by chapuis 
with african game scenes with optional scope and 20 ga shotgun barrels.  
in calibers to 9.3x74r, view the gallery here rex africaine; 
and other fine chapuis guns here  agex jungle, ugex buffalo, 
and finally thergex and rex series 3 guns.

finnclassic 512 system in stock: the incredibly versatile finnclassic system guns (formerly sold as valmet 412 and tikka 512). 
fantastic value, superb accuracy, european quality, proven strength and durability. now in three grades, 
view the gallery. download the  catalog. 
 and contact us by email to order. 
as always with lothar walther cut-rifled barrels with adjustable regulation, 12 ga shotgun, combo, and double rifle up to 9.3x74r. 
"bad boy shot & ball" tm sxs gun, 26" 20 or 12 ga, regulated for brenneke slugs and usable with any type of shot, ejector or non-ejector. game scene engraved scalloped action, hand-checkered walnut stock with full length trigger tang, full length rifle rib with integral quarter rib, necg/rechnagel folding sight. 20ga extractor guns now all gone, 12ga ejector guns avail at $2250 - place orders online per normal procedure. for additional pics, see  picture gallery.





note:
            inventory is updated in real time: everything you see is in stock, no need to email
            the seller first
            all sales on approval: 3 day inspection, refer to policies page for details
            all sales are escrow sales: funds released to seller after inspection period lapses;
            buy with confidence!
        
items


© copyright r.p. gould 2002-2014













