
























national endowment for the arts home page | national endowment for the arts











skip to main content

















search





 





follow us on x
follow us on facebook
follow us on linkedin
apple store
follow us on instagram
follow us on youtube






menu





grants


grants


grants for arts projects


challenge america


our town


research awards


partnership agreement grants


creative writing


translation projects


volunteer to be an nea panelist


manage your award


recent grants






initiatives


initiatives


artshere


arts education partnership


blue star museums


citizens' institute on rural design


creative forces: nea military healing arts network


gsa's art in architecture


independent film & media arts field-building initiative


interagency working group on arts, health, & civic infrastructure


international


mayors' institute on city design


musical theater songwriting challenge


national folklife network


nea big read


nea research labs


poetry out loud


save america's treasures


shakespeare in american communities


sound health network


united we stand






stories


stories


american artscape magazine 


nea art works podcast


national endowment for the arts blog






impact


impact


states and regions


research


accessibility


arts & artifacts indemnity program


arts and health


arts education


convenings


creative placemaking


disaster readiness & recovery for the arts and culture sector


historically black colleges and universities (hbcus)


literary arts


media arts


native arts and culture






honors


honors


nea jazz masters fellowships


national heritage fellowships


national medal of arts






news


news


press releases


upcoming events






about


about


national council on the arts


leadership and staff


what is the nea


publications


national endowment for the arts on covid-19


open government


freedom of information act (foia)


office of the inspector general


civil rights office


appropriations history


make a donation




























fifth grade students and their teacher from parkside elementary in atlanta’s grant park neighborhood worked with art on the atlanta beltline muralist aysha pennerman (not pictured) to create four temporary murals on the beltline’s southside trail near the school. the 2023 initiative marked the first art collaboration between atlanta public schools and the beltline. photo by the sintoses, courtesy of atlanta beltline












local schools attend dance maker academy’s 2023 the nutcracker performances. photo courtesy of art maker












devesh chandra demonstrates tabla to students in the schenectady school district. photo courtesy of the new york folklore society 






what’s happening at the nea









a conversation with 2024 nea national heritage fellow june kuramoto









national endowment for the arts fy 2026 grant opportunities 









a soldier's artful life: a conversation with spc ryan p. dewolfe










featured news


            see all news
          








national endowment for the arts supports the arts with nearly $36.8 million in funding nationwide









national endowment for the arts announces arts, health, and well-being demonstration projects









shakespeare in american communities expands to support apprenticeships, community-based theater engagement









featured stories

see all stories









blog


grant spotlight: harmony project productions (columbus, ohio)









podcast


revisiting andy statman

klezmer clarinetist, mandolin player, composer, 2012 national heritage fellow








magazine article


joyfully together

how the atlanta beltline connects neighbors to their city and to each other










grants
the national endowment for the arts awards grants to nonprofit organizations, creative writers and translators, state arts agencies, and regional arts organizations in support of arts projects across the country. 


go to the grants section » 


volunteer to be an nea panelist »






impact
see the impact of the arts endowment on your state, and how the agency's work in research, accessibility, and other areas has had a major impact in the arts and culture of the country. 


go to the impact section »










some facts about the national endowment for the arts
the national endowment for the arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all americans with diverse opportunities for arts participation.


approximately 2,700 grants
recommended for grant awards annually in all 50 states, dc, and u.s. territories. 


more than 70 percent
percentage of arts endowment grants that go to small and medium-sized organizations (budgets up to $2 million).


approximately 33 percent 
percentage of arts endowment-funded activities in high-poverty communities.








some facts from the national endowment for the arts
these facts are based on the most recent data (2022) from the arts and cultural production satellite account (acpsa), which is produced jointly by the national endowment for the arts’ office of research & analysis and the bureau of economic analysis, u.s. commerce department. the acpsa tracks the annual economic impact of arts and cultural production from 35 industries, both commercial and nonprofit. 


$1.1 trillion
amount the arts and cultural industries contribute to the u.s. economy. 


4.3 percent
percentage of the nation’s gross domestic product is accounted for by arts and cultural industries.


nearly 5.2 million
americans work in the arts and cultural industries on payroll.








some facts about the national endowment for the arts
the national endowment for the arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all americans with diverse opportunities for arts participation.


62 cents
the arts endowment’s annual cost to each american.


0.00337 percent
the arts endowment’s percentage of the federal budget. 


nearly $6 billion
amount awarded by the arts endowment since its beginning in 1965.








some facts from the national endowment for the arts
these facts are based on the most recent data (2022) from the survey of public participation in the arts (sppa), a national survey conducted in partnership with the u.s. census bureau that has allowed cultural policymakers, arts managers, scholars, and journalists to obtain reliable statistics about american patterns of arts engagement. 


utah
the state’s percentage of adults who attended a live performing arts event (62 percent) exceeded that of the national percentage of u.s. adults (38 percent). 


vermont
the percentage of the state’s adults who read a literary work (60 percent) far exceeded the national average (38 percent). 


wisconsin
the state’s adult population created or performed any type of art at a higher percentage (73 percent) than the national average for u.s. adults (52 percent). 








some facts about the national endowment for the arts
the national endowment for the arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all americans with diverse opportunities for arts participation.


approximately $8 million
amount of arts education funding for lifelong learning projects annually. 


more than 24 million
estimated number of people who attend a live arts event annually. 


42
percentage of nea grants awarded to localities of less than a million people. 











stay connected to the national endowment for the arts
sign up for our newsletters and magazine


newsletter signup
magazine signup









about


contact us


civil rights


foia


no fear act


inspector general


accessibility


privacy policy


disclaimers


open government


usa.gov


section 508 accessibility


scam regarding nea grants





400 7th street, sw, washington, dc 20506  
202.682.5400



follow us on x
follow us on facebook
follow us on linkedin
apple store
follow us on instagram
follow us on youtube












