










arizona river runners - grand canyon rafting


































































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility










skip to content









plan

how to choose
a typical day
compare trip types
what to bring
faqs
reservation info
helpful links
2027 rafting schedule signup


3 day escape

3 day escape
details and video
on the river
bar 10 ranch
3 day faqs


full canyon

6 day motor
7 day motor
8 day motor
oar trips
specialty trips


about us

our story
why choose us
passenger reviews
our guides
contact us


blog
shop
 800.477.7238  




reservations: 800.477.7238 


explore trips
reservations: 800.477.7238 
reserve: 800.477.7238 


















                      grand canyon
river rafting                    
explore trips










find your perfect grand canyon trip


rafting the grand canyon has been our passion since 1970. we can’t wait to share this incredible experience with you! our staff will be with you every step of the way from helping you find the right trip until you return home – exhausted, sandy, and full of happy memories.
our river crew will guide you through famous rapids, take you to waterfalls deep within the canyon, and wow you with their backcountry culinary skills. we strive to make grand canyon river trips a reality for those with an adventurous spirit and desire to see the canyon up close.


explore what we offer:
compare trip types
how to choose
a typical day









"the trip was amazing! seeing the canyon from the river was unbelievable. the scenery, excitement, relaxation, rhythm of sleeping and rising with the sun.....all of it made this time one of the most relaxing vacations i have ever had! everyone should do this!" - lyn, age 62


read customer reviews



 



grand canyon river expeditions
grand canyon river trips are much more than a tour. these multi-day expeditions can have an empowering effect as passengers travel along the river through world-famous whitewater and hike to unimaginable places. completely unplugged from the distractions above the rim, our guests find it easy to spend quality time with family members and friends – old and new. each day is capped with a hearty meal and camping under a canopy of stars. explore our trip types or contact our helpful staff to find a grand canyon itinerary that’s just right for you.



 






customer testimonials

motor trips
oar trips
hiker’s special trips



3 day trip highlights

3 day video itinerary
3 day ranch activities
3 day river activities












no question too small!
want more info on river trip availability, packing, faqs?


contact us








contact us

		          arizona river runners		          info@raftarizona.com
reservations: 800.477.7238 		          office: 602.867.4866		          p.o. box 47788 		          phoenix, az 85068 u.s.a.
		          contact information
login



about us

		          arizona river runners is proud to be an authorized concessioner of the national park service and partner with leave no trace: center for outdoor ethics.

privacy policy cookie policy  


in partnership with








follow us
facebook
instagram
youtube
tripadvisor
 

© 2025 arizona river runners. all rights reserved.



































