






 



deborah singleton - teaching people how to get healthy and stay healthy






















































skip to content






a healing place


home meditations a healing place history about deborah singleton 💜 make a love offering 



 
home meditations a healing place history about deborah singleton 💜 make a love offering 



















deborah singleton and a healing place
deborah singleton retired from the office of a healing place in 2018. this website offers some history of her work, testimonials at the bottom of each page, and her current writing/meditations that she wants to share with you. the helpful healing thoughts, meditations, are free and offered with love as another way to enhance your growth and awareness.
four of her former apprentices continue the healing work through the entity fortheloveofhealing.com. physical location and remote energy balancing sessions are available. deborah continues with consulting and mentoring of this group.
you may email deborah deborah@ahealingplace.org.
donations are welcome and can be made by selecting the “make a love offering” link in the menu above.





it’s a wonderful feeling when someone believes in you. when you are totally accepted and loved. the practice of deborah’s meditations has helped me accept and believe in myself. a gift that keeps on growing. my fears change to love and appreciation for myself and others. there is a beauty and magic happens practicing the meditations. my heart opens to new possibilities.building and strengthening new patterns that nurture me with compassion, joy, peace, trust, abundance and gentleness. i am truly grateful for the meditations. the practice keeps me grounded and in balance, lighting up my path and showing me another way.i have shared the meditations with many clients, friends and family and they,too, feel amazing.
~ s.s.



 

testimonial by s.s. 
















© 1995-2025 ahealingplace.org








go to top













































