




new england basset hound rescue










































call us: (508) 243-3622   
                            email: info@newenglandbassethoundrescue.org
 




 


















toggle navigation








home
adopt 

nebhr’s adoption process
available bassets
happy tails
applications and forms


foster 

about fostering
applications and forms


relinquish
shop 

apparel
calendars
bags
drinkware
misc
all products


donate 

direct donation
shop to support nebhr


contact 

get in touch
board of directors


 
















 need a basset hound placed?

contact us first




 interested in fostering?

let us guide you




 placing homeless hounds in good homes

learn more









welcome to new england basset hound rescue





adopt
thank you for your interest in adopting from nebhr! please read the following information carefully before completing an adoption application.

learn more



donate
new england basset hound rescue, inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. we rely solely on donations from generous people like you to continue our work.

donate today



shop
looking for great gift ideas?  there’s something for everyone in our store.  click here and start shopping!

start shopping



events
stay informed about upcoming events!

full list of events




our mission


new england basset hound rescue was founded in 2001 by lovers of the breed who wanted to make a difference in the lives of these amazing dogs. since then, nebhr has rescued and re-homed more than 1000 hounds. new england basset hound rescue is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
nebhr is operated entirely by unpaid volunteers, including its board of directors. the board keeps things running on a day-to-day basis, but it takes many more dedicated people to accomplish what we do. we have a committed pool of volunteers assisting with fostering, home visits, transports and events.
with no central shelter or boarding facility, nebhr’s operational model is entirely foster home based. most of the dogs that come into our care are owner-surrenders or strays from the six new england states. our goal is to work closely with local shelters, pounds, and animal control officers and to be their first point of contact when they have a basset hound or basset-mix in need of a home. periodically we receive dogs from outside new england, through partnerships with reputable rescue organizations and animal shelters.
learn more







get involved
want to get involved? contact us today for more information about fostering, adopting, donating or volunteering  

contact us today!













 






contact details


 email us
 508-243-3622
 p.o. box 321 rutland, ma 01543 













 © 2025 new england basset hound rescue


designed & developed by: mandile web design


























