










homepage - fanconi cancer foundation























































enroll as a patient / family												



donate now												












enroll													



donate													




about

who we are
what we do
what is fa?
our impact


research

fcf initiatives
supported research
opportunities
resources
partner with us
scientific symposium


how to help

ways to give
fundraise
partner with us
advocacy
participate in research
join the patient registry
send your support


education

disease information
resource library
newsletter


support

newly diagnosed
find care
gatherings
caregiver support
grief support
international support
virtual tumor board
award for adults with fa


news
contact









search for:























 


pioneering research
for a brighter tomorrow.									











how we can help								




just diagnosed									

what is fa									






how you can help								




donate									

raise funds									










 


a beacon of support
fanconi cancer foundation



our mission is to improve the lives of people affected by fanconi anemia and associated cancers worldwide by funding exceptional research and empowering our community. 

founded in 1989 by parents lynn and david frohnmayer, fcf’s contributions have been instrumental in understanding the disease and improving treatments, with more than $33 million funded for 260+ research projects worldwide. life expectancy has more than doubled as treatments have drastically improved. we must now take on the most significant and currently unsolved problem facing the fa community today: cancer.					



learn more					











the world leader in fa research



donate					










igniting solutions

empowering lives through research							



cancer may be the most difficult issue that people with fa face in their lifetimes. as the leading foundation dedicated to supporting research on this disease, we must intensify our focus on this urgent and currently unsolved problem to discover solutions.
that’s why our research activities are focused on cancer prevention, detection, treatment and awareness. because all facets of this disease are interconnected, we also fund research into gene editing and gene therapy, preclinical models, clinical trials, improving quality of life, and understanding the disease.




our research							





 













 


10,000+											



donors invested											






 


$33m+											



in research											






 


1,500+											



families registered											






 


23											



genes identified											









unleashing progress
creating
lifelong impact


our efforts extend beyond research, encompassing advocacy, community support, educational resources, and clinical programs like the virtual tumor board and the fa patient registry.

we envision a future in which we can prevent and/or eliminate the primary causes of death and disability in people with fa, enabling them to live full lives. we've come a long way, but we know there is still a lot of work to be done.



our impact							








 





 

you’re among an amazing 
community of people






10,000+


donors invested






1,500+


families






240+


funded researchers






150+


volunteers













transparency & accountability
our financials



with your help, we are improving the quality of life for people with fa around the world by funding exceptional research. fcf believes in and practices transparency, accountability, and efficiency. we are always striving to become more efficient and to ensure your generous donations are put to best use by directing as much funding as possible to grants and to supporting our community. 						



governance						









 

$1,639,245


research initiatives											





 

$1,356,784


community support											





 

$398,389


fundraising											





 

$569,462


administration											





 
























a network of love

caring for yourself or a loved one							



join our fa family network, which gives you access to educational materials, resources, support services, and community. all information and services are free, and your information is kept confidential.




enroll as a family							





 









the latest						

news & events						








 





it takes a village to save a life: katherine’s story												




“if i had waited another six months, my story wouldn’t be the same.” katherine was born into a world shaped by loss. her older sister, gracie, was diagnosed with fanconi anemia (fa) shortly after the family moved to the united...											



read more >											








 





behind the research: benilde garcía de teresa												




institution: laboratorio de citogenetica, instituto nacional de pediatría, mexico city, méxico area of expertise: medical genetics, dysmorphology. my work:   i am a medical geneticist from mexico city, introduced to the field of fanconi anemia (fa) by my mentor, dr. sara frias, whom...											



read more >											








 





supporting mental health and wellbeing for individuals with fa and caregivers: key insights and recommendations												




at the fanconi cancer foundation (fcf), we understand the critical importance of addressing mental health alongside physical health for individuals with fanconi anemia (fa) and their family caregivers. recent research on the mental health challenges faced by adults with fa...											



read more >											









view all					














sign up for exciting updates
& inspiring stories					




email address(required)

choose which describes you(required)please select an optiondonor/supporteradult with fafa family memberfa researcher or doctorcaptcha
 sign up 

























360 e. 10th ave., suite 201,
eugene, or 97401										





1-888-326-2664													



541-687-4658													





















back to top ↑



quick links											

who we are
what is fa?
support & education
research
our impact
diversity, equity, & inclusion
privacy policy
press
 


charity ratings



we are proud to have a 4-star rating from charity navigator.											





 


 


 



 







copyright © 2018-2025 fanconi cancer foundation
content on this website is the property of the fanconi cancer foundation and may only be reprinted with prior authorization. | site design 




































