



















maricopa county attorney's office, az | official website









 















skip to main content



















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    about      community      careers      newsroom      prosecution      victims  


 

 

 

 

 




 












search







 
 
 

 











 
 
 



































































  
 
 





report teen violence videos to law enforcementan alarming trend of teenage violence videos circulating on social media has emerged. rather than continuing to post and share these videos, report them to your local law enforcement! listen to county attorney rachel mitchell explain what the mandated reporting law states.watch now



 
 




★ keeping families safe ★★ protecting the rights of crime victims ★★ holding criminals accountable ★



 
 




meet the county attorneyrachel mitchellrachel mitchell is an arizona native and a veteran prosecutor with the maricopa county attorney’s office. for the past thirty years, she’s dedicated her career to protecting families by prosecuting crimes against children, ensuring the integrity of our legal system, and leading teams of prosecutors to hold dangerous criminals accountable.read more »



 
 




our top initiativesorganized retail crime (orc)unmasked: the underbelly of consumer theftexplore the shadowy realm of organized retail crime (orc), where petty theft transforms into a well-coordinated enterprise. learn how our dedicated efforts are disrupting criminal networks, safeguarding local businesses, and fortifying our community. engage with us in countering orc—your awareness is our greatest asset.read more »fentanyl crisisthe silent killer among usinvisible, odorless, and deadlier than ever, fentanyl grips maricopa county with a lethal embrace. from party pills to counterfeit prescriptions, its insidious presence threatens lives daily. join us in unveiling the truth about fentanyl and taking action to protect our community.read more »east valley teen violenceupdates, insights, and collaborative effortsstay informed and engaged with the latest updates, strategic insights, and collaborative initiatives led by maricopa county attorney rachel mitchell as we work together to address the pressing issue of teen violence in our east valley communities. learn more about our proactive approach and find resources to support our efforts.read more »



 
 













notifications








newsletter








public meeting notice








contact us










 
 






news flash










acquaintance sentenced to life in young mother's murder 

maricopa county attorney rachel mitchell announced today that antwaun ware was sentenced to natural life in prison for murdering jasmine dunbar. ware pled guilty to first-degree felony murder, a class one felony; and endangerment, a class six felony.				read more...











grandmother indicted in horrific case of mistreatment 

maricopa county attorney rachel mitchell has announced the indictment of virginia lujan for the abuse of her 13-year-old granddaughter.				read more...











accused sex trafficker indicted in case of missing girl 

maricopa county attorney rachel mitchell has announced the indictment of percy shaquel rogers) on nine counts of child sex trafficking, a class two felony, and one count of assault, a class one misdemeanor.				read more...











mother gets life for killing her children 

maricopa county attorney rachel mitchell announced that rachel henry was sentenced today to natural life in prison for murdering her three children. henry pleaded guilty to three counts of first-degree murder and dangerous crime against children.				read more...






view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 







calendar










thu, mar. 20  

mcao citizens academy



thu, apr. 17  

mcao citizens academy







thu, sep. 18  

mcao citizens academy



thu, oct. 16  

mcao citizens academy







thu, nov. 13  

mcao citizens academy






view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 








 





 










    





 
 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 











home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 
 



 














annual reports & protocols



public meeting notices



public records requests









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 














brochures, forms & information



criminal justice links



maricopa county website - maricopa.gov









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 














contact us



join our team!



site map



login









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














225 west madison street  |  phoenix, az 85003  |  phone: 602-506-3411
 






  
 














© 2006-2025 maricopa county attorney’s office – all rights reserved  |  privacy policy & terms of usesitewide css and google translate moved to layout pages. click the lock icon to go to the layout pages. be sure to copy changes to all layout pages.
 






  
 
 











 
 










 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









