






future dreams needlework shoppe
















 































future dreams needlework shoppe
















home | our location | what's new!!!!!!! | products  | sale items | how to order | contact us or our friends | classes and  clubs | our newsletter |  guild news | free charts













welcome to future dreams needlework 















we would like to welcome you to future dreams needlework shoppe. we are
                                             located in nanaimo, b.c. on beautiful vancouver island. our aim is to supply quality needlework patterns and supplies
                                             to the beginner and experienced stitcher alike. it is our hope to expose you, our valued customer, to the various fabrics,
                                             fibers and needlework available in today's market. we would like to encourage our customers to try cross stitch, hardanger,
                                             canvas, needlepoint, pulled and drawn thread, brazilian, blackwork, beadwork, modern and reproduction samplers, using various
                                             threads and embellishments to enhance your needlework. most importantly we want your needlework to be the fun and relaxing
                                             hobby it is! 













please note we have changed our return policy as well as our special ordering policy due to items being ordered
                                             but not picked up.  all special orders now require a 50% deposit.  we will also no longer accept returns on patterns,
                                             thread or fabrics.  we are sorry for an inconvenience this may cause but circumstances have made it necessary.





















want to get in touch?


future dreams needlework shoppe 693 montague road nanaimo,bc canada v9r3g4 250-754-4359 futuredreams@telus.net

























































our hours of operation: 
sunday & monday closed tuesday &thursday
11:30 to 5:00 
wednesday, friday & saturday 
11:00am to 5:00pm closed on all statutory holidays




















future dreams needlework shoppe 693 montague road nanaimo b.c. canada v9r-3g4
                  250-754-4359 
futured@telus.net









