










joe larabell, the suburban eclectic






















                joe larabell, the suburban eclectic:
            









home
blog

topics

scientology
thelema
japan
reunions
links


about
resume
contact me









joseph l. (joe) larabell
the suburban eclectic








this page is the landing page for a new mostly-static website replaces the
previous wordpress blog and will eventually replace the huge
collection of static pages that once graced this domain.
static pages will be converted to the new site structure as time allows and
in the order of their continued relevance (in the meantime, all legacy urls
should still work).
blog comments will be supported using disqus. legacy
comments (ie: those made via the wordpress blog) have been migrated to the
new site in read-only form. in addition, some new material will most likely
be showing up over time under the “blog” heading above.
if you really want to see the old version of this page, you can find it
here.
project status
as of the 27th of july 2022, an architecture, theme, and images have been
implemented, the wordpress posts and comments have been migrated, and work
is underway to improve the functionality of the site and migrate the older
static pages (either as pages or as blog posts). in addition, a new contact
form has been created and can be found under the “contact me”
heading above.
there may still be aspects of the legacy site which are not yet supported.
your patience is welcome and appreciated.
featured posts
subscribe to new posts via rss

effortless magick
posted by joe larabell on 7 dec 2019
it’s funny how, every once in a while, if you listen to the subtle messages unfolding around you on a constant basis, you pick up on a pattern of small bits of information that seem to build into something substantial. that happened to me recently on the general topic of effortlessness. like many would-be adepts, i have a number of daily practices that i fit into various parts of the day. sometimes they pay off with feelings of increased awareness or energy but, if i were being totally honest, most of the time they feel like drudge-work… a part of the day that occurs more out of habit than anything else… with the basic idea being one of consistency rather than joy.
out with the old...
posted by joe larabell on 8 jan 2018
i was listening to the latest sam harris podcast today and ran across an interesting take on something that should be familiar to most western ceremonial magicians. eric weinstein was talking about finding meaning in license plate numbers as he drives around (don’t we all do that when we first start on the path?) and the way he explained it was:
"...it's important to notice what it feels like to discern meaning where there is no meaning... it's important to get in touch with the "as if madness" experience in order to guard against madness; so i'm hoping to suspend my insistence on truth for periods of time..."
i’m not sure about the connection with madness, per-se… and i’m wondering if that wasn’t just a ploy designed to wrap up the thought before getting interrupted. i realized when he said that that another good reason for discerning meaning where there is none is to prevent intellectual ossification (my term… it didn’t appear in the podcast, as far as i know). the belief that one particular way of looking at things must serve as the filter through which we see everything else from that point forward seems to be common in most philosophies and pretty much all religions. adherence to a strict theology makes us less able to evaluate contrary ideas on their own merit. on the other hand, by constantly playing fast and loose with one’s synaptic network, so to speak, one might stand a chance of maintaining enough mental flexibility to recognize a true epiphany when it finally does come.
it’s ironic that avoiding intellectual ossification was one of the main points that sam was trying to convey just moments earlier… that there’s no logical reason to use one or more points-of-view which happen to have been elaborated thousands of years ago over new points-of-view developed by one’s own reason in the present time. of course, that’s easier said than done and when most people start on any sort of philosophical or spiritual path, they’re usually not capable of the kind of deep reasoning that would discern the “true meaning” of the universe at first glance… so we may need to use ancient philosophy and religion as a crutch for a while… in order to bootstrap our thinking to the point where we can reason with some depth on the universe and our purpose within it. but i expect that we all have to eventually drop the rhetoric and design our own systems based on first principles.
misunderstanding multitasking
posted by joe larabell on 20 oct 2016
i was listening to an interview with the authors of the new book the distracted mind on npr this morning and they touched on a favorite pet peeve of mine that centers on a basic misunderstanding of the term multitasking. according to wikipedia, the first published use of the term “multitask” appeared in an ibm paper describing the capabilities of the ibm system/360 in 1965. is is only recently that the term has been used in the common vernacular to refer to the apparent ability of humans to “concentrate” on more than one task at a time.
the two-edged sword of freedom (part 42)
posted by joe larabell on 24 apr 2014
among the many social forums in which i tend to roam, i also happen to be one of many moderators on a forum whose name i won’t mention (since this post derives, at least in part, from a conversation on a private section of that forum). the issue was a recent change to the rules allowing (perhaps even obligating) moderators to edit posts that contain personally-identifiable information like email addresses and/or physical addresses. the issue is not one of free advertising (which is also an issue on this particular forum) but “protecting” newbie posters from mistakenly revealing information they might not have otherwise. one of the reasons given was that moderators have an “obligation” to protect users from themselves.
let not one know well the other
posted by joe larabell on 6 feb 2014
(a discourse on myriad diverse matters)
0. learn first -- oh thou who aspirest unto our ancient order! -- that equilibrium is the basis of the work. if thou thyself hast not a sure foundation, whereon wilt thou stand to direct the forces of nature?
of all the material published by crowley, one of my favorite documents is liber librae. in this paper can be found a summary of the proper “attitude” of a magician. the spirit of librae, however, is not new. these same concepts are to be found in the fourth knowledge lecture of the order of the golden dawn, in the section entitled “on the general guidance and purification of the soul.” what is new is crowley’s attempt to marry the diverse concepts of science and religion into one cohesive system. these two seemingly diverse sides of our thelemic coin form just one of the many manifestations of the dichotomy of hod vs. netzach – the battle between the head and the heart.




latest posts




effortless magick



it’s funny how, every once in a while, if you listen to the subtle messages unfolding around you on a constant basis, you pick up on a pattern of small bits of information that seem to build into something substantial. that happened to me recently on the general topic of effortlessness. like many would-be adepts, i have a number of daily practices that i fit into various parts of the day. sometimes they pay off with feelings of increased awareness or energy but, if i were being totally honest, most of the time they feel like drudge-work… a part of the day that occurs more out of habit than anything else… with the basic idea being one of consistency rather than joy.



read more



published: dec 7, 2019






out with the old...



i was listening to the latest sam harris podcast today and ran across an interesting take on something that should be familiar to most western ceremonial magicians. eric weinstein was talking about finding meaning in license plate numbers as he drives around (don’t we all do that when we first start on the path?) and the way he explained it was:
"...it's important to notice what it feels like to discern meaning where there is no meaning... it's important to get in touch with the "as if madness" experience in order to guard against madness; so i'm hoping to suspend my insistence on truth for periods of time..."
i’m not sure about the connection with madness, per-se… and i’m wondering if that wasn’t just a ploy designed to wrap up the thought before getting interrupted. i realized when he said that that another good reason for discerning meaning where there is none is to prevent intellectual ossification (my term… it didn’t appear in the podcast, as far as i know). the belief that one particular way of looking at things must serve as the filter through which we see everything else from that point forward seems to be common in most philosophies and pretty much all religions. adherence to a strict theology makes us less able to evaluate contrary ideas on their own merit. on the other hand, by constantly playing fast and loose with one’s synaptic network, so to speak, one might stand a chance of maintaining enough mental flexibility to recognize a true epiphany when it finally does come.
it’s ironic that avoiding intellectual ossification was one of the main points that sam was trying to convey just moments earlier… that there’s no logical reason to use one or more points-of-view which happen to have been elaborated thousands of years ago over new points-of-view developed by one’s own reason in the present time. of course, that’s easier said than done and when most people start on any sort of philosophical or spiritual path, they’re usually not capable of the kind of deep reasoning that would discern the “true meaning” of the universe at first glance… so we may need to use ancient philosophy and religion as a crutch for a while… in order to bootstrap our thinking to the point where we can reason with some depth on the universe and our purpose within it. but i expect that we all have to eventually drop the rhetoric and design our own systems based on first principles.



read more



published: jan 8, 2018






misunderstanding multitasking



i was listening to an interview with the authors of the new book the distracted mind on npr this morning and they touched on a favorite pet peeve of mine that centers on a basic misunderstanding of the term multitasking. according to wikipedia, the first published use of the term “multitask” appeared in an ibm paper describing the capabilities of the ibm system/360 in 1965. is is only recently that the term has been used in the common vernacular to refer to the apparent ability of humans to “concentrate” on more than one task at a time.



read more



published: oct 20, 2016













blog




topics




about




resume




contact me




copyright (c) 2025 joe larabell
this work is licensed under attribution-noncommercial-sharealike 4.0 international







