










 
 
 
capt. stacy - deep sea offshore fishing in eastern nc













































































capt. stacy fishing center

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
about

   boat and marina
     faq


trips & rates

   full day
   half day
   24 hour overnight
     shark fishing
   private charter
   reservation policies


calendar
photos
1-800-533-9417

contact


shop
 
 
 
 
 





search for:



 












from the time you arrive at the capt. stacy fishing center until the time you depart you’ll experience pleasure after pleasure.you’ll board one of the finest fishing vessels along the east coast, skim over the clean blue waters of the atlantic to it’s fabulous fishing grounds as far out as the gulf stream, troll or bottom fish where the big prizes are anxiously waiting to strike.
the beautiful water of the atlantic ocean and the deep blue of the gulf stream located off atlantic beach, morehead city, beaufort , and emerald isle north carolina are considered by many, a fisherman’s paradise.
whether its deep sea bottom fishing on the capt. stacy iv headboat for vermillion red snapper, grouper, trigger fish, black sea bass and amberjack or sports fishing on a charter boat for blue marlin, tuna, mahi mahi, king mackerel or spanish mackerel, the capt. stacy fishing center which is centrally located on the atlantic beach causeway has the boat for you. simply call 1-252-726-1019 or stop by and let one of our experienced receptionists assist you in arranging a fun packed day.
here at capt. stacy fishing center, we love fishing and we love teaching people how to fish. based out of atlantic beach, nc, we proudly offer deep sea fishing trips. from shark fishing trips to overnight bottom fishing trips, we offer a variety of guided trips for all different skill levels. contact us today and learn more about our deep sea fishing trips and fishing charters!


there are an abundance of fishing charters in morehead city and other areas of north carolina so why should you choose capt. stacy fishing center for your next fishing trip? for starters, we have more than 60 years of experience and adding to that, we just love teaching people how to fish. head on over to our about us page and learn more about our boats and staff. we look forward to fishing with you in the near future.
thank you for visiting capt. stacy fishing center of atlantic beach, nc and your source for deep sea fishing trips in north carolina. if you have questions about any of our fishing trips, rates or requirements, give us a call at 1-252-726-1019 or send an email to info@captstacy.com and we will gladly assist you. browse through the rest of our site and check out photos from previous fishing trips, information about the area and more. check out our gift shop too and pick something up for that fishing enthusiast in your family!

  


overnight & 2 day delivery available for an additional fee.


for the comfort and safety of all passengers
alcoholic beverages are not allowed to be carried on the vessel. beer is available for purchase in the galley as well as reasonably priced food & beverages.
absolutely no empty coolers (coolers are considered empty unless they contain food and/or sodas) and only soft pack coolers are allowed to be carried on the capt. stacy iv – limit one cooler per person. no exceptions





reservations

capt. stacy will heading offshore for it’s first full day bottom fishing trip of the season!
don’t miss out – give us a call for your reservation at 800.533.9417



call 1-800-533-9417 for fishing reservations or email us at info@captstacy.com


this week’s tripsfull day – departs 6 am returns 5:oo pm on monday, wednesday friday & saturday.
note: please call to confirm the schedule
half day – every tuesday, thursday, and every other sunday
note: please call to confirm the schedule

shark fishing
tuesdays & thursdays 2pm – 6pm
private charters are also available 7 days a week to take shark fishing trips. you can carry up to 6 passengers in your group, and the cost would be 450.00 for the group of 6.
note: please call to confirm the schedule
private sports fishing charters are available any day of the week give us a call and we’ll book you on a boat that best fits your needs.
note: please call to confirm the schedule
capt stacy fishing center
click for directions

 



deep sea charter fishing – full day – half day – 24 hour overnight – charter fishing in atlantic beach, north carolina





416 atlantic beach causeway, atlantic beach, nc 28512   |   (252) 726-4675   |   1-800-533-9417   |   info@captstacy.com
				
				© 2025 captain stacy fishing center
				
			
























