






dave boyer

















dave boyer





















home


concert schedule


biography


order products


what they're saying


videos


discography


booking information


publicity photos


related links













welcome!


















dave's unique big band style of standards and inspirational music has
                                             spanned over five decades, and he continues to perform several concerts each year.
 
dave often sings with big bands across the country, and he has performed
                                             with bands conducted by famous composer ralph carmichael. in fact, dave and ralph recorded a few albums
                                             together, over the years. dave has also performed for three presidents at the white house, and for many conferences and conventions.his timeless music and message,
                                             coupled with his strong vocal performance, still bring dave several invitations each year, all across the u.s. with his
                                             latest cd released in 2016, dave has found new energy and desire to perform the great love songs and gospel favorites
                                             on the album; "in his time."thank you for visiting the official web site of christian recording artist dave boyer. click
                                             the page links to find information on how you can book dave to sing at your church or upcoming event, the biography
                                             page where you can read how god turned his life around, order his cd's and videos by following the link to
                                             the product page, and watch videos from past performances.

















join
                                             our mailing list
*
                                             indicates required

email address *




first name *




last name *




home city 



home state 



church 



email format 

html
text
mobile









close



















order dave's newest cd"in his time"



only $15 plus postage. click
                                             the "add to cart" button then select the quantity you would like to order. song list: all the way, cheek
                                             to cheek, have i told you lately, night & day, embraceable you, my romance, when i fall in love, since jesus came into
                                             my heart, he looked beyond my fault, get happy, guess who's coming to dinner, wherever he leads, room at the cross.










 
now booking for
                                             2023
we have several great dates still available in 2023. to
                                             secure your dates and invite dave boyer to minister in concert at your church please contact us now at: booking@daveboyerministries.com



























© 2024 dave boyer ministries/pro-nounce media
                                    


















