ï»¿


welcome to 800-tax refund



















home
individuals
tax professionals
about us
contact us













online filing with our
                    1040.com affiliation
easy and secure. convenient forms-based navigation.it's free to try. simple, no-nonsense pricing. 
 or 

 




prepare your own taxes,
                    we'll review & file them
our award-winning service. one low price for all returns,simple or complex. includes free state ef with paid federal.


 




let a tax pro prepare &
                    e-file your taxes for you
one low price covers all popular forms and schedules,state included. most returns prepared in 24 hours.


 




more ways to engage
                    with your tax pro
utilizing industry-leading practices to ensure the safeand reliable exchange of your sensitive information.


 














individuals  quick links
online filing
          new simplified fee structure beginning with tax year 2019: $25 for all 
		returns, state included! 

irs e-file
          fax or upload your prepared tax return to us. it's checked for errors & you'll get your refund faster!

tax e-form
          fill out a simple answer sheet, fax or upload your w2s, and your tax forms are done in 
		a day or two!



tax professionals  quick links
refer your clients for irs e-file
         we've been providing tax pros and their clients with award-winning e-file services for 20+ years.

about hyperfiles and formcloud
          learn how you can share documents and host forms, securely and conveniently, for your clients.

sign up for a protaxnet website
          created instantly with online filing, tax content, organizers, and more. take a free test drive.



latest news  and links
2025 filing season news: irs to open tax season on january 27 for both electronic and paper tax return filers  >>

practitioners: 2025 filing season literature has been updated and is 
		now available. we're looking forward to working with you!  >>

our cool calculators for the new tax season (tax 
		year 2023) will be posted soon. stay tuned  
		>>

  more tax news      state tax links  






home
individuals
tax professionals
about us
contact us

copyright â© 2025 800-tax refund, inc. all rights reserved




