






studebaker drivers club | the official web site of the studebaker drivers club

















































763-420-7829
sdc@cornerstonereg.com



facebook


 





facebook



 












home
about

about the studebaker drivers club
studebaker history
membership
turning wheels magazine


whats new

board meeting minutes
how to videos

how to update your member profile
how to view and search the digital magazine
how to create/update chapter events
how to update chapter contact info




events

sdc national events
north america zone events
int’l zone events
local events
international drive your studebaker day


contacts

sdc board of directors
zone coordinators and regional managers
local chapters
other contacts


resources

new – view turning wheels in digital format
instructional videos
the new studebaker story
sdc forum
new > regional manager resources
meet insurance form
sdc store
studebaker national museum
studebaker tech tips, specs and data
studebaker registries
links to the studebaker world


sdc business info

meet insurance form
sdc judging policy manual and judging forms
sdc by-laws
sdc policy and procedures
sdc logo and trademark guidelines


member area
 





select page


  
 



 



 










welcome tothe studebaker drivers club

the studebaker drivers club (sdc) was founded in august 1962. the purpose of the studebaker drivers club was, and continues to be, to honor the studebaker automobile and all studebaker-related products.

join the club!









the studebaker drivers club







club news




the new studebaker story

the new studebaker story brochure is available on-line.  click here to view it. the studebaker story brochure is available in quantities to sdc chapters by simply contacting cornerstone registration at sdc@cornerstonereg.com or 763-420-7829 (m-f, 9:00 am - 5:00 pm...
read more


 
upcoming events

61st annual sdc international meetseptember  16-20, 2025
the 61st annual sdc international meet is being hosted by the allegheny region chapter of the sdc and will be held in washington county, pennsylvania, september 16-20, 2025.  more information will be forthcoming in the turning wheels magazine and on sdcmeet.com.





 about the studebaker drivers club
you don’t have to own a studebaker in order to join the studebaker drivers club (sdc), you just have to have an interest in them! of course, if you own a studebaker vehicle, whether stock or modified, you’ll really benefit from an sdc membership, not the least of which is a subscription to our award-winning monthly magazine, turning wheels.

we invite you join our more than 12,500 members around the world!

join the club!





turning wheels magazine





turning wheels is the award-winning official publication of the studebaker drivers club. as an sdc member, a subscription to this legendary magazine is included in your annual dues.  each month, turning wheels arrives packed with interesting articles about studebaker cars, trucks, and people.  from important detailed feature articles about specific studebaker models and invaluable technical help, to great regular columns, meet notices, classifieds and studebaker vendor ads, turning wheels is a refreshing and informative “must-read” for every studebaker enthusiast.













quick links






sdc forum





followfollow























 










facebook


developed by cornerstone registration, ltd. | powered by wordpress | hosted by makeitcomplete.com 




 























