etv-plus.com | haircut's and more

                  etv on-demand membership packages viewers choice main page download center monthly specials cheapies main page   barbershop girls series the extreme series hair academy g.w.c.d. the originals available on dvd the archives the weekend cheapie    - news & events  - the drive-thru   customer support center         previews & featured videos     latest releases:   



		  



		schnip & buzz




		  



		buzz me under




		  



		the apprentice





		  



		i want my bowl cut





		  



		pixiefied




		  



		buzz me under 2




		  



		salon clipper headshave




		  



		a salon clipper headshave 2




		  


		the barbers bowl




		  


		feel's sooooooo good




		  


		i'm wild that way




		  

razorback - the hillbilly affair



		  

main 
		stage - 11




		  

dinner 
		and a buzzcut




		  

shaving 
		helen




		  

pixie 
		royale



		  

chelsea's high & tight


  

  try it, you'll love it...
	    
 











 
 
 
welcome to etv-plus.com
 



 
 

		 
 
	 



the new etvplus download center is now online. offering hundreds of videos for download and viewing direct from the comfort of your computer.  
now 
	playing
exclusively 
live on-demand 

ginny's haircut

	un-edited
 


 


 

cherry bomb

   






   


   






   
now playing24/7 live on-demand ms. buzz-bob   dreaming of a white christmasan etvplus production  now playing24/7 live on-demand tomboy iijust a little off the top.now playing24/7 live on-demandromancing hairamanda exclusively live on-demand.etv on-demandpreviewsthe on-demand website features 500+ full length haircut videos and growing.  offering the largest variety of hair-related video material on the internet.  with new material added regularly, on-demand has something for everyone.   best of all, the videos are viewable on just about any computer, browser and mobile device.   view them anywhere, anytime.  etv on-demand is a premium member’s subscription site with subscriptions starting at $25.  cheap, affordable and very much worth it’s while.  your going to love it.available now in the viewers choice sectionhair playmeet our model molly. this delightful 19 year old college student with below shoulder length hair was eager to join us in the making of our latest video entitled “hair play.” this 54 minute feature contains 2 haircuts including a longer style bob cut and a short pixie version with a buzzed nape.  watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectionbuzzcut diva 2 it’s our pleasure to introduce our second buzzcut diva release, introducing our model gwen. in this 37 minute feature we learn how to fix a grown out undercut. our haircut begins with a #1 closely clipped around the perimeter of the hairline. sectioned out “v” shape in back, followed by a tightly buzzed clipper cut around the sides and back with no guard then blended with a 1/8 inch clipper guard. the top is again buzzed to a neat ¼ inch to finalize to finalize the haircut.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectionhair academybuzzcut divawith great pleasure, we introduce to you our feature buzzcut diva.  this beautiful blonde 23 year old college student was thrilled to join us in blasting off our latest series “hair academy.”  in this 58 minute feature amelia's first cut begins with a graduated cut with a soft nape and uniform top back section point cut and a sectioned out fringe.   in the second cut, the sides and back are finely clipped using a ¼ inch clipper guard while the top is blended to create a faux-hawk style.the third cut consists of a tightly buzzed clipper cut around the sides and back with no guard then blended with a 1/8 inch clipper guard.  the top is buzzed to a neat ¼ inch to finalize this superb haircut.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice section in the chair 3from the producers of the barberdoll series.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectionin the chair 2from the producers of the barberdoll series.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectionin the chair 1from the producers of the barberdoll series.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in hi-definitionsoltice transformation hdintroducing a new state of the art re-mastering process.  this video is one of many previously released sd videos now been made available in hd on etv.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in hi-definitionpassion - hdintroducing a new state of the art re-mastering process.  this video is one of many previously released sd videos now been made available in hd on etv.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectiontwisterwe are proud to present our barbershop girl shannon. this 28 year old construction worker. with below shoulder length hair she was extremely eager to join us at the barbershop for a haircut. this selection contains 8 haircuts all from long to extreme short including a high & tight clipper cut.  with over 1 hour of haircut playtime this one will blow you right out of your seat.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectiontouchéit is our privilege to introduce to you our barbershop girl samantha.   this incredibly beautiful 22 year old student of massage therapy was quite eager to get into the chair.  in the initial interview i asked her how she felt about getting her haircut extremely short, she said “i can rock short and blonde.” she wasn’t joking. this extraordinary video contains interviews with our model and 7 haircuts from long to short including a buzzed to perfection high and tight.  sam made every cut look good.  this video contains 65 minutes of haircut playtime and is an all-around 10 thumbs-up must see.excerpts from the video:     watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectionski-bunnywe are proud to present to you our barbershop girl and stunning ski bunny, chelsey. this lovely model enjoys skiing, yoga and runs her own ski helmut video-cam business. starting with below shoulder length hair, our resident barber takes our model through 8 exquisite haircuts including a segment from her preliminary audition and numerous interviews. chelsey expressed a sincere passion about having her head shaved and loved the entire experience. with 71 minutes of high-quality haircut playtime, a chin length bob, a high and tight flat top followed by a “buzzed to perfection” clipper-shave. this is one will knock your socks off.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice section ambushedmeet our barbershop girl, jessica.  she came to us in dire need of a special barbershop girl haircut.  with long mid-back length dirty blonde hair our resident barber patiently takes jessica through 6 haircuts including a short to the temple undercut and a skin tight high and tight.  this selection offers 70 minutes of haircut playtime, a personal interview and a unique story of how our model was ambushed by her mother and a hairstylist in a hair salon.  a must see for the true enthusiast. watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7 available now in the viewers choice sectionmeet the elfswe are proud to introduce our first christmas elf and barbershop girl, jessica. she always wanted to become a model but hesitated because she didn’t think she had it in her.  when we first selected her to become etv’s first christmas elf and barbershop girl she replied “oh my god…  oh my god…”  starting with just below shoulder length hair our barber gives jessica 7 haircuts ending in a superb short high and tight.  with 71 minutes of haircut playtime, a personal interview and more it’s guaranteed to knock your socks off. also available on dvd watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectiontrick-or-treat have a seat2 hours of haircut playtimewe are proud to introduce our barbershop girl ashley. ashley is a professional model/actress and was excited to be selected as one of etv's barbershop girls.  this selection contains 9 haircuts all from long to short including a buzzcut followed by a complete 000 clipper shave.  with 2 hours of haircutting entertainment, this one is guaranteed to knock your socks off.trick-or-treat have a seatwatch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7 available now in the viewers choice sectiongirls 2010  we are proud to release our latest model and barbershop girl for 2010.  rebecca is a full time elementary school teacher.  she came to us with below shoulder length hair.  our resident barber takes rebecca through 8 haircuts from long to short including a clipper cut followed by a short high & tight.  the model is an incredible beauty in this 72 minute video.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectiondo blondes really have more fun?this one certainly did. meet our barbershop girl samantha. this beautiful blonde bombshell was proud to be selected as one of etv’s barbershop girls. in this viewer’s choice selection, our model starts with below shoulder length hair and goes from long to a short extreme feminine crewcut style. with 7 haircuts, 66 minutes of hi-quality audio/video haircut playtime and a new pricing structure for these trying economic times. it’s guaranteed to knock more then just your socks off.what’s the moral of the story? do blonds really have more fun? no. getting down to the final extreme haircut it became apparent that our blonde bombshell was in fact a brunette bombshell. she enjoyed it all the same and so did we.watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7available now in the viewers choice sectionhave a seatmeet our latest barbershop girl, dawn. this production offers 8 haircuts from long to a high and tight clipper cut. with 79 minutes of haircut playtime it’s guaranteed to knock your socks off.also available on dvd watch them all now exclusively on-demand 24/7    getting around etv is now easier then ever.we've now made it easier then ever to navigate the etv website.  on the top right-hand side of each page "self serve" will allow you to click on a link to go to any section of the site including special sections dedicated to the newest and  latest producers on the market.on the top left-hand side of the main (home) page  only you'll see the  "quick links" which provides quick on e-click links to all the latest video material released. click on any of the links and you'll go directly to the new videos.if you have any questions about navigating this website or questions in general please click on the "customer support center" link in the above "quick links" menu.    copyright © 2017 etv-plus.com. all rights reserved. 