








lincoln caverns - where science, discovery, and adventure are naturally fun!









































 





skip to content








 


search for:








abouthistorythe new discoverydiscount rates & special offersphoto gallerieswarrior ridge campgroundticketsgroup tours 






eventsresourcesteacher resourcesscout resourcescontactdirections to lincoln cavernsjoin our teamsafety guidelines 


search for:








abouthistorythe new discoverydiscount rates & special offersphoto gallerieswarrior ridge campgroundticketsgroup tours 






eventsresourcesteacher resourcesscout resourcescontactdirections to lincoln cavernsjoin our teamsafety guidelinesabouthistorythe new discoverydiscount rates & special offersphoto gallerieswarrior ridge campgroundticketsgroup tours 






eventsresourcesteacher resourcesscout resourcescontactdirections to lincoln cavernsjoin our teamsafety guidelines 
















homewebadmin2025-02-14t21:54:07-05:00 
welcome to our 95th season 
january & february tours by appointment
 or group reservation 
black light adventure tours – every friday night advance tickets required – get yours here!
call 814.643.0268 for more information
 
 purchase ticketsgroup toursclick here to view our safety statement.coming soon at lincoln cavernscome to the darkside blacklight adventures!february 21 @ 6:00 pm - 9:00 pmfridays in winter & spring wednesdays throughout the summer! 6:00 pm - 9:00 pm for ages 10+ bring your sense of adventure & wonder to see lincoln caverns & whisper  [...]come to the darkside blacklight adventures!february 28 @ 6:00 pm - 9:00 pmfridays in winter & spring wednesdays throughout the summer! 6:00 pm - 9:00 pm for ages 10+ bring your sense of adventure & wonder to see lincoln caverns & whisper  [...]cub scout wolves finding your way & digging in the past adventure combofebruary 28 @ 6:45 pm - march 1 @ 3:00 pmthis wolf adventure begins on friday night with the digging in the past adventure pin. discover fossilized treasures while learning about the history of life on earth. scouts will also  [...]webelos earth rocks adventure with champions for nature adventure combofebruary 28 @ 6:45 pm - march 1 @ 3:45 pmwebelos will both participate in the champions for nature adventure on friday night. learn about habitat and endangered species.  dive deeper to learn about endangered bat species and the disease  [...]view the calendardiscover lincoln cavernslincoln caverns and whisper rocks, where the splendor of nature’s handiwork has been protected and preserved for your visit since they were first discovered in 1930 and 1941.
learn more about the cavernsthe history of lincoln cavernsshop raystown rocks!
visit raystown area’s largest gift and souvenir shop – raystown rocks at lincoln caverns. we offer the widest variety of rocks, minerals, crystals and fossils in central pennsylvania. you’ll also find souvenirs, educational toys, books, t-shirts, great jewelry and so much more! gem panning in our new sluice is available spring, summer & fall. gift certificates for tours, special events and shopping too!
gift memorable… gift unique… gift forever
shop raystown rocks for all your gift-giving needs!
be sure to join our 8 for 80 rock club on your next visit!
international year of
caves and karst 2021/2022international years celebrate and inform the world about important topics, many of which are not known to the general public. caves and karst occur around our planet but few people understand the great value of caves to humanity. fewer still know what karst is.
we invite you to learn about how caves and karst challenge but mostly contribute to the lives of billions of people every day. we hope you will then join us in this international year of celebration!
learn more about iyck 2021/2022view our caves & karst events
hours of operation
know before you go
»
directions
to lincoln caverns
»
purchase tickets
and plan your trip
»



 
 
be the first to knowsign up to our mailing list and be the first to receive regular offers, updates and news from lincoln caverns. you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. to learn more, view our privacy policy.
first name last name email address *select list(s) to subscribe togeneral interest ii example: yes, i would like to receive emails from lincoln caverns. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: lincoln caverns, inc., 7703 william penn hwy., huntingdon, pa, 16652, http://www.lincolncaverns.com. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact
follow usfacebooktripadvisoryoutubeour partnerswe supportcopyright ©2020 lincoln caverns
all rights reserved.
7703 william penn highway – u.s. route 22
huntingdon, pa. 16652
call us: 814.643.0268 or contact us
join our team!


 
 
page load link

 

























































































 


go to top




