










ween




















































































































































menu



music
tour
store
browntracker
mailing list
















an update from ween. 




























seattle, portland, and eugene update. 




























chocolate and cheese back on vinyl!
to celebrate the 30th anniversary of chocolate and cheese, rhino will release chocolate and cheese 30th anniversary edition on august 2. there will also be an exclusive “championship belt” variant. this 3-lp set features a newly remastered version of the original album, plus 15 previously unreleased demos and outtakes curated by gener and deaner. mastered from the original flat master tapes by bernie grundman.30th anniversary bundles also available. preorder vinyl, shirts, posters, and more here.🎶 a previously unreleased version of “junkie boy” is available today digitally. listen here.chocolate and cheese (deluxe edition) track listingside a:take me awayspinal meningitis (got me down)freedom of ’76i can’t put my finger on itside b:a tear for eddieroses are freebaby bitchmister, would you please help my pony?side c:drifter in the darkvoodoo ladyjoppa roadcandiside d:buenas tardes amigothe hiv songwhat deaner was talkin’ aboutdon’t shit where you eatside e (bonus tracks):crappy anniversary jimmywarm socksstop, look, listen (and learn)dirty moneyi got itbelgian stewvoodoo lady – demoside f (bonus tracks):junkie boysmooth moverchurch firetake me away – demosasharoses are free – democandi – demoi really miss you (and i’m all alone)




























april tour dates canceled
for the majority of my life i have been blessed enough to have a career doing the thing that i love the most. this privilege has never been lost on me. the fact that the music reaches other people and means so much to them is something that i never take for granted, and for which i am truly grateful, all of the time, every time we perform. at this moment in time though i need to step away from performing live in order to preserve my mental and spiritual well being, and instead focus on myself and loved ones. i know this will come as a disappointment and with great inconvenience to many people who bought tickets and made travel plans, and for this i sincerely apologize. i look forward to returning to the stage with the enthusiasm, joy, and renewed sense of inspiration that our fans deserve, and that i require of myself when we play live. thank you and god bless.-deanerween’s april tour dates have been canceled. ticket holders will automatically receive a refund from the original point of purchase. the previously announced august and september shows will proceed as scheduled. 




























ween will be painting the town brown all year long celebrating 40 years of ween.  presale tickets will be available wednesday, january 17 at 10am local venue time: https://ween.shop.ticketstoday.com4/19 atlanta, ga - coca cola roxy theatre4/20 nashville, tn - ascend amphitheater4/21 birmingham, al - avondale brewing company4/23 n. charleston, sc - firefly distillery4/25 asheville, nc - rabbit rabbit4/26 raleigh, nc - red hat amphitheater4/27 richmond, va - brown’s island8/2 + 8/3 missoula, mt - kettlehouse amphitheater*8/4 spokane, wa - spokane pavilion8/6 seattle, wa - paramount theatre8/10 eugene, or - cuthbert amphitheatertickets go on sale friday, january 19 at 10am local venue time at ween.com. *check venue website for presale information.




























witness ween’s debut at the mann in philadelphia on friday, september 27, 2024, celebrating 30 years of “chocolate and cheese.” the band will perform a full set, including the classic album released on the same day in 1994.presale tickets will be available wednesday, december 6 at 10am et: https://ween.shop.ticketstoday.comtickets go on sale friday, december 8 at noon et at ween.com.




























roses are redviolets are blueween is playing in phoenixand del mar, toopresale tickets will be available starting wednesday, november 15 at 10am local venue time at: ween.shop.ticketstoday.com. tickets on sale friday, november 17 at 9am pt / 12p et at ween.com.




























the pod fuscus edition vinyl is available for preorder now here.start off with a pod long-sleeve, and then move on to the pollo asado tee. summer tour merch and a few other brand-new items are available at the store now, as well.

















































just announced: ween’s first extensive tour since 2016. the summer tour starts july 28 in los angeles, ca at the greek theatre, and continues throughout early september. highlights of the 14-show run includes visits to oakland, ca’s fox theater on july 29, morrison, co’s red rocks amphitheatre (august 3), chicago, il’s salt shed outdoors (september 9), and new york city’s pier 17 (september 14). presale tickets will be available starting wednesday, march 22 at 10am local venue time at: ween.shop.ticketstoday.comween summer tour 20237/28 los angeles, ca - greek theatre7/29 oakland, ca - fox theater7/30 wheatland, ca - hard rock hotel and casino8/1 salt lake city, ut - sandy amphitheater8/3 morrison, co - red rocks amphitheatre8/4 kansas city, mo - grinders kc8/5 st. louis, mo - st. louis music park9/8 minneapolis, mn - surly field9/9 chicago, il - salt shed outdoors9/10 madison, wi - the sylvee9/12 newport, ky - megacorp pavilion9/14 new york, ny - pier 179/15 providence, ri - the strand ballroom9/16 hampton beach, nh - hampton beach casino ballroomtickets on sale friday, march 24 at 9am pt / 12p et at ween.com. …the lonely time we spend is worth it in the end when summer comes 🎢


















































prepare the mount….dallas, houston, and new orleans shows just announced 🟤 presale tickets will be available wednesday, february 8 at 10am cst: ween.com/tour4/25 - southside ballroom - dallas, tx4/26 - white oak outdoors - houston, tx4/28 - orpheum theater - new orleans, la4/29 - orpheum theater - new orleans, latickets on sale friday, february 10 at 10am cst. get ready to ride.


















































just announced: 3️⃣ shows in las vegas on march 16, 17, and 18 at the brooklyn bowl las vegas! presale tickets will be available starting wednesday, december 14 at noon pst: https://ween.shop.ticketstoday.com/eventlist.aspxtickets on sale friday, december 16 at 10am pst at ween.com. 


















































🟫 first vinyl pressing of paintin’ the town brown in over 20 years 🟫 3x lp on brown vinyl. preorder now: https://ween.shop.musictoday.com/dept/paintin-the-town-brownthe album contains songs from ween’s very first live shows, and includes an infamous 26-minute version of “poop ship destroyer". paintin’ the town brown tees also available for preorder.


















































3️⃣ new shows in december announced! presale tickets will be available starting wed, september 21 at 10am et: https://ween.shop.ticketstoday.com/calendar.aspxdec 09 the met - philadelphia, padec 10 the met - philadelphia, padec 11 the fillmore - silver spring, mdtickets on sale fri, september 23 at 10am et at ween.com. 





























*missoula, mt update*due to a positive covid diagnosis within the band, the june 29 show in missoula, mt is postponed. we are working on finding a new date. we apologize to all ticket holders for the inconvenience, please hold on to your tickets until further notice. at this time all other dates are planned to happen as scheduled.




























*boise, id update*due to a positive covid diagnosis within the band, the june 28 show in boise, id will be rescheduled one week later to tuesday, july 5. we apologize to all ticket holders for the inconvenience and hope you can join us next week. at this time, all other dates are planned to happen as scheduled.































© 2011–2025 ween. all rights reserved.

			website development by melodic virtue.
		










