


the florida masochist

















noembed




noembed




    
	the florida masochist
	
  


commentary, sarcasm and snide remarks from a florida resident of over thirty years. being a glutton for punishment is a requirement for residency here.

who am i? i've been called a moonbat by michelle malkin, a right wing nut by daily kos, and middle of the road by florida blog state of sunshine. tell me what you think.









monday, january 31, 2011



	 

	 in memory of daniel thomas jempty
	 
    


like i did in other years, i'm putting this post at the top of my blog till the end of january.my son was born january 25th 2003 at 4:54 p.m. in west palm beach florida. he died at 7:23 a.m. the following day. daniel's life was a short one but he will be forever remembered by me and my dear wife.dw and i have been married 17 years. we tried hard for many years to conceive a child. in 1990 she got pregnant, but two days after receiving the news, dw miscarried.by the late nineties dw and i had almost given up trying. the reasons for our inability to conceive a child were mutual. i have a low sperm count, dear wife has a bicorniate uterus. as the new millenium opened it appeared we'd never have a child.in early august 2002 dw's period was late. early in our marriage we had many episodes of this, dw tested at least a half dozen times at least in hope she would be pregnant. every time but at the one time the results were negative. this time dw suspected something different.not wanting to take a hpt, my wife instead made an appointment with her gyn. it was august 13th of 2002. the nurse gave my wife a cup to pee in. she did this and the nurse said it would take like four minutes to get the result. in about two, the nurse looked and said. "you're guilty!"the wife and i were overjoyed. her due date was april 15, 2003. little did we know what would happen in the month's ahead.my wife went to one ob, but because of many issues, borderline diabetes, some bleeding, plus her bicorniate uterus, my wife began going to a perinatologist named dr. jones insted. a peri for short is a high risk ob. at nine weeks we got our first peek at daniel at an appointment in dr. jones office.because of dw's high risk status, she saw dr. jones every two weeks. normally an ultrasound was done at every appointment. from week 9-16 all was well. dear wife had little morning sickness and no other apparent problems. my wife's many friends kept telling us we would be having a girl. dw and i believed this. all was well and happy. then things changed at an october 31st appointment.dw saw the doctor that day, then had an u/s done afterwards. there was some confusion that day, was dw to have one. at first a nurse said no, then we were told yes. dw had her u/s and there we found out our child was a boy. daniel's boy part dangling for all to see! we have that u/s photo, it can make us cry and laugh to this day. it was like daniel was saying. "mommy and daddy i'm a boy!"other news came at the u/s. my wife's cervix was seriously short. like 2 cm. dw was placed on immediate bedrest. a cerclage was scheduled for the following tuesday november 5th(election day for you political buffs)it was fortunate dw had that u/s at 16 weeks for when the cerclage(a stitch to close the cervix) was done it was discovered dw was already dilated to a cm. if not for this discovery, my wife would most likely have lost daniel in early november 2002.dw was sent home on total bedrest. she did this from home for 3 weeks till november 26th. that was 2 days before thanksgiving. i remember going to the store that day to get last minute purchases for the holiday. my wife had an appt at dr. jones at 10 a.m. that morning i said to dw maybe we should prepare a hospital bag. dw's reply- she thought i was nuts.i took dw to the appointment. she saw dr. jones, then had an u/s. after the u/s dr. jones saw us again. she said for me to take dw to st. mary's hospital. my wife was to be admitted and put on hospital bedrest. her cervix was again shortening despite the cerclage. my prophecy about my dw needing to pack a bag had come true.a nine-week ordeal began for my wife. she didn't leave st. mary's till jan 28th. spending thanksgiving, christmas, new years, her mother's birthday and mine in the hospital. in a bed with her feet up, head down and desperately praying that she could bring our son to a safe delivery.what was pregnancy bedrest like for dw? she had to stay in her hospital bed 24/7, the only exceptions were for twice a week showers and to use the commode to go poop.(a bedpan was used to pee always) even the latter wasn't allowed when dw was first hospitalized. she had to do all her business in a bedpan. the bed was positioned in a way where dw's head was below her feet. that's to keep the weight of daniel off his mother's cervix.this isn't meant as a joke, but i've said in the last three years. "true love is a husband emptying his bedrest pregnant wife's bedpan."then there was being in the hospital cut off from friends, me only there 4-5 hours a day. nothing to do but lay in bed, watch television and work on the church bulletin using a laptop.my wife is a filipina, born and raised in leyte province philippines and like most of countrymen, a very devout catholic. dw has an incredible faith in god, her faith has sustained her through many things. it kept her strong through her two month hospital stay. with st. mary's hospital nearly 20 miles from my home, plus my complicated health and the terrors of driving i-95 through the busiest part of the county, i only stayed with my wife 4-5 hours daily. instead my mil nanay stayed almost every day and night with her daughter in the hospital.dw made it to december, then to january. to 25 weeks and all looking good. she was having no pre-term labor and doing well. dw and i felt strongly she would get daniel to the point where he could be born safely into the world.then at 27 weeks daniel's water broke. it was january 14th. the struggle for my wife and son intensifying. dw was put on antibiotics to try to lessen the chance of infection. dr. jones delaying delivering daniel as long as possible. this is risky because once a mother's water breaks, the chance of infection becomes high. both for mother and child.the following ten days was a period of waiting and watching. my wife showed no signs of infection or any ptl for the first nine, so our hopes began to rise again. dw could make it to february or even 30 weeks and our son's chances would improve with each day.something else i want to mention is how i used to feel daniel kick inside his mommy. dw first started feeling daniel moving around at about 14-15 weeks, but i didn't till week 20. a mom will feel her child before the outside world does. my wife would talk to daniel and say, "daddy is here, give him a kick." like he heard mom's demand, daniel would very often do just that.i remember those first kicks i felt. my son was showing daddy he was there. those little taps would increase in the next eight weeks. one time i remember having my hand on my wife's stomach and i could feel pressure. it had to be daniel's hand or foot. then it went away for a second before i got this big kick or punch! it was so funny.on january 24th things began to change. i left the hospital around 3 p.m. as i normally did to avoid rush hour traffic. later on i talked to dw and she told me about pains she was having. was dw beginning to go into labor?the next day i went about my business in the morning like any other saturday. i didn't plan on going to st. mary's till around noon time. i went to the post office, got my hair cut. it was just any other day.when i got home from the post office, there was a message from dw. she had seen the doctor and was told she was in labor. i called the hosp., talked to dw, talked to dr. jones. leonita was being put on magnesium to slow labor. the doctor told me the baby could be born soon. now it was down to days. i still didn't hurry that day.by the time i arrived at st. marys in 12:45 in the afternoon, my dw was in labor. no ifs, ands, or buts. i knew now was the day. my wife ate a little of her lunch but not much and i basically held her hand and tried to comfort her but we knew this was the day. by 3 p.m. we were told dr. jones would be doing a c-section. a little after 4 p.m. dw was wheeled down to the operating room.the wife was led into the operating room and prepared for the c-section. i waited outside and got dressed into scrubs. then i was called inside. dear wife was laid out flat on her back her arms stretched out longwise. i sat at her left behind a screen that gave me nor dw a view of the operation going on.at 4:54 p.m. daniel was born, the doctors asked if i wanted to stand up and look but i was a coward(probably would have fainted.) born at 28.5 weeks our son was breathing and crying. dw and i cried on hearing our son's entry into the world.a few minutes later daniel was shown to dw and i. he looked so tiny and restful. daniel had been born weighing 3 lbs 4 oz. his large weight due to the gestational diabetes dw had. he was hand carried from the operating room to the nicu.then some brief fun started. dw threw up the little bit of lunch she ate. then the doctors almost forgot to take out her cerclage! i was shown out of the operating room shortly later. by about 5:45 dw was taken to recovery where i sat with her.my wife works for our local catholic church. she has many priest friends. at 6 p.m. fr. tomasz makowski arrived at st. mary's. he said hello to dw(she was pretty much out of it because of the drugs she had been given for the c-section) and the priest and i went to visit daniel. he was being cared for but doing well. he was still breathing on his own, miraulous for a 28 week born baby.(someone asked if my wife's due date could have been wrong. no it couldn't have been for the simple reason we didn't have relations for quite sometime before july 2002.) fr. tomasz baptized daniel around 6:30 that evening. i remember asking a nurse if i could touch daniel. she said yes so i put one of my fingers in my son's tiny hand. i had a son.i kept alternating between dw and the nicu.(the or area and the nicu were adjacent to each other) calling friends and family to tell them of daniel's birth and how both and dw were doing. around 7 p.m. daniel had to be tubed. no one was concerned at this time about my son's condition.because of dw's nausea(and a nursing shift change) she was kept in recovery about two hours. then she was wheeled to her room. on the way she was brought to see daniel. leonita talked to him and cried before being taken to her room.dw was still out of it due to her meds. nanay had been there all day. seeing my wife asleep and not able to stay awake, and after checking with the nicu i went home for the night around 9:15.(before leaving i told a nurse to write down daniel's name. a sign above his nicu isolette said. "i'm a boy." the nurse wrote on it daniel thomas.) no one was concerned at the time otherwise i would have never left. i was just emotionally spent and felt a need to rest and be back the next morning. daniel would be in the nicu for some time and best i get rest while i could.i came home and emailed friends, posted to a couple of message boards and then went to sleep around midnight. dw called around 2 a.m. the doctors were saying daniel wasn't doing well. he was having trouble breathing. what did i do? i went back to sleep not seeing the urgency of the situation. i've hated myself for doing this ever since. my son was dying and i was home in bed.at 6 a.m. the phone rang again. dw told me daniel was in critical condition, the nicu doctor came on the phone. he said my son had septsis(an infection of the blood. premature babies are highly susceptible to this. the risk of infection after dw's water broke had happened.) and i better get to the hospital. i raced out of the house only feeding the cats before leaving. i stopped at our church quickly to tell the priests and then raced to st. mary's getting there around 7 a.m.i remember the scene in the nicu. some people were seated in chairs near where daniel was. later on i'd think of this as a death watch. fr. tomasz was there and had just annointed daniel. i touched my dying son and then went to check on dw. leonita was in her room composed and strong. she told me to go back to daniel and i did.in the nicu i stood with fr. tomasz watching daniel's life signs dwindle to nothing on the monitor. at 7:23 a doctor put a stethoscope to m y son's chest and then said "your son's heart had stopped." after 14.5 hours of life my son had died of septsis.later that day dw and i got to hold daniel in my wife's hospital room. friends and family came, i had called these people again after what happened this morning. i asked dw if she wanted me to buy a cheap throwaway camera to take some photos. she said no. we both regret not having done this.other than the moment the doctor said daniel's heart stopped, the moment i remember most was right after the nurse took daniel from my wife and i so the funeral home could get him. dw broke out crying louder and heavier than any time i've seen her in the 17 years we been married. she is such a wonderful and loving person, who does many kind things for other people. leonita wanted and deserved a child so much, and all she went through to just have daniel taken from her. why god, why?dear wife physical recovery from daniel's birth went smooth. she regained her strength quickly and returned to work 7 weeks after the operation. ppd? dw took zoloft for a short time but stopped it. she put her faith in god and believes strongly to this day that daniel is an angel in heaven.daniel was buried on january 31st in boynton beach florida. the cemetary is about three miles from our house and dw and i visit it two times a week at least.the funeral mass had over 100 people in attendance, only a few of whom were family. my dw worked at our church for 10 years at that time and almost 13 years by now. she is well liked and even loved by many parishoners for her kindness and cheerfulness. five priests including the two from our parrish, the past and present pastor, plus fr. tomasz, and two other priests were there for the mass.dw for understandable reasons doesn't want to try having a child again. she was through an ordeal with daniel only to lose him and she don't want to do this again. her brother and sister-in-law make a incredible offer to let us adopt their then unborn daughter mary belle.(she was born in the philippines in may 2003) because of the huge adoption expenses this would entail, dw and i were not able to do this however much we would have loved to do so.daniel's life was short but for me and dw he touched us so deeply. i still hurt tremendously from what happened. the last two months between the holidays, my birthday and jan 25th and 26th have had me greatly depressed. i break out easily crying many times. why did my son die?i have anger issues too. at myself for leaving the hospital and not returning till almost the moment daniel died. for not insisting with the doctor that dw have daniel as soon as her water broke. friends of ours don't understand why dr. jones delayed considering the risk.alot of my anger is directed at leonita's boss then, our church pastor(a cowardly small minded man) plus the diocese of palm beach. i'm not going to document it here, but i'll say this. if the catholic church has the choice between its money and helping a mother and her unborn child, they'll pick the former!my wife leonita is stronger. she believes our son was not meant for this world. we did counselling for a while but dw chose to stop. i often wish we kept going. dw and i are godparents to a boy named aj who was born 5-1-03. if daniel had lived, he and aj would have been similiar in age etc. my wife takes great delight in aj(his parents are both filipino) but for me the boy is a very strong reminder of daniel and who he could have been.i've still have so much hurt over what happened to daniel and few outlets for dealing with it. there's a fictionalized version of my, dw' and daniel's story on the internet, one i dedicated to daniel. its however on a sci-fi fiction site where i've authored other stories. i'm a little ashamed to point it out, for there are some adult tales on that same site. i don't write such stories, but some authors do. if a blogging friend would like to read it, leave me a comment and i'll email you the story or send you the link.i could write more but just writing this proved emotionally draining for me. thanks for reading it.the photo above is only one of six photos dw and i have of daniel. events moved so fast in the short time of our son's life that i was never able to get a photo of my son while he was alive.this post will remain at the top of my blog for jan 25th and jan 26. daniel, mommy and daddy love and miss you so much. we'll never forget you.note- this post will remain at the top of my blog till the end of january. scroll downward for newer posts.open post- basil's blog, bright & early, bullwinkle, cao's blog, hill chronicles, is it just me?, jo's cafe, stuck on stupid,  third world county, woman honor thyself, outside the beltway,labels: personal stuff



posted by the florida masochist at 1/31/2011 11:59:00 pm
 | 







wednesday, january 26, 2011



	 

	 florida the rules are different here chapter clxxi
	 
    


      a 650 pound piano mysteriously appears on a florida sand bar and nobody knows how it got there. don't you just love the sunshine state?a grand piano recently showed up on a sandbar in miami's biscayne bay, about 200 yards from condominiums on the shore.the piano, which weighs at least 650 pounds, was placed at the highest spot along the sandbar so it doesn't get underwater during high tide.while officials aren't sure how it got there, they know it won't be going anywhere unless it becomes a hazard to wildlife or boaters.florida fish and wildlife conservation commission spokesman jorge pino says the agency is not responsible for moving such itemslabels: florida, music and theatre



posted by the florida masochist at 1/26/2011 08:43:00 am
 | 







tuesday, january 11, 2011



	 

	 the knucklehead of the day award
	 
    


      today's winner is the las vegas nevada police department. they get the award for the following-a comatose 13-year-old las vegas girl who is fighting for her life after being hit by a car has been given a ticket for jaywalking.takara davis's mother received the citation at the hospital earlier this week, klas-tv reported.recounting what a police officer told her, kellie obong, davis' mom, said giving her the ticket at the hospital was in poor taste."he said, 'takara was jaywalking. she has got to go to court on march 6th,'" obong said. "if she was jaywalking, then she was jaywalking. but maybe you give it to me at a later time. don't give it to me when they are rushing her into the operating room."the las vegas police department defended its officers in a statement."we wouldn't do anything deliberately insensitive," the statement said.giving a comatose teenager a ticket with her mother beside her isn't insensitive. what alternate universe does that police department belong to? probably the same one where five officers have nothing better to do that harass a lawabiding citizen who tried waving down one of them after their car broke down. i digress. the las vegas nevada police department is today's knucklehead of the day.labels: knucklehead of the day, law enforcement and the legal system



posted by the florida masochist at 1/11/2011 08:39:00 am
 | 







monday, january 10, 2011



	 

	 the knucklehead of the day award
	 
    


      today's winner is the gatineau, quebec, canada police department. they get the award for the following-a rural gatineau, que., family is angry at police who raided their home armed with loaded guns looking for a marijuana grow-op, which turned out to only be a skunk that lived on their property.auto mechanic oliver macquat was home alone just before 8 p.m. thursday when he saw flashing lights outside.he thought a small water-bottling plant next door was being robbed, but then he heard a knock at his door.the father of two was met by gatineau officers who declared they had a warrant to search his home and arrest him."i thought i was going to have a heart attack," said macquat, who was handcuffed and seated on a stool while officers searched his home."that scared the living daylights out of me. they were very respectful, but it's very humiliating to be wearing handcuffs and to have people going through your house."he was told the skunk smell — which is noticeable when driving by — was also similar to that of a grow-op.i think police need more than a bad odor for proof of a crime or are police just allowed to overreact without cause on a whim? 20 cars showed up macquat family home. no question about it. the gatineau, quebec, canada police department is the winner of a stinky knucklehead of the day award.hat tip- the agitatorlabels: canada, knucklehead of the day, law enforcement and the legal system



posted by the florida masochist at 1/10/2011 02:53:00 pm
 | 







saturday, january 08, 2011



	 

	 the knuckleheads of the day award
	 
    


      today's winners are republican congressmen pete sessions and mike fitzpatrick. they get the award for the following-pete sessions of texas and mike fitzpatrick of pennsylvania did not get off to a smooth start at the beginning of the 112th congress. the republican lawmakers skipped the official swearing in of all members on the house floor because they were attending fitzpatrick’s “celebration”—of his swearing in—in the capitol’s visitor center. said celebration was a fundraiser, where attendees were asked to pay at least $30 (or more). fundraisers are forbidden from taking place in the visitor center, according to congressional rules. just as bad was the fact that by not attending the real swearing in, both representatives wound up voting on actions and legislation without being official members of congress.does fitzpatrick or sessions believe in obeying rules or following the constitution? that is debatable, but they were have proven themselves clueless on this one occasion. that's all i need to name republican congressmen pete sessions and mike fitzpatrick today's knuckleheads of the day.hat tip- rick at sfdblabels: congress, knucklehead of the day, politics kd



posted by the florida masochist at 1/08/2011 01:49:00 pm
 | 







friday, january 07, 2011



	 

	 the knucklehead of the day award
	 
    


      today's winner is p.j. deller inc. they get the award for the following-pittsburgh has quit doing business with p.j. deller inc. until further notice after the company mistakenly tore down a west end house this week.the city will not pay the company for the demolition at 3224 motor st., said john jennings, acting chief of the city's bureau of building inspections.county records show the house is owned by harry and lorraine sweitzer.lorraine nickel, now remarried, said she left the house, which was paid off, when she was injured in a car crash so she could recover while living with her now-husband. her son moved in but did not want to remain in the house.in october, andre hall signed an agreement to buy the property for the cost of back taxes. the home was in foreclosure and condemned. it was vacant for five years, hall said.*****a court order dated nov. 3 showed nickel had six months to fix all unsafe conditions listed on the condemnation notice. those conditions included deteriorated mortar, exposed rotted wood, missing shingles, broken panes, and debris and overgrowth.when hall visited the property monday, he found workers tearing it down. hall said he had paid about $5,000 to make improvements to the home, including paint, windows, lumber and slate for the roof.jennings said p.j. deller inc. was notified via telephone and in writing not to demolish the home. the house next door was scheduled for demolition, and jennings said the company, in error, took down 3224 motor st. as well.that company deserves to lose alot more than city business for tearing down the wrong house. well i'll do my part so far as the company's reputation goes, by naming p.j. deller inc today's knucklehead of the day. put that down as a referral next time.labels: knucklehead of the day, organizations corporations associations



posted by the florida masochist at 1/07/2011 08:31:00 am
 | 







thursday, january 06, 2011



	 

	 the knuckleheads of the day award
	 
    


today's winners are four nhl game officials. referees marc joannette, frederick l'ecuyer and linesman brad lazarowich, tony sericolo. the florida panthers lost a game last night that should have ended no worse than a tie game at the end of overtime. the proof of what i say is in the photo beside this passage.defenseman bryan mccabe fires a shot at atlanta goalie ondrej pavelec. nobody rules it a goal. florida tries to protest, and call for a review. the nhl reviews questionable goals or non-goals all the time. but no these four blind mice don't stop for a war room review but drop the puck. take at look at the photo. the puck is in the net. no question about it and there was video footage of the goalie taking the puck out too.this is the third time florida and its fans have been screwed over by nhl officiating in a game. there was the kick in edmonton, thttp://www.blogger.com/img/blank.gifhe tackling of goalie scott clemmensen in toronto that led to a goal and the nhl admitting the goal should have disallowed and toronto penalized.there's a definite pattern showing in nhl officiating in regards to the panthers and i'm not the only person seeing it. there's either two sets of rules in the league or game officials on the take and rigging games. it don't matter which it is, i name nhl referees marc joannette, frederick l'ecuyer and linesman brad lazarowich, tony sericolo today's knuckleheads of the day.labels: florida panthers, hockey, knucklehead of the day, sports and entertainment



posted by the florida masochist at 1/06/2011 12:10:00 pm
 | 












"home to the knucklehead of the day award. for the world is full of nuts and like a chipmunk, i'm good at finding them."





welcome to florida






about me

name:  the florida masochist 
location:  florida, united states 
view my complete profile


previous posts

in memory of daniel thomas jempty
florida the rules are different here chapter clxxi
the knucklehead of the day award
the knucklehead of the day award
the knuckleheads of the day award
the knucklehead of the day award
the knuckleheads of the day award
the knucklehead of the day award
conchita peralta olobia 1935-2010
the knucklehead of the day award

archives

may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
april 2010
may 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
december 2010
january 2011

other blogs i contribute at
otb sports
rok drop


florida blogs

13th juror
26th paralell
a cool change
a mom, a blog, and the life
abstract appeal
assorted babble
babalu blog
the black republican
boudicca's voice
bright & early
critical miami
the daily pulp
dave in boca
defending those people
eclectic chapbook
florida cracker
florida politics
herald watch
inside larry's head
justice building
klotz as in blood
litbrit
owenized
peer review fl
pushing rope
right in florida
rules are different here
sex and the beach
sleepless in south florida
south of the suwannee
state of sunshine
sticks of fire
strange women lying in ponds
stuck on the palmetto
the world according to carl
blogroll

a blog for all
adam's blog
 the american thinker
 the anchoress
 andrew sullivan
ankle biting pundits
ann althouse
basil's blog
below the beltway
betsy's page
bill's correspondence chess diary
blogs for bush
california conservative
cao's blog
captains quarters
conglomerate
the corner
don singleton
don surber
dprk studies
elephant in my coffee 
from my position...on the way!
gay patriot
gi korea
hooah wife
the huffington post
hugh hewitt
indefensible
indepundit
iowa voice
is it just me?
jim eade's chess journal
jo's cafe
joanne jacobs
john in carolina
junkyard blog
just one minute
kobayashi maru
lashawn barber
little green footballs
marmot's hole
michelle malkin
the moderate voice
mudville gazette
north korea zone
nyc educator
outside the beltway
overlawyered
poliblog
professor bainbridge
qando
right wing nation
sister toldjah
small dead animals
stop the aclu
tel-chai nation
tmh's bacon bits
two babes and a brain
ultima thule
uncorrelated
vodka pundit
volokh conspiracy
yin blog
zen pundit


newspapers

albuquerque journal
anchorage daily news
appleton post-cresecnt
atlanta journal constitution
austin american-statesman
baltimore sun
baton rouge advocate
billings gazette
biloxi sun-herald
birmingham post-herald
boise idaho statesman
boston globe
boston herald
bradenton herald
buffalo news
casper star tribune
charlotte observer
chicago sun-times
chicago tribune
cincinnati enquirer
colorado springs gazette
columbia sc the state
dallas morning news
daytona beach news-journal
denver post
des moines register
detroit free press
el paso times
eugene register guard
evansville courier&press
florida today
fort lauderdale sun sentinel
fort myers news-press
gainesville sun
grand forks herald
hattiesburg american
honolulu advertiser
houston chronicle
indianapolis star
jackson ms clarion-ledger
jacksonville florida times-union
kalamazoo gazette
kansas city star
knoxville news sentinel
las vegas sun
lexington herald-leader
little rock arkansas democrat gazette
los angeles times
louisville courier-journal
memphis commercial appeal
miami herald
milwaukee sentinel
minneapolis star tribune
mobile register
montgomery advertiser
new orleans times picayune
new york newsday
new york times
omaha world-journal
orlando sentinel
palm beach post
pensacola news journal
peoria journal star
philadelphia inquirer
phoenix arizona republic
pittsburgh post-gazette
portland oregonian
raleigh news observer
rapid city journal
sacramento bee
salt lake tribune
san diego union tribune
san jose mercury news
santa rosa press democrat
sarasota herald-tribune
seattle times
shreveport times
spokane spokesman-review
st louis post-dispatch
st petersburg times
tacoma news tribune
tallahassee democrat
tampa tribune
toledo blade
topeka capital-journal
tulsa world
waco tribune-herald
walla walla union-bulletin
washington post
washington times
wichita eagle
zanesville times-recorder
magazines
golf world
national review
the new republic

my interests or miscellaneous
lpga.com
melanoma research foundation
pga tour.com
us chess federation
yahoo news

a member of 











 


feedjit live traffic map
feedjit live traffic feed














