ï»¿







maryland health care commission






































skip to main content







  menu 




 consumer guides 
|
 health care community 
|
 commissioner login 






you must have javascript enabled to see this menu.












facebook



                                            twitter
                                        



social media directory















                                the maryland health care commission is an independent regulatory agency whose mission is to plan for health system needs, promote informed decision-making, increase accountability, and improve access in a rapidly changing health care environment by providing timely and accurate information on availability, cost, and quality of services to policy makers, purchasers, providers, and the public.
                                

                                the commission's vision for maryland is to ensure that informed consumers hold the health care system accountable and have access to affordable and appropriate health care services through programs that serve as models for the nation.

                                our customer service promise to the citizens of maryland
                                


maryland department of health - coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) information











maryland quality reporting
the maryland quality reporting website provides marylanders access to health care quality and cost information for nursing homes, hospitals, commercial health plans, outpatient surgery centers and many other health care settings all in one, easy-to-access, convenient location.           
                                                  
                            







health care community
industry information related to policy and legislative reports, health it,  facility services, commission rulings and meetings, apc and apcd.
                                                  
                            











announcements

february 2025 commission meeting 

click here to register and attend the commission meeting on thur, february 20, 2025 at 1:00 pm (edt).
                                    after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.
                                

emergency con guidance



user fee assessments notice 

                                    by this notice, the commission is modifying the time frame for recalculation of user fee assessments...
                                

more announcements >>











covid-19 update

                                this is a rapidly evolving situation and the mdh will provide updates as they become available with supplementmental information from mhcc....
                            







ola fraud hotline

                                the office of legislative audits operates a hotline to receive allegations of fraud, waste, or abuse of state government resources. the types of fraud and/or abuse of state resources that...
                            










                                        mhcc quick links          
                                                          
                                    




careers
certificate of need
commissioners

industry quick links

meeting schedule

procurement
public information  act requests
regulations 
trauma fund

user fee assessment
workgroups







                                human trafficking

                                get help 

                                national human trafficking hotline -- 24/7 confidential
                            





 1-888-373-7888




 233733







                                for more information on human trafficking in maryland click here.

                                


















contact us
privacy
accessibility
site index



                                    maryland health care commission4160 patterson avenue, baltimore, md 21215 
                                    toll free 1 (877) 245-1762   tty number: 1-800-735-2258  fax (410)
                                    358-1236
                                





stay connected
get the latest updates from the maryland health care commission
subscribe













