



welcome to johnny's east river lodge










|flyfishing|bears|alaska|yakutat|contact us|links|gallery|rates|question's|







catering to the outdoor enthusiast for over 100 years !
 
johnny's is a true alaska  wilderness sport fishing lodge situated on the banks of the east river. we are 50 air  miles east of yakutat alaska, located in glacier bay national park and preserve, at the  northern end of the southeast alaska panhandle.

          opportunities abound for the sportsman and naturalist alike, from fly fishing, brown bear  viewing, glacier touring, and wildlife photography.â  we offer guided and unguided  trips to a wide variety of outlets to the last frontier.

          we do have some of the best fly fishing in the state of alaska.â  here at the east  river you will find easy fly casting due to the unobstructed area, chest waders make for  easy access to almost all areas holding fish, and if you have difficulty getting around in  waders we have fully outfitted boats so that you have full access to those hot spots.

this is an alaska sport fishing lodge, but you will also find it's a great place to relax and get away from it all, meals are excellent and the company good. there's always a story to be told or heard.
the views from the lodge are spectacular, with 15,300 foot mount fairweather towering in the distance with its deep blue glaciers and snow covered peak, to the brabazon range and its multitude of glaciers and sharply defined peaks. you can take it all in while relaxing in front of the massive river stone fireplace, sitting on the deck or stretched out in one of the lawn chairs. 

johnny's east river lodge is a family operated and owned alaska lodge.â  our family has been in the business of caring for guests for over one hundred years.â   jeff and julie brother and sister are following the foot steps of our parents john and janice and grand father hardy, they are there to greet you upon your arrival to the lodge and insure you have the experience to remember for a lifetime, and you'll probably be back for more as many of our guests have.




please email me here for more information   jeff@johnnyseastriverlodge.com



