




  




home - alternative veterinary services






home - alternative veterinary services





















































































alternative veterinary services, llc

 

 978-683-5775  |  north andover, ma

home
about 

team
our facility


services 

nutrition response testing
acupuncture
veterinary homeopathy


pet nutrition
faqs
blog
contact

















home


 















welcome to alternative veterinary services
we offer nutrition response testingsm, homeopathy, acupuncture and chinese herbal medicine
 


a unique philosophy
owned by dr's martha and david lindsay, avs was created because they had repeatedly seen the limitations of conventional medications for healing recurring conditions.
 











we specialize in holistic veterinary care for your pets to ensure they live the healthiest life they can!
we look at not just what is occurring, but get to the root cause of why and how to holistically treat it.










nutrition response testing
nutrition response testing is an effective way to determine the underlying causes of less than optimal health.
read more










veterinary acupuncture
acupuncture is defined as the stimulation of special points on the body resulting in a desired physiologic effect.
read more










homeopathy
homeopathy is a natural, safe and gentle system of healing that works with your body to restore itself, relieve symptoms and improve your overall health.
read more





about us
welcome to alternative veterinary services — holistic medicine for your pets, including nutrition response testingsm, homeopathy, acupuncture and chinese herbal medicine.
we strive to give you the best experience possible, whether you have any familiarity with holistic practices or not. some clients come because they have exhausted every conventional option and wish to try alternative medicine. and some come because they have seen benefits of the services we provide, whether for other pets or for themselves.
meet our team »











testimonials


[ultimate_carousel slides_on_desk=”1″ slides_on_tabs=”1″ slides_on_mob=”1″ autoplay_speed=”15000″ el_class=”testimonial-slider” next_icon=”ultsl-arrow-right6″ prev_icon=”ultsl-arrow-left6″ dots=”off”]
	

after spending a couple of years trying to figure out what would help my 3 year old golden’s allergies, i finally came to dr. lindsay. her fur has come back beautifully as well as her energy. even our friends have noticed the transformation that has occurred just within 3 months.
e.c.




many thanks to dr. martha for bringing our border terrier, michael, back to health….when michael was 1 ½ years old, he was very ill…he had lost 10% of his body weight, he had bloody stools, and stopped eating…now he’s playing and active again. he has better energy and is eating well. michaels success with nutrition response testing had led me to investigate it for myself.
l.s.




my 2 year old dog max was crying at his food…max always had loose stools and many bowel movements a day…we were told he had ibs…his eyes were always gunky…he was vomiting…max began seeing dr lindsay and in one months’ time, max no longer had ibs and the vomiting stopped.
k.b.




our bailey was diagnosed with bleeding ulcers, he was hospitalized, and we almost lost him. then we found dr. martha and saw a change in only a few days…he is off all medications…and is well on his way.
l.c.




my lab, buck, had food allergies that made him itchy and he had chronic ear infections. within days of our visit and being on dr. martha’s supplements, he started showing significant improvements. it was like we had a new dog! his coat is now beautiful, and his skin issues have cleared up completely.
m.s.




my six-year-old cat, marcus, developed pododermatitis where the pads of his paws turned purple and would swell up and sometimes split…his nose was raw and bloody and he was always sneezing and congested…through nutrition response testing dr. lindsay was able to outline a course of supplements and make dietary changes…within a month his nose started to heal…within 2 months the pads of his paws were no longer swollen and sore…he has made amazing improvements and his quality of life has been vastly improved.
m.c.




my dog chloe was diagnosed with a left rear leg acl injury…. the veterinarian strongly recommended surgery…. dr. lindsay changer her diet from dog food to a diet consisting of homemade human quality food and nutritional supplements…the result was amazing!  chloe had a very hard time walking around the yard before her diet change.  within 1 week her limp was noticeably less and in 2-3 weeks it was gone completely.
s.s.


[/ultimate_carousel]







 




















get in touch alternative veterinary services, llc
address:
 9 hodges st. north andover, ma 01845
phone: 978-683-5775

email: office@altvetservices.com
fax: 978-409-1269

office hours: 
by appointment only
mon – thurs: 8am-5pm
friday: 8am-12pm
 




seminars (dates tbd) drain the pain!
ditch the itch!
stomach or abdomen upset? what a relief you can give!




natural life consulting, llc natural life consutling, llc was established in april of 2013. it’s objective is to help individuals to live as healthy a life as possible using nutrition response testingsm and nutritional counseling.
view the website to learn more »




 we are conveniently located near main st. in north andover, ma.












pixel linear 


copyright © 2019 alternative veterinary services, llc. all rights reserved.



 











