



fungal genetics stock center
































fgsc





about us

legacy fgsc home


organism info

neurospora
aspergillus
fusarium
magnaporthe


pricing
catalog

molecular tools
neurospora strains
aspergillus strains
other fungi


strain search
gallery
resources

fungal genetics reports
additional resources

methods, recipes and hints
the neurospora protocol guide
video demonstrations
online images
fluorescence images
video microscopy
online bibliographies
using fungi in teaching
online bibliographies


fungal genetics conferences


contact us








welcome to the fungal genetic stock center
we are a team of dedicated scientists working to provide fungal genetic samples to the research community.
			
strain search
online payment




















organism information










aspergillus
aspergillus is a genus consisting of several hundred mold species found in various climates worldwide. aspergillus was first catalogued in 1729 by the italian priest and biologist pier antonio micheli. viewing the fungi under a microscope, micheli was reminded of the shape of an aspergillum, from latin spargere, and named the genus accordingly. per wikipedia



fusarium
fusarium is a large genus of filamentous fungi, part of a group often referred to as hyphomycetes, widely distributed in soil and associated with plants. most species are harmless saprobes, and are relatively abundant members of the soil microbial community. per wikipedia



magnaporthe
magnaporthe is a genus of ascomycete fungi. several of the species are cereal pathogens. there are five species in the widespread genus. per wikipedia



neurospora
neurospora is the name of a fungal genus containing several distinct species. fungal genera propagate in one of two basic ways.
1. the fungi called yeasts are found as populations of individual cells, and each cell propagates by cell division.
2. filamentous (mycelial) fungi have thread-like cells that propagate by tip extension and branching.
both yeasts and filamentous fungi have been extensively used as model organisms for the study of genetics. the genus neurospora is one of the main groups of filamentous fungi that have been used as model organisms because this genus has many features that lend themselves to this use.










fgsc advisory board

about the advisory board: sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem
						accusantium doloremque





john leslie
fgsc director
department of plant pathology
kansas state university











stephen higgs
associate vice president for research
kansas state university











jennifer k. lodge
vice chancellor for research
washington university in st. louis











jennifer loros
department of biochemistry
dartmouth medical school













j. ernest "ernie" minton
dean, college of agriculture
kansas state university











berl oakley
irving s. johnson distinguished professor
department of molecular biosciences
university of kansas











marc orbach
department of plant pathology
university of arizona











jennifer loros
department of biochemistry
dartmouth medical school















gallery

here are some images for your viewing pleasure!





















































fgsc
bringing you fungal genetic samples since 1984













1712 claflin rd.4024 throckmorton psckansas state universitymanhattan, ks
									66506



questions@fgsc.net



+1 785 532 6011





your message has been sent. thank you!




















send
										message













						© copyright fungal genetics stock center. all rights reserved
					


						mod by thcs, original avilon theme by bootstrapmade




home
about
faq
privacy policy
terms of use























