





florence nightingale museum london – visit the florence nightingale museum in london and discover the world's most important collection of material relating to the founder of modern nursing, a celebrated english social reformer and statistician






















































 







skip to content








instagramfacebookxtripadvisoryoutube 



 













donatetickets 










visit visiting usgetting hereaccessibilitywhat’s onfamiliesschools free learning resourcesprimary schoolsmuseum based sessionin school sessiondigital sessionsecondary schoolssixth form/further education collegesmeet miss nightingale: home educators eventgroup visits group visit offeringgroup outreach offeringdigital offeringabout about the museumvacanciestrusteespatronsvolunteercollection about the collectionsearch the collectionresearch and resourcesabout florence nightingaleexhibitionscaring companions audioimages & filmingsupport us donate onlinesponsorshipbook of honourwall of honourlegaciesvenue hireshopcontactvisit visiting usgetting hereaccessibilitywhat’s onfamiliesschools free learning resourcesprimary schoolsmuseum based sessionin school sessiondigital sessionsecondary schoolssixth form/further education collegesmeet miss nightingale: home educators eventgroup visits group visit offeringgroup outreach offeringdigital offeringabout about the museumvacanciestrusteespatronsvolunteercollection about the collectionsearch the collectionresearch and resourcesabout florence nightingaleexhibitionscaring companions audioimages & filmingsupport us donate onlinesponsorshipbook of honourwall of honourlegaciesvenue hireshopcontactvisit visiting usgetting hereaccessibilitywhat’s onfamiliesschools free learning resourcesprimary schoolsmuseum based sessionin school sessiondigital sessionsecondary schoolssixth form/further education collegesmeet miss nightingale: home educators eventgroup visits group visit offeringgroup outreach offeringdigital offeringabout about the museumvacanciestrusteespatronsvolunteercollection about the collectionsearch the collectionresearch and resourcesabout florence nightingaleexhibitionscaring companions audioimages & filmingsupport us donate onlinesponsorshipbook of honourwall of honourlegaciesvenue hireshopcontact




 






loading...







opening hours 



tuesday to sunday, 10am to 5pm. 

last entry is at 4:30pm.

 museum tickets are available to buy on the door. 












shop online 



bespoke products which make great graduation or birthday gifts for healthcare professionals. 
all shop sales help support our conservation and educational work. 


shop now











schools and groups 



we run a popular schools and groups programme. 
contact us for more information about the florence nightingale experiences that we offer! 


schools
groups














homeadmin2025-02-04t14:51:43+00:00 
welcome to the florence nightingale museumthe florence nightingale museum celebrates the life and work of the best known figure in nursing history.
the florence nightingale museum is open tuesday – sunday from 10:00am until 5:00pm (with last entry at 4:30pm).×
did you know florence nightingale was the first female member of the royal statistical society? that she owned over 60 cats throughout her life and had a pet owl called athena? do you know why she was called florence?


nightingale was the founder of modern nursing, was one of our greatest victorians and a female icon in her own lifetime. she is still an inspiration to nurses around the globe.
visit the museum to celebrate the life of this trailblazing woman; discover all about her affluent childhood, how she fought against her parents’ wishes to become a nurse, her work during the crimean war and how she campaigned for better healthcare for ordinary people. see the actual lamp she carried which earned her the nickname the lady with the lamp, meet her pet owl and see her medicine chest.

what’s on
at florence nightingale museumwe run a lively programme of special events here at the florence nightingale museum, including our popular ‘meet miss nightingale’ series and museum tours.what’s onlearning
at florence nightingale museumthe florence nightingale museum offers formal and informal learning opportunities to discover the story of florence nightingale, including ks1 workshops, family activities and trails.learning
thank you to our sponsors and supporters.





 
 





 t: +44 (0)20 7188 4400
e: info@florence-nightingale.co.uk

 contact us
 

opening times tuesday – sunday 10am – 5pm (last entry 4:30pm)
 

where to find us florence nightingale museum

st thomas’ hospital,

lambeth palace road,

london, se1 7ep

 

we are located at parking level in the grounds of st thomas’ hospital, a short walk from the houses of parliament and the london eye.
 

 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2012 -  florence nightingale museum - charity number: 299576   |   privacy & cookies
|   contact us   |   vacancies   |   subscribe to our newsletter   |   website by: fishvan ltd 


instagramfacebookxtripadvisoryoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 























































































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










go to top




