


the metaphysics research lab







the metaphysics research lab



philosophy department
 
cordura hall 202
 
stanford university
 
stanford, ca 94305-4115



search these pages


welcome to the web pages of the metaphysics research lab.  whereas
physics is the attempt to discover the laws that govern fundamental
concrete objects, metaphysics is the attempt to discover the laws that
systematize the fundamental abstract objects presupposed by
physical science, such as mathematical objects and relations, possible
states and events, types (as opposed to tokens), possible and future
objects, complex properties, etc. abstract objects are even needed to
understand what may turn out to be scientific fictions (e.g.,
causality, models) as well as clearcut cases of scientific fictions
(e.g., absolute simultaneity, the aether, and phlogiston). the goal of
metaphysics, therefore, is to develop a formal ontology, i.e., a
formally precise systematization of these abstract objects.  such a
theory will be compatible with the world view of natural science if
the abstract objects postulated by the theory are conceived as
patterns of the natural world.
 
 in our research lab, we have developed such a theory: the axiomatic
theory of abstract objects and relations.  in many ways, this theory
is like a machine for detecting abstract objects (hence the name
‘research lab’), for among the recursively enumerable
theorems, there are statements which assert the existence of the
abstract objects mentioned above.  moreover, the properties of these
abstracta can be formally derived as consequences of the axioms.  the
theory systematizes ideas of philosophers such as plato, leibniz,
frege, meinong, and mally.  our results are collated in the document
principia logico-metaphysica, which is authored by edward n.  zalta
(ph.d./philosophy), a senior research scholar at csli.  an online
version of principia logico-metaphysica can be found by following
the link to the theory of abstract objects (see
below).  in published work, the theory has been applied to problems in
the philosophy of language, intensional logic, the philosophy of
mathematics, and the history of philosophy.
media presentations

welcome message (272k sound file) 
(.snd, 
 .au, or 
 .wav) 
      (recorded december 1, 1994)
the theory of abstract objects (summary and tutorial)

computational metaphysics web pages (by branden fitelson,
 paul e. oppenheimer, and edward n. zalta)
streaming video lecture: towards leibniz's goal of a  computational metaphysics 
 by edward n. zalta, 
munich center for mathematical philosophy workshop,  june 11, 2011 
slides for the lecture (in pdf)


streaming video: possible worlds, the lewis principle and the myth of a large ontology

 by edward n. zalta and christopher menzel 
  munich center for mathematical philosophy workshop, june 4, 2011
 
slides for the lecture (in pdf)



streaming audio lecture: a logically coherent ante rem structuralism 
 by edward n. zalta and uri nodelman 
ontological dependence workshop, university of bristol, february 2011 
slides for the talk.
(this talk was developed into a paper, retitled “foundations for mathematical structuralism,” and 
in the journal mind in 2014. here is a
 preprint.)


streaming video lecture: steps toward a computational metaphysics



 by edward n. zalta and branden fitelson
computing and philosophy conference, oregon
state university, august 8, 2003
slides for the lecture (in pdf)



historical foundations

ernst mally
plato and meinong
gottlob frege
gottfried wilhelm leibniz

metaphysics research lab personnel and collaborators

edward n. zalta, senior
 research scholar, csli, stanford university.

 upcoming presentations:
lecture, issues nine club series,  institute of philosophy, slovak academy of sciences, 
   october 10, 2024 (via zoom).

jesse alama,
 assistant editor, stanford encyclopedia of philosophy, stanford university.

colin allen,
 professor, history and philosophy of science,  university of pittsburgh

christoph benzmüller,
  lehrstuhl für ai systems engineering, universität bamberg.

otávio bueno,
 professor, university of miami.

mark colyvan,
 professor, philosophy, university of sydney, australia 

branden fitelson,
 professor, philosophy department, northeastern university.

daniel kirchner, research fellow, aise
  (artificial intelligence system engineering) = the research group of
  the department of applied computer sciences at
  otto-friedrich-universität bamberg.

hannes leitgeb,
 chair and head, munich center for mathematical philosophy, ludwig-maximilians universität münchen.

bernard linsky,
 professor, philosophy department, u. of alberta, canada.

christopher menzel,
   professor, philosophy department, texas a&m university.

michael nelson, 
associate professor, philosophy department, university of california/riverside.  

uri nodelman,
 senior research engineer, philosophy department, stanford university

paul e. oppenheimer, 
  visiting lecturer, university of adelaide.

francis jeffry pelletier, 
 professor, philosophy department, university of alberta, canada

merel semeijn,
  theoretical philosophy, university of groningen and leiden university.

daniel west, 
 doctoral student, philosophy department, city university of new york graduate center.

(former) visitors to the lab (reverse chronological order)

tadeusz ciecierski, assistant professor, institute of philosophy, university of warsaw, poland
johannes brandl,
 associate professor, universität salzburg
ondrej tomala, ph.d. candidate, charles 
university, prague (the czech republic).
gabriel sandu,
  professor, theoretical philosophy, university of helsinki, finland 
ju shier,
 professor, zhongshan university; director,
 institute for logic and cognition, zhongshan university, guangzhou, china
nie wenlong,
  assistant professor,  institute for logic and 
 cognition, zhongshan (sun yat-sen) university, guangzhou, china
 kristë shtufi, forschungsassistent, 
university of graz, austria, and lecturer at university of prishtina, kosovo. 
 sun-joo shin (professor, philosophy, yale university)
 paavo pylkkanen, associate professor, 
 consciousness studies program, 
 skövde  university, sweden
 anna bjurman pautz, 
 doctoral student, department of philosophy, university of lund, sweden
   keith stenning, 
 professor, division of informatics (human communication research
centre), university of edinburgh, united kingdom
   daniel nolan,
 lecturer, philosophy department, university of nottingham
   greg restall, 
 senior lecturer, philosophy department, university of melbourne, melbourne,
 australia
   wolfgang malzkorn, 
 formerly of the seminar für logik und grundlagenforschung, 
universität bonn, germany
   steven horst, 
associate professor, philosophy department, wesleyan university
   godehard link,
  professor, institut für philosophie, logik, und
wissenschaftstheorie, universität münchen, germany
   edwin mares, 
 senior lecturer, philosophy department, victoria university of
wellington, new zealand
   karl-georg niebergall, 
 professor, humboldt-universität zu berlin, germany
   peter menzies, associate professor, philosophy department, macquarie university, australia
   john bacon,
 associate professor, school of philosophy, university of sydney, australia
 david chalmers,
 professor, new york university
  andrew irvine,  professor, philosophy department, university of british columbia,
canada
   christopher gauker,
 professor, universität salzburg
   mark textor, 
 lecturer, kings college/london, united kingdom
   kees van deemter, 
 informatics, university of utrecht, the netherlands 





tools and procedures used to create this web site


copyright © 2004, by edward n. zalta.  all rights reserved.  
send comments, suggestions, and/or problems to: 
 .



