











































easter bunnyeaster fun!home
welcome to easterbunny.com!february 16, 2015 by admin 13 commentsfirst, happy easter! welcome to easterbunny.com and easter.biz, the home page of easter on the internet. while many of the easter pages on the internet have gone completely commercial, we intend to remain a true source for information related to easter. and not just the commercial aspects, but the true, religious aspects too. while someread more
orthodox easter datesfebruary 16, 2005 by admin 1 commentorthodox easter dates what day is easter? the current gregorian ecclesiastical rules that determine the date of easter trace back to 325 ce at the first council of nicaea convened by the roman emperor constantine. for more detail, see the description after the list. orthodox easter dates are as follows, dates when “western” (protestant andread more
leave a message for the easter bunnymarch 10, 1995 by admin 61 commentsyou can reply below to leave a message for the easter bunny.
easter hamapril 16, 1994 by admin leave a comment  easter ham the custom of serving ham at easter goes back as far as william the conquerer. some believe that ham became traditional because the pig is a symbol of prosperity in many cultures. ingredients: 1 7 to 8 pound fully cooked smoked ham 1 cup maple syrup 2 tablespoons cider vinegar 1 tablespoonread more
easter verse – the hymns of easterapril 16, 1994 by admin leave a commentthe hymns of easter the hymns that follow are some of the most moving and important hymns of easter. the strife is o’er alleluia, alleluia, alleluia! the strife is o’er, the battle done, the victory of life is won; the song of triumph has begun. alleluia! alleluia, alleluia, alleluia! the powers of death have doneread more
easter in the biblefebruary 16, 1994 by admin leave a commentthe bible on easter the angel said to the women, “do not be afraid, for i know that you are looking for jesus, who was crucified. he is not here; he has risen, just as he said.” matthew 28:5-6.

categories

easter

easter bunny

easter sunday

easterbunny

uncategorized




recent posts


welcome to easterbunny.com!


orthodox easter dates


leave a message for the easter bunny


easter ham


easter verse – the hymns of easter


easter in the bible



easterbunny.com, all rights reserved easterbunny.com








