





maui vacations




maui 
  vacations 

maui 
  hawaii vacations condos is your one stop list for vacation rental condos 
  and homes in kihei, wailea, and many tropical locations on maui. maui is famous 
  for its oceanfront getaways, white sand beaches, private honeymoon suites, and 
  affordable rental accommodations.   bring the whole family for a hawaiian 
  getaway - perfect place to lay back and enjoy your vacation.  plan your 
  next vacation in maui, or any of hawaii's islands--oahu, kauai, molokai, and 
  the big island of hawaii. 
    
  
   



  call toll free 1 877 850 7852
  to reserve a unit or book online
  with the unit's secured form


favorite places to stay


oceanfront units with maidservice.  stretch of white

    sand beach.  wonderful outdoor bar and restaurant.
 
         
 

 
haleakala 
          shores

2/b-2/b ocean and park view at haleakala shores. 
          spacious and newly remodeled. 


 
 



across the street from beachpark and sunsets.  beautiful

    lush grounds.



oceanfront, oceanview, 6-story building with elevators 
        and private lanais. heated swimming pool, shuffleboard, and roof deck 
        with a commanding view. restaurant and lounge on property. next 
        to kalepolepo fish ponds-historic hawaiian site.



across the street from beachpark.  close 
        to restaurants and shops. internet access available in each unit.


in wailea, across from harry's and wailea steak 
        house.   close to joe's bar & grill and tennis courts.
located behind the wailea tennis center with the 
        wailea blue course on 3 sides. mokapu and ulua beaches and the shops at 
        wailea are just minutes away. units are beautifully appointed and air 
        conditioned. there are two swimming pools and spas. 



oceanfront--

    close to supermarket and catholic church


at the entrance of wailea.  golf and tennis rates

    available.




across the street from beachpark and fabulous 
        sunsets. internet access available in each unit. 
         



across street from beautiful kamaole beach ii, garden 
        view, low-rise with private lanais. swimming pool, shuffleboard and bbq’s 
        on property. shops and restaurants close by. 



oceanfront in north kihei.  great beach 
        for morning walks to maalaea. internet access available in each unit. 
         


oceanfront with tennis courts, putting green, pool.  

    beachfront is lawned.

    kamaiina special available

    until 12/15/2001. 

      



oceanfront in central kihei with white sand cove. across the

    street from shops and restaurants.



conveniently located near beach and shopping center 
        with food market. low-rise complex with spa, laundromat and lush tropical 
        grounds. all units air conditioned. 



oceanfront in south kihei.  snorkeling, swimming, and

    private sunsets.


oceanfront property 
          with putting green, sauna, shuffle board, spa, sundeck, tennis courts. 
          1 or 2 bedroom units have ocean or garden view, microwave oven, telephone, 
          washer/dryer. great beach for snorkeling and long walks.




across the street from the ocean and fabulous sunsets


condos in kauai, oahu, and the big island



oceanfront in maalaea.  views of haleakala, kihei bay to

    makena, kaahoolawe and whale watching in season.


condos in waikiki, kona, and kahana



call toll free 1 877 850 7852
  to reserve a unit or book online
  with the unit's secured form



other

places on maui:



  these units are booked six to twelve months in advance 
  

more condos
vacation homes
private rental units


punahoa condominiums
hale ahe 
      - kihei
hale ahe studio - kihei


the 
      polo beach club
 
makani a 
      kai - maalaea- wheelchair accessible







call toll free 1 877 850 7852
  to reserve a unit
  or book online with the unit's secured form

real estate 
  on maui
 
 
copyright 2005-09 condoshawaii.com


