













insight matters corporate psychology & executive coaching sydney australia











































































insight matters
oops!  this web browser does not support some of the features required by this web site.   the web site may not display or function correctly.
please update to the latest version of this browser or consider upgrading to a more modern browser.
the following links may assist you to update this browser or upgrade to another browser:  browse happy, what is my browser and what is the latest version of my browser?















menu








about us

insight matters

stephanie thompson
media & articles
privacy policy



psychometric services
psychometrics

all services

pre-employment testing
psychometric consulting
qualia personality
employee surveys



coaching & behavioural services
coaching

all services

executive coaching
outplacement & career coaching
coachcam
culture change


contact us























welcome to insight matters


                we provide specialised human resources services informed by excellence in organisational psychology.
            

                we assist large and small businesses in the sydney area, across australia and internationally.
            

                here's how we can help you…
            







psychometric services




psychometric testing for recruitment, personality profiling for development, and other psychological metrics.





coaching & behavioural services






executive coaching, career guidance, outplacement, stress remediation and solving people or culture problems.






we've worked with…





























































































































































































































































about usaboutprivacy policyprivacycontact uscontact
copyright © 2025 insight initiatives pty ltd  abn 81 089 087 623













