















graduate college






















ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma





skip navigation
graduate college






































 





your future awaits





pursue your passion in one of the university of oklahoma’s more than 260 master’s and doctoral-level majors. build your reputation and expand your boundaries at a university focused on holistic education. our positive and engaged community prepares students to succeed. we advocate for you and your future, celebrate your innovations, and provide the one-on-one attention you deserve.
 
the ou graduate college ensures academic quality and consistency, ensuring you receive the support you deserve to pursue your passion. from coaching and mentoring to policy and academic practices, the graduate college supports and celebrates you. are you ready to enhance your future opportunities?








apply

 
begin your journey with the university of oklahoma's graduate college
 
apply now




 













graduate student spotlight





boushra ajeeb







meet boushra, a ph.d. candidate from lebanon who came to ou for something more. boushra found a sense of community within the stephenson biomedical engineering department. her determination, hard work, and departmental support have allowed boushra to research regenerative knee cartilage and raise her son.
to delve deeper into boushra's inspiring journey, we invite you to watch our graduate student spotlight video. 













 








 
 
 
 
"the goal of the ou graduate college is to guide, support, and enhance the educational experience of every graduate student at the university. we value all scholars within the university and want your experience to affect you and your community in the best possible way."
 
-randy hewes
dean of the ou graduate college
 
 



 








virtual tours






experience the university of oklahoma from anywhere in the world via our virtual college tours. step into the sam noble museum and biomedical labs, study for finals in the zarrow family faculty and graduate student center, or take a stroll down the south oval.




  




biomedical lab

 
tour









sam noble lab

 
tour









graduate center

 
tour









south oval

 
tour




    














financial support
explore the many ways ou helps support graduate students.

 
 
find financial support












explore programs
browse all graduate majors and disciplines available at the university of oklahoma.

 
 
explore programs










graduate college bulletin
look up deadlines, degree requirements, and other resources available to all graduate students.
 
go to gc bulletin






 








38
online master's programs





163
master's programs





73
doctoral programs





63
graduate certificates



 








in the news












impact



meteorology field work offers life-changing opportunities for ou students



june 25, 2024


students from ou's school of meteorology are out in the field conducting atmospheric research year round. those opportunities can shape their educations and their future careers.




 read more
meteorology field work offers life-changing opportunities for ou students















ou launches entrepreneurship and innovation master’s program



may 08, 2024


the university of oklahoma’s price college of business is launching a new hybrid master’s program to help working professionals, entrepreneurs and innovators learn how to create and scale a new business, either in an existing company or as a startup.




 read more
ou launches entrepreneurship and innovation master’s program






more news










ou professors, graduate student build tool for state lawmakers to estimate cost of legislation

april 18, 2024

university of oklahoma faculty and a graduate student in the department of sociology built a cost estimation tool for the state to view the cost of possible legislation by accounting for a wide variety of factors such as geography and staffing. 


 read moreou professors, graduate student build tool for state lawmakers to estimate cost of legislation










winners announced for ou three minute thesis competition

february 27, 2024

the university of oklahoma graduate college named ami frost, graduate student in the dodge family college of arts and sciences, winner of the three minute thesis competition for her presentation “different by degrees: relationship quality differences by level of education.”


 read morewinners announced for ou three minute thesis competition










celebrating international women and girls in stem day with chhandosee ganguly

february 11, 2024

when chhandosee ganguly was in 4th grade, a class assignment shifted the entire trajectory of her professional career.


 read morecelebrating international women and girls in stem day with chhandosee ganguly





 









contact us



couldn't find what you were looking for? have any questions? give us a call or send us an email and we'll help you!
 
contact information





robertson hall (room 213)
731 elm avenue, norman, ok 73019

phone: (405) 325-3811



 
















 graduate college 

          robertson hall, room 213
731 elm avenue
norman, ok 73019
(405) 325-3811
site edits: gradwebteam@ou.edu



 





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 2/12/2025 by graduate college: gradinfo@ou.edu


























