






home - piffaro
















































































skip to content








toggle menu

home
about

the players
our instruments
board & staff
friends & partners
virtual exhibition
for press & presenters


concerts

buy tickets now
purchase season pass
our venues
tech support


music

purchase music


education

recorder fest!
early double reed & brass workshop


donate

donate to piffaro
instrument fund campaign


news
 












2024-2025 season


buy it here 





help bring early music to new fans


buy it here 





donate to our instrument fund


buy it here 





piffaro welcomes two new members!
héloïse degrugillier and sian ricketts

buy it here 




 


















upcoming concerts & events 






more info











join our mailing list for latest updates 






sign up



















piffaro delights audiences with highly polished recreations of the rustic music of the peasantry and the elegant sounds of the official wind bands of the late medieval and renaissance periods.  its ever-expanding instrumentarium includes shawms, dulcians, sackbuts, recorders, krumhorns, bagpipes, lutes, guitars, and a variety of percussion — all careful reconstructions of instruments from the period. 











piffaro is a 501(c)3 so your gifts are tax-deductible 










donate















concert venues 











 




church of the holy trinity, rittenhouse square 
19 s. 38th, philadelphia, pa 19104





 



philadelphia episcopal cathedral 
19 s. 38th, philadelphia, pa 19104





 



presbyterian church of chestnut hill 
8855 germantown ave., philadelphia, pa 19118





 



church of the holy trinity 
505 buck rd., wilmington, de 19807






westminster presbyterian church 
2400 w 17th st a, wilmington, de 19806





 



immanuel church, highlands 
2400 w 17th st a, wilmington, de 19806





 



christ church christiana hundred 
505 buck rd., wilmington, de 19807





 



westminster presbyterian church 
19 s. 38th, philadelphia, pa 19104




purchase tickets












piffaro’s music catalog is available for purchase! 










purchase



















our music 



















featured cd 



 



back before bachback before bach is an exceptional compendium of sixteenth and early seventeenth century german and franco-flemish music. the group of composers featured can be seen as the precedent for the luminaries of the german baroque era, specifically johann sebastian bach. piffaro draws from a wide variety of genres while focusing on a geographically and temporally constrained group of composers, thus presenting the musical foundation from which bach and his contemporaries emerged. 






purchase










see all merchandise











education 



education is an essential part of piffaro’s mission. discover ways that you or your students can learn more about the instruments and music of the renaissance. 




 







learn more






















purchase subscription














join mailing list




















“there is a reason why the ensemble piffaro from the usa has been invited back so many times to regensburg. few other instrumental ensembles of the early music scene, with their knowledge and wonderful programming, can excite audiences the way they do. not only was the program itself fascinating, but also the enormous variety of instrumental color, with which piffaro took the audience through the different musical styles and periods. this concert is the best example of how lively and exciting early music can be. the reichssaal rocked!”

mittelbayrische zeitung
german publication—june 2019



“from start to finish, the concert showed piffaro to be playing not just at its historic best but to be considered among the finest period instruments ensembles in the world.”

chestnut hill local
september 2019



“nothing felt obscure, severe, or even very distant”

philadelphia inquirer
october 2018



“the chance, then, to hear the renowned visiting piffaro, and their instruments — recorders, shawms, sackbuts, bagpipes, dulcians and so on — was potentially a once-in-a-lifetime experience… it was all magnificent.”

rochester post-bulletin
october 2018



“piffaro offered performances that enhanced its already high reputation for playing that is both technically polished and interpretively compelling. timbres were tart, rhythms were precise and energetic, balance was superb, and the occasionally somber mood of some of the texts was always projected with warmth and lyricism.”

chestnut hill local
april 2017




















google arts & culture 















piffaro the renaissance band’s october 2016 performance of the musical world of don quixote is proudly featured on the  google cultural institute, allowing it live on through capturing video highlights, performance photos, excerpts of text from the novel, and program notes.  




 







experience it




















© 2024 piffaro the renaissance band2238 fairmount avenue, philadelphia, pa 19130215-235-8469info@piffaro.org privacy policy

 



 








© 2025 piffaro. proudly powered by sydney 







 














 


