




all faiths weddings, nondenominational wedding minister, virginia, maryland, washington dc


















  

 











home   
          about   
          thank-you's   
          links   
          contact











all faiths wedding officiants/ministers create and perform joyful, meaningful, 
            and personalized nondenominational wedding ceremonies for people of 
            all religious backgrounds, whether the bride and groom be catholic, 
            protestant, jewish, muslim, eastern, any other faith, or no particular 
            faith. serving couples of any religious or spiritual background is the
            primary mission of our group of wedding celebrants. same day and short notice weddings our specialty.
god has blessed each couple with the gift of love, and that love overrides 
  other factors such as specific religious background, or the bride and 
  groom being of different faiths, or whether either has been married 
  before. the emphasis of our ceremonies is love and joy.
"your wedding day is a celebration of your love and deep friendship, 
          and we do everything possible to ensure your personal wishes are respected, honored, 
          and celebrated in your ceremony."
rev. dan kane and his wedding minister colleagues do not require pre-marriage counseling, but they will provide this 
          if it is requested. sometimes engaged couples who are not active members 
          of a christian congregation or a catholic parish community find that 
          religious leaders will not officiate unless certain rigid conditions 
          and restrictions are met. the all faiths wedding ministers do not have these requirements.
"this is your wedding!"
to help couples plan their ceremonies, our ministers offer brides and grooms 
          a ceremony workbook that allows them to select ceremony texts and assists 
          them in writing their own ceremonies. when the atmosphere and words 
          of a wedding ceremony personally reflect the love the bride and groom 
          feel for each other, the ceremony becomes a powerful beginnng of their 
          new life together.

"with over twenty years of experience as a wedding officiant, 
          i will ensure that your wedding celebration will be a very memorable 
          one. a wedding ceremony that builds on the values of your past and looks 
          to the future will speak personally and eloquently to you, both at the 
          time of your wedding and throughout your life together."




          to inquire about our wedding ceremony services,
          please phone or text 703-801-1012 or  
          
e-mail.
          









  © 2000 - 2019 all faiths weddings.     all rights reserved. 
  












