



	edway home page


























                    
    edway online e-learning

                




homeabout uscoursescorporate trainingcareer training

associatececorporatelearn law

metacognitionservicescontact us9-12 academystudent login






resources





view our online course catalog and register for a course


recent publications


instructional design strategies for effective blended learning


video-driven multimedia, web-based training in the corporate sector: pedagogical equivalence and component effectiveness


             
        



            we invite you to learn how edway online may work with you to design, deliver and
            develop live and online multimedia, interactive programs to meet your education
            and training needs.
            edway online is dedicated to serving your live and online education, training, and
            professional development training needs by working with you to:
        








design, develop and deliver live and online courses and programs
                                
provide a branded and customized hosted e-learning content management
                system and distance education platform 
transition your training, education, and professional development
                content from live to online learning 
consult in and design multimedia and interactive course content and
                programs
partner to offer professional development, executive education. continuing
                education courses and programs 
license over 150 business and law-related applied skills courses
                and 15 certificate programs 





            edway online offers continuing education law and business programs thorough its
            partnerships with universities around the world. if you are a university or college
            and would like to expand your curriculum and choose from over 150 courses and 15
            certificate programs please contact us
            and visit our services page. click here to download an edway brochure.









corporate training 


                                edway online offers customized live and web-based corporate training programs designed
            and delivered for in-house training, professional development, and "corporate
            u." for more information click here and visit
                our corporate training page.


continuing education, workforce training, and executive education 


                                edway online partners with universities, colleges, professional associations, workforce
            commisions and others to license its over 150 covers and 15 certificate programs.
            for more information please visit our services page.
                            

associate training and professional development


                                edway online offers customized web-based associate training and professional development
            programs based on firm based-cle and live programs through its proprietary e-learning
            delivery system. for more information click here and
                visit our associate training page.
                            




our services 


for more information about how edway online can serve your online
                education and training needs please click here


edway learning, authoring and delivery system elads™


the edway elads™ is an e-learning learning
                management system for distance education delivery. for more information about the innovative new web based e-learning
                application from edway online - please click
                    here


            edway academy partners with home-based learners and educational resource and academic
                providers for grades 9-12. click here to learn more.


copyright © 2001-2021 edway online. all rights reserved. 




