





brownwatch

























































home/
 news blog/
covid genocide/
free society or free range prison?/
racism/white supremacy defined/
racism blog/
mind is a mf/
rss/






































if you think you are free, you can't escape




home page











home/
 news blog/
covid genocide/
free society or free range prison?/
racism/white supremacy defined/
racism blog/
mind is a mf/
rss/





















































white akron cop uses assault rifle to execute black teen apparently posing no threat. police never saw a gun b/c it was inside a zipped pocket- as murders of blacks by police continue in liberal cities













contrary to massa media, black unemployment is soaring. according to the bls survey, job creation stands at negative 723,000 since october













liberal memphis authorities deprive black people of their rights, impose 2nd class citizenship with violence in highly segregated city: doj says predatory cops "flood" neighborhoods to stop, search, degrade and arrest blacks



according to funktionary:patriotism – the degree of voluntary servitude evinced. 2) the result of one successful treason—until the next one is necessary. 3) re-inforced mindless symbolic conformism. (see: u.s. citizen, treason, usa, corporate state, nation, us senate, country, congress, constitution & human resources)






featured
















black boston city councilwoman tania fernandes anderson indicted and arrested by federal authorities on corruption charges























jackson mayor, other black mississippi officials to stay in office amid corruption charges
































'never expect justice in white liberal's court:' jury acquits in herman whitefield case. 4 indy cops piled on top of black man who hadn't committed a crime, killed while being forced to do mental eval
































will judges elevate cop mantra, "i feared for my life," over a black woman's plea for mercy, "im pregnant" ? a baytown cop fatally shot pamela turner from several ft away but court may dismiss suit























illinois supreme court upholds cop mantra routinely used to destroy our imaginary rights: says if police claim they smell marijuana they can search car























house judiciary committee says feds are using banks to surveil americans' financial data without warrants























tax invasion: chicago mayor under fire as black residents express anger over $575m spent on migrant shelters while city has a $1b shortfall























foreign-born population on track to exceed 82 million by 2040























alabama tied an execution record in 2024























brown university donates land to native american tribe























federal judge upholds race-based admissions at naval academy, concluding diversity ‘remains critical’ for national security
































oh high court (a nearly all-white jury) says the unaccountable white akron cops who murdered jayland walker can remain unidentified; shot unarmed, fleeing black man 47x after suspect traffic violation
































liberal memphis authorities deprive blacks' rights, impose 2nd class citizenship w/violence in segregated city: doj says predatory cops "flood" neighborhoods to stop, search, degrade and arrest blacks
































contrary to massa media, black unemployment is soaring. according to the bls survey, job creation stands at negative 723,000 since october
































gloat lebron james also losing money - media company lost nearly $30 million last year
































white akron cop uses assault rifle to execute black teen apparently posing no threat. police never saw a gun b/c it was inside a zipped pocket- as murders of blacks by cops continue in liberal cities
































a white okc cop assumed an unarmed black 8th grader had a gun, ordered him to drop it and fired 4 shots all in less than 1 second. appeals ct denied immunity, allows lorenzo clerkley’s suit to proceed
































revised north carolina law enables mostly white prosecutors to disproportionately charge black children as adults in order to address the public's perception of rising crime
































black lawmaker proposes california bill that would allow public university admission priority for slaves’ descendants
































tax invasion and theft: white liberal denver mayor spent $350m on migrants, mostly on education -meanwhile dps data shows that 95% of black and latino 3rd graders cannot read at grade level
































public turning off channel zero: probot rachel maddow's ratings drop significantly. her disinfotainment drama show being outdrawn by "family guy" and "ancient aliens"
































like a fan cheering at the wrong time during a game, loyal negro whoopi goldberg dogmatically barks, claps and pardons massa biden- as if he delivered something tangible to black communities
































if an officer is too slow or weak to stop an unarmed, non-dangerous suspect can he use deadly force? michigan ct rules weak white grand rapids cop must face murder charge for shooting patrick lyoya
































trial begins for 2 white indianapolis officers charged w/murdering herman whitfeld. cops answered 911 mental health call by holding black man face down, suffocating him during arrest for no crime























corpse biden pardons son hunter biden in gun and tax cases–and any federal crimes from 2014 through 2024
































forget dei, white presumacy is the ultimate form of affirmative action: billionaire's daughter w/no cop experience named head of nypd. goal is to dominate blacks in a city controlled by elite liberals
































nypd to pay $6m to george tillman's family after a jury rejected 4 cops lies- unarmed black man shot to death during a stop over an open container outside a bbq. liberal da believed cops, no charges























"one word, audit." james carville says ‘the fundraisers are burnt. the democratic brand is facing unfathomable damage after puppet kamala's $2 billion losing campaign’
































saferent solutions settles class action for $2m. suit claimed it used ai-related discrimination to exclude black renters. black woman plaintiff denied tenancy despite paying rent on time for 16yrs
































"medicide:" israel-us are carrying out a war on hospitals as part of their holocaust and depopulation plan in gaza and lebanon



















sign-up for a phfree mini-edition of funktionary




















              name and email
              
                *







thank you!





















featured

























non-profit organization gets kenya court to temporarily suspend diplomatic immunity for bill gates
































during the year of “safe and effective,” us authorities knew covid shots were deadly: mounting evidence suggests cdc hid data on covid injections and myocarditis
































nih chief confesses covid health initiatives were completely made up and vax didn't stop covid. raja cholan: 'we’re all going to learn about the dangers of covid injections when it’s too late'























biden, fed authorities hired pr firm to aggressively push useless and dangerous covid injections for kids























dr peter mccullough: covid-19 was actually all about getting covid injections, a needle in every arm!























depopulation - rizza islam
































covid shot antidote: due to shedding and food contamination, dangerous self-assembling nanotechnology is also in the blood of the unvaxxed. dr mihalcea provides simple way to remove it from your body
































can fauci or others be held accountable for deaths, illness and injuries from covid shots? mtg tells congress matt gaetz will prosecute those responsible for crimes against humanity during plandemic























peer reviewed study finds that covid injections pose 112,000% greater risk of brain clots, strokes than flu shots























documentary - "propaganda exposed! episode 3. weaponizing fear - mandating compliance"






















featured
















south korean study finds covid shots linked to increased risk of alzheimer’s and mild cognitive impairment























elites are trying to kill us: 20 universities still forcing students to get dangerous covid injections























reiner fuellmich update from prison: attorney was kidnapped and locked up by german/mexican authorities after investigating covid shots as genocide and attempting to convene “2nd nuremberg” trial























former pfizer vice president dr yeadon claims the covid-19 virus does not exist, which means there was no pandemic but instead a coordinated ‘long planned attack’ upon civilians























23 year-old killed by pfizer covid injection























repairing damage from covid injections























new study demonstrates covid did not cause excess deaths during 2020 - 2023. in contrast, covid injections have caused 16 million associated deaths























‘things in your body that don't belong there:’ dr mihalcea provides more evidence covid shots and pcr tests contain nanotechnology that self assembles in the blood causing illness and death























[revealing truth when lies are no longer necessary] former cdc director tells us senate, 'mandating covid shots was a great mistake.’ says govt was “not transparent about the potential side effects”























[consent to take medicine obtained thru misinformation is fraud, battery and/or murder] gov authorities, “vaccine” makers and media had no safety data to claim covid shots safe for pregnant women






















featured

























norm patrol – societal soldiers ever alert to detect any sort of abnormality, original thoughts, or creative deviance (from what’s been presented to you as “real” or normal. big brother’s little army






















featured

























worse than rikers? liberal authorities at dc jail are using solitary confinement as a default placement for inmates who are vulnerable or have mental health issues in their dangerous, 95% black jail
































cdc paid coin-operated black influencers w/money from elites [bill gates, fakebook etc] to push covid shots: myth-information about safety fraudulently induced the public into taking deadly injections
































liberal nj authorities impose 2nd class citizenship onto blacks: using subjective criteria, black applicants w/no criminal history are denied gun permits at a rate 2.5x higher than white applicants
































black people in dc are 6x more likely than whites residents to be unemployed and the net worth of a typical white family is 81x that of a typical black family, in city controlled by elite liberals
































james carville claims 'males of color will be arrested if trump wins.' in reality, white liberals are locking up thousands of black men in grossly disproportionate numbers in the cities they live in
































a shamburger meal w/an order of unverifiable lies for your vote: micky-dees says no mcjob records exists for mcnegro kamala. massa' media says 'no proof is necessary,' dismissing stolen mcvalor drama
































trump misses point: regardless of her chromosomes, kamala isn't a “black” politician b/c she delivers nothing of tangible value to black communities, has no black ideology and is controlled by elites
































black man “chooses” to be “executed” by injection rather than firing squad. all white jury found him guilty of murder of white man, da removed all potential black jurors. supreme ct review sought
































columbus cop trial for murdering andre hill begins mon. white cop shot black man holding a cell phone w/screen lit up, wasn't under arrest. 22 cops denied cpr, stepped over his dying handcuffed body
































destroying black life over trivialities: a tx cop endangered himself by jumping onto a moving rental car. then he fatally shot the driver, ashtian barnes. stopped for toll violations by another driver
































[stop and degrade blacks every day in liberal cities] nfl dt christian barmore was just another nghr to providence cops who subjected black man to search, fuckery; freedom destroyed over expired tag
































black houston cop sentenced to 60 years in prison for killing white couple he falsely accused of selling heroin [question; if a white cop killed a black . . never mind]
































white liberal da fails to charge white aurora cop who murdered kilyn lewis; shot black man while he was holding a phone w/both hands up [white supremacy is not about hate, but domination of blacks]
































white da (gop) finds omaha cop's murder of steven phipps justified: claims a fleeing black man posed a threat b/c he "pointed" a gun at cops while upside down, in mid-air and jumping over a fence
































michigan ag charges 2 sterling heights officers for felony assault: white cop ordered police dog to attack black man who had surrendered and was on the ground surrounded by a gang of white cops
































after family called mental health hotline seeking advertised mobile outreach from trained professionals, jersey city swat cops arrived and murdered black man. liberal mayor defended cops - suit filed
































freedom of movement for blacks restricted in liberal city: although nassau (ny) cops knew they stopped the wrong man they threw 60 yr old black man's stuff in the street and assaulted and arrested him























advocates request doj to investigate dallas police. present data showing that most people killed by cops are black but blacks are only 24% of the population in city controlled by elite liberals
































study finds that when dc police use force, 94% of the time it involves black people. also, blacks are 12x more likely to be killed by cops than white people in city controlled by elite, white liberals
































[political silence] no duty to correct? during an interview kamala harris grimaced and had no response when snigger steve harvey told the audience, ‘she doesn’t have to do anything for the black vote’
































straw boss obama selling fear and dogma tickets: claims, ‘something is wrong with black men who don’t support kamala’ - a golden retriever in step-n-fetchit servitude to her elite liberal masters
































sleeping toms tell congress, 'trump will destroy schools in detroit.’ in reality, a court found that “illiteracy is the norm" for black kids in public fool system in city controlled by elite liberals























white presumacy rebutted. jury rejects austin cop's self-defense claim; guilty of “deadly conduct” in murder of mauris desilva. sri lankan man wasn't an imminent threat when officer fatally shot him






















featured

























on a 114 degree day phoenix cops intentionally burned a white man's face and body by holding him down on scorching pavement during a false arrest. committed no crime in city controlled by liberals
































wildly shooting at people you can't see is not self-defense. jury rejects white cop's testimony, found guilty of excessive force during police murder of breonna taylor [cop who shot her not charged] 
































in its latest effort to interfere with [s]election ‘24, massa’ media conceals kamala’s opportomist economy by ignoring the new jobs report which shows a loss of negative 100,000 jobs























pennsylvania news station ‘mistakenly’ shows election ‘test results’ of kamala harris winning























supreme ct made it plain, 'people have a right to carry guns in public for self defense,' but liberals make it impossible to do so in the virgin islands (76% black) which has highest murder rate in us























arizona ballot measure would allow unlimited abortion throughout pregnancy, into the 9th month (aborticide)























[liberals trade freedom for convenience] omnipresent license plate readers in norfolk va enable unconstitutional ‘dragnet surveillance' that enables cops to watch everywhere you go, lawsuit says
































nyc dumbocrats love freedumb: to destroy people’s right to carry a gun for self defense on the dangerous subway, nypd is subjecting riders to unconstitutional searches w/malfunctioning gun scanners
































false flaggots feign outrage over wash post’s fake non-endorsement of kamala to push the illusion of a divergent, free press; instead of the single source propaganda owned by elites that it really is
































massa’ media continues to lie to [s]elect its dummy kamala: new commercial shows trump never said “nazis are fine people”
































black citizens can’t hire, fire or decline "public service" from uncontrollable race soldiers: nypd tossing out hundreds of misconduct cases w/o even looking at them in city controlled by liberals
































after substantial effort$, dems succeed at destroying cornel west campaign: knocked off pa ballot. trump appointed judge granted dems request w/’constitutional concerns.’ now a 'write-in' in 20 states
































after the dependent media used fbi data to quiet public concern over crime as an election issue, the fbi quietly revised its numbers which show violent crime rose under corpse biden/dummy kamala























voters in georgia, texas & tennessee report voting machines flipping their selections























elon musk: the purpose of no voter id [and voting in secret] is to conduct fraud in elections























massa’ media ignores claims that wooden dummy kamala plagiarized 12 sections of “her” book 























alabama authorities murder mentally ill white man [derrick dearman] w/lethal injection























us surgeon and palestinian nurse: 'barbaric israeliens are routinely shooting children in the head in gaza holocaust' 























"war crimes in gaza" (complete movie)
































state department colluded with social media to censor content, twitter files show
































destroying black life over trivialities: a tx cop endangered himself by jumping onto a moving rental car. then he fatally shot the driver, ashtian barnes. stopped for toll violations by another driver
































settlement reached for akron police massacre of jayland walker. white cops shot black man 47x as he ran for his life, handcuffed his corpse after stop for unknown traffic violation. no cops charged
































honolulu cops pose as citizens at meeting to delay city payment for black man they killed. cops shot lindani myeni after running up on him at night w/o id'ing themselves, initiated unprovoked assault























‘how could they be acting in self defense while my hands were restrained?’ riverdale (il) cops sued for attacking black man in alley after stopping him for no reason























according to amended lawsuit, a witness saw mobile (al) police officers murder jawan dallas as black man begged barbaric cops for his life























judge orders louisiana state police to release records related police murder of jabari asante-chioke. black man shot 24x by cops






















featured
















ma’at – the intuitive sense of natural law or divine consciousness which is the foundation and expression of phfreedom, love and the creative dance of energy in balance in space-time - funktionary
































"on the futility of contention" - osho rajineesh 






















featured

























aclu finds freedom of movement limited for blacks in dc [in every city controlled by elite white liberals w/a large black population, cops stop and degrade blacks in grossly disproportionate numbers]
































new map shows police are primarily killing black people in cities controlled by elite white liberals and doing so in substantial numbers. in chicago blacks are 30x more likely to be killed than whites























 




home/
 news blog/
covid genocide/
free society or free range prison?/
racism/white supremacy defined/
racism blog/
mind is a mf/
rss/



brownwatch






embed block

        add an embed url or code.
        
          learn more
































































































































    archived sections
  




archives





police brutality watch archive





genocide watch archive





amos wilson archive





reparations watch archive














donations






    support bw 
  




    phree your mind
  



funktionaryosho library"the most dangerous superstition"money – the greatest hoax on earth"the politics of obedience: the discourse of voluntary servitude" “the end of all evil”




    resources
  



mapping police violencea jailhouse lawyer's manualprison education guidesurveillance self-defensecriminal justice datareal crime datacompanies invested in prisons﻿




    deeper than the sea floor travelled by the mantis
  































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































amos wilson
archive








featured
















the destruction of the black child























violence in our community























the crisis of black leadership























the psychology of self-hatred and self-defeat























european psychological warfare against the afrikan mind























blueprint for black power!























the falsification afrikan of consciousness - dr amos wilson























the psychology of the black child























the negro assimilationist























destruction of the black family image by the white media






































































































































 






























 brownwatch is a non-profit website that provides news and information for the purpose of liberation, education, self-reliance and greater self-knowledge. brownwatch is intended to function as a tool to overcome info-gaps, verigaps and false programming toward the goal of “endependence” within the meaning of funktionary. it seeks to destroy the master/servant relationship maintaining the system of racism white supremacy and to unplug belief in systems of authority and all other granfalloons ensnaring humankind.any reproduction of copyrighted materials is done solely for the “productive uses” and “fair uses” of news reporting, sharing research, criticism, commentary, education and to provide an alternative contextual lens of such material within the meaning of the copyright act. 17 uscs § 107 (2019).powered by squarespace.copyright © 2020, the brownwatch. all rights reserved.

































 



