
















vista del mar - child and family services




































































vista del mar improves the mental health and well-being of children and families by providing specialized and therapeutic services.
check our new vista video

here's to 116 years of serving our community!



november 28, 2023

learn more about vista

 










 

 








about

history / mission / values
senior staff
board of directors
board of governors
jewish life – vista house of lovingkindness
jobs
our facilities
financials
contact
publications
news and resources
videos
faqs


school

school-based services​
2019–2020 school accountability report card


services

intensive treatment
mental health and wellness

outpatient online payments
autism


parent and family resources
psycho-educational assessments
early intervention


autism center
adoption & foster care

find a family


professional training

fellowships
graduate school
continuing education
internships


get involved

volunteer
events
leadership programs
corporate involvement
group tours
planned giving


donate

english
español
 











school
learn more


our school provides a specialized environment designed to meet the needs of students with behavioral and learning challenges.
learn more







services
learn more


we provide a broad range of services including mental health and wellness, intensive treatment, and family support.
learn more







adoption
learn more


since 1946, we have helped build more than 5,000 families through our full array of adoptive services.
learn more







professional training
learn more


from doctoral and postdoctoral programs to continuing education, we offer the best in advanced training opportunities for mental health professionals.
learn more






 in the news
 stay up-to-date on what's happening at vista del mar and around the mental health community.



	 
	


get to know vista del mar's ceo, lena wilson, through our monthly segment, lena's look-in, offering her expertise, insight, and personal experience on issues that impact the families and children we serve.






#givingtuesday is on november 28th!
a cozy blanket is like a hug from the universe – it reminds you that everything will be okay.” 

- anonymous

		many of the children that are placed at vista haven have never experienced what it is like to sleep in a bed, know that they’ll have enough food to eat or clean water to drink that day, or wake up knowing they are safe from violence.
		
		on #givingtuesday (november 28th), we ask for your help providing warmth and kindness in the form of a welcome care kit that includes a vibrant-colored comforter of their choosing, plush towels, comforting wall art, and other personal effects.

gie now


view all news and resources













get to know vista del mar's ceo, lena wilson, through our monthly segment, lena's look-in, offering her expertise, insight, and personal experience on issues that impact the families and children we serve.


view all news and resources















facing antisemitism – heart & soul: a mind-body medicine skills group for communal healing and solidarity
vista del mar child and family services
sunday, december 3, 2023, 4:00 - 6: 00 pm

with a recognition of the challenges and heartbreak we are facing due to the ongoing war between israel and hamas in gaza, and the associated rise in antisemitism globally and in our communities, vista house of lovingkindness — beit chesed, offers a sacred refuge of support, communal solidarity, and healing…







happy holidays!
whatever is beautiful, whatever is meaningful, whatever brings you happiness . . . may it be yours this holiday season and throughout the coming year.
from your vista family



 


2nd annual purim masquerade ball
adrian’s place
march 15, 2025, 5:00 pm - 7:30 pm
vista house of lovingkindness celebrates purim w/ our 2nd annual spectacularly stupendous and stylish masquerade ball for all
dance, karaoke, raffle, prizes and more!!!
enjoy shushan-style appetizers and specially curated mocktails!



view news and resources







for over 100 years, we have been setting the standard in excellent care for children and families in our los angeles community.
about vista








donations


your gift will make an immediate difference in the lives of troubled and challenged children.

learn more






volunteer


sharing your time to fill vitally important roles is a priceless way to help impact children's lives.
learn more






other opportunities


we offer many opportunities for you to be part of vdm. check them out!
learn more








news and resources
what’s your vista story?
jobs
contact



stay in the loop
learn more about what we're up to by giving your email below.


email

captcha
  

















   







english


español





























