















the new press | books to change minds about justice










































skip to main content








the new press


            books to change minds about justice          
 




 








aboutsupport

books
authors
events
contact
blog





donate
 





enter your keywords 





 



 







 




 








previous

pause

next






















browse our new and forthcoming spring and summer 2025 titles 









browse our fall and winter 2024 titles 




lessons from mariame kaba and andrea j. ritchie’s no more police 








1 





2 





3 





4 





5 





6 





7 






 


  









 about the new press 
 the new press amplifies progressive voices for a more inclusive, just, and equitable world. as a nonprofit public-interest publisher, we leverage books, diverse voices, and media engagement to facilitate social change, enrich public discourse, and defend democratic values: 
 read more  

 ideas can’t be banned: reading lists that name the issues 
 
	for more than thirty years, the new press has been a leading publisher of diverse narratives and books that provide cutting-edge analyses and critical perspectives. as a not-for-profit, public interest publisher, it has been our mission to provide books on topics and by authors traditionally ignored by mainstream publishers—books that facilitate social change, enrich public discourse, and defend democratic values, including from historically disenfranchised voices and on underrepresented subjects such as race, economic inequality, lgbtq+ communities, criminal justice, and environmental reform.
 
 read more  

 internships  
 the new press relies heavily on the help of its paid interns, treating them in many respects the way assistants are treated at other publishing houses and nonprofits. this means far greater exposure to interesting work than is normally afforded interns; it also calls for a degree of responsibility that is significantly greater than at most internships. our new york office is large and efficient enough to offer a wide spectrum of experience, but small and casual enough for you to form intimate and lasting bonds with the staff. 
 read more  

 








new releasessee all new releases 






labor’s partisansessential writings on the union movement from the 1950s to todaynelson lichtenstein, samir sonti




another world is possiblelessons for america from around the globenatasha hakimi zapata




poison ivyhow elite colleges divide usevan mandery




king of the northmartin luther king jr.’s life of struggle outside the southjeanne theoharis






 





blog articlessee all 





  
 15 essential reads for black history month 
 
by keshav bansal and shalra azeem

	 

	 
  

  
 read the introduction to labor's partisans 
   

  
 read an excerpt from the price they paid 
 read an excerpt from the price they paid: slavery, shipwr  

  
 2024 among the stars: a year-end gift guide to starred reads 
   




 





authorssee all 






zoë wicomb



alice walker



howard zinn



joseph e. stiglitz





 


 


 



upcoming events




 natasha hakimi zapata on another world is possible at in these times 
 february 18, 2025,   
 chicago il 
 join in these times for a discussion about another world is possible and the...  

 natasha hakimi zapata on another world is possible at mrs. dalloway's 
 february 20, 2025,   
 berkeley ca 
 join mrs. dalloway's for a discussion about another world is possible and the lessons...  

 bad law author elie mystal at emmanuel baptist church 
 february 22, 2025,   
 brooklyn ny 
 join emmanuel baptist chuch for the free event "banned for life: where do we go from here? the...  

 vijay kolinjivadi and aaron vansintjan on the sustainability class at busboys and poets 
 february 23, 2025,   
 washington dc 
 join busboys and poets at their 14th & v location for a conversation about the...  

 natasha hakimi zapata on another world is possible at village well 
 february 27, 2025,   
 culver city ca 
 join village well for a discussion about another world is possible and the lessons...  


view all new press events 
 



 



 
 





the new press is a nonprofit public-interest book publisher. your gift will support the new press in continuing to leverage books for social change. please make a tax-deductible donation today!

donate today
 





stay connected! sign up to receive newsletters and event invitations.











email address  *




* indicates required

first name  *




last name  *




zip 





 







 




inquiries

contact
academic requests
bulk orders
distribution
employment
internships
media and review copies
rights and permissions
submissions







copyright © 2025
the new press
privacy policy

site map
120 wall street, 31st floor
new york, ny 10005
(212) 629-8802
newpress@thenewpress.com
log in 


follow us:





 






 


 
 
 






 


