






home - students for saving social security











this page uses javascript.  you may find it easier to use if you enable it.























































 















press depot
															click here for press contact information and press releases.
														





s4 and seniors
															read about s4's efforts to involve all generations in reform.
														















the end of an era 
november 15th 12:00:00 amthank you to everyone for your support of s4 over the years.  since our founding in 2005, we made substantial progress on the issue of social security reform.  what started as a project of two impassioned college students -- our founders, jonathan swanson and patrick wetherille -- quickly grew into a grassroots movement that swept across the country.  by 2009, we had over 11,000 members.
 

it would be impossible to list all of s4's successes since 2005, but we are grateful for all of the recognition and support that we received.  perhaps most important, s4 proved the conventional wisdom wrong.  young people do care about the future of this country, and by banding together, we can make a difference.  and when all else fails, it helps to have an ostrich costume or two.
 

here is a quick update of what s4 leaders are doing today:
 

jonathan swanson, jeremy tunnell and marco zappacosta: thumbtack.com, a marketplace for services
jeremy tunnell now runs his own user experience consulting business
patrick wetherille: harvard business school; gazelle.com, electronics recycling
nicola moore: ihs


thank you again to everyone who helped make s4 a success. 
 

personal accounts!
 
posted by jeremy tunnell on november 15th, 2009 | comments  the silenced majority 
june 08th 12:01:58 am
	in the june 1 edition of newsweek, robert j. samuelson wrote about the need to stop procrastinating and reform social security and medicare.  indeed, many people wonder why it is that we keep kicking the can down the road.

	conveniently, part of the answer came just one week later in the june 8 edition of newsweek.  i can't find the graphic online, but if you'll turn to page 6 of the magazine, you can see that 57% of all letters to the editor received in the week prior to publication were regarding samuelson's article.  an article about iran generated the second-highest number of letters, at 19%.

	of the seven letters that newsweek printed, how many of them were about samuelson's article?  four of the seven, which equates almost exactly to 57%?  three of the seven, which would underrepresent the samuelson letters by almost 15%?  two of the seven letters?  one?

	the answer: zero.  that's right, not a single reader response to the samuelson article appears in the newsweek dated june 8.

	not only does this shed some light on the stumbling blocks to a serious conversation about reform, but it may also provide a clue as to why publications such as newsweek are having trouble connecting with their readers. 
 
posted by ryan lynch on june 08th, 2009 | comments  social security and medicare sinking even faster 
may 13th 03:21:44 pmin case you missed it, the trustees of medicare and social security released their annual report yesterday. the news was not good: social security and medicare are fading even faster under the weight of the recession, heading for insolvency years sooner than previously expected, the government warned tuesday. medicare already is paying out more money than it receives, something that happened for the first time last year. and social security will be by 2016, a year sooner than had been projected, the trustees' annual report said. obama has said that he will oppose benefit cuts and personal accounts in social security, which leads one to assume that young workers will soon be asked to pay even more money into the system. but why should we agree to higher taxes, especially when congress will continue to waste the social security surplus on pork projects totally unrelated to retirement?  
posted by jeremy tunnell on may 13th, 2009 | comments  social security make believe 
may 02nd 02:30:50 pmfrom an article in the washington post that tries to dismiss personal accounts in light of the ups and downs of the stock market:for many older baby boomers who once felt comfortable but have seen their 401(k)s and other accounts eviscerated the past two years, the magic words are no longer "stock market" -- they're "social security." that program, which is going to need to cut growth in benefits or get a huge bailout in a few years, is assuming a more important role in retirement planning than it has in decades.the only problem with arguing that social security is becoming more important?  it's not true.  yesterday, u.s. news & world report highlighted this finding from a recent gallup poll:given the decline in other investments, you might expect americans to say they will increasingly rely on social security to finance retirement. but that didn’t happen. about 30 percent of americans expect social security to be a major source of retirement income. this is roughly the same as last year and has remained fairly steady throughout the past decade.it's okay to disagree with personal accounts, but let's have a fair fight.  as senator daniel patrick moynahan said, "everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts." 
posted by ryan lynch on may 02nd, 2009 | comments  social security deficit coming sooner than expected 
march 27th 08:01:03 pmchuck blahous, a senior fellow at the hudson institute, talked on pbs about the coming social security deficit:last year, the program's trustees estimated social security would go cash flow negative in 2017. blahous thinks that date will now change. blahous: it's clear that is going to come nearer. we don't know how much, maybe 2016, 2015, it's hard to say.here's the transcript. 
posted by ryan lynch on march 27th, 2009 | comments  view more blog posts from s4 














news and events






may 13, 2009

social security, medicare dwindling in recessionap

april 06, 2009

government fixes leave us brokeorange county register

april 01, 2009

social security stunner; bankruptcy of nation moved up several yearsmotley fool

 


read all news articles





 


s4 videos





 











more s4 videos













 


photo gallery





 










s4 picture gallery 












 


other blog posts






march 27th, 2009

a social security tax increase is not the answer

february 24th, 2009

president obama calls for social security savings accounts

february 23rd, 2009

real change or pocket change? the high stakes of entitlement reform for young americans

february 23rd, 2009

wake up to social security reform - we got video!

february 23rd, 2009

students for liberty conference

 


read more blog posts


 


blog search








search blog:






 


feeds









other links

















 




















press information
contact information
									©2009 staff@secureourfuture.org
















