








uss arizona bb-39 - ussarizona.org - official homepage of battleship uss arizona (bb-39) & pearl harbor memorial website since 1999





















 








 








login


















 

 





welcome to ussarizona.org!


follow us:














 





home







history

 






back




uss arizona history






uss arizona statistics






uss arizona memorial






uss arizona band

 






back




band roster






where they really were






band trophy



















profiles

 






back




uss arizona survivor profiles






uss arizona casualty profiles






uss california casualty profiles
coming soon!








back




uss oklahoma casualty profiles
coming soon!






uss utah casualty profiles
coming soon!






uss west virginia casualty profiles
coming soon!













lists

 






back


 
 lists by ship
alphabetical casualty & survivor lists

 



uss arizona survivors list






uss arizona casualty list






uss california casualty list






uss oklahoma casualty list






uss utah casualty list






uss west virginia casualty list








back


 
 full pearl harbor lists
includes civilian casualties

 



alphabetical pearl harbor casualty list




  pearl harbor casualty list by location
available dec 1, 2022

 

 
 other lists

 



uss arizona brothers list




  usmc casualties
coming soon!

 

  us army casualties
coming soon!

 










features

 






back




uss arizona survivor stories






uss arizona crew stories













photos

 






back




captains & commanders













updates







donate











 










battleship uss arizona history
the uss arizona was sunk on 7 december 1941 during a surprise attack on pearl harbor.


explore history








uss arizona memorial
a lasting tribute to the 1,177 men who lost their lives on that "day of infamy"


learn more








casualty & survivor lists
uss arizona & pearl harbor casualty and survivor lists


search the lists








in their own words
stories and videos from uss arizona and pearl harbor surviors


read stories















 





no known living uss arizona survivors





 
 

lou conter - age 102 - passed away 1 apr 2024

uss arizona survivor

view profile









 
 

ken potts - age 102 - passed away 21 apr 2023

uss arizona survivor

view profile














 



sailor of the month 








  frederick william kinney ~ kia uss arizona
frederick william kinney, uss arizona band leader, was born 31 july 1909 at robinson creek, kentucky. he enlisted in the navy 1926 and served on the uss west virginia, uss new mexico, uss pennsylvania, uss argonne and uss arizona. the entire band reported aboard uss arizona on 17 june 1941. 
frederick william kinney, along with all the members of the uss arizona's pacific fleet navy band no. 22, was killed in action at his battle station on december 7, 1941 at pearl harbor, hawaii.

view profile











 







  highlight ~ betty marie tino (kinney)
uss arizona band leader, frederick william kinney, was married to elizabeth (betty) marie von babo and they resided in washington.
they had no children. betty later remarried and has 3 daughters, 10 grandchildren, and 19 great-grandchildren.
photo was her 90th birthday celebrated in 2008. betty tino passed away in 2012 at the age of 94.
in 2008, betty provided us with her heartwarming story of her husband fred; betty's first love.

 read story
















 







 



peaceful arizona
"peaceful arizona" a tribute composed and sung by retired us navy chief gordon freitas. this live video made by a friend includes well known pictures of pearl harbor and the uss arizona.
we first featured gordon's song on our website in 2006. we hope you enjoy this video of gordon performing peaceful arizona live.
for another wonderful version of this song with underwater footageview video
peaceful arizona lyrics










 










 



special collections 







uss arizona history in pictures

gallery - available dec 1, 2022










at 'em arizona ship's newspapers

collection - available nov 15, 2022







 
 

uss arizona captains & commanders

gallery

view gallery














 



featured profiles 




 
 

howard taisey anderson - f1/c usn

casualty

view profile









 
 

hubert aaron f2/c usn

casualty

view profile









 
 

leo devere amundson - pvt usmc

casualty

view profile









 
 

charles titus anderson - cm2/c usn

casualty

view profile














 



explore ussarizona.org 



uss arizona band
the uss arizona band is the only us navy band which was formed together, trained together, reported aboard a ship together and died together.




uss arizona survivor stories
only 335 men survived on the uss arizona...these are some of their stories. includes a woman's point of view by some of the wives.




photos & media
see the photo history of the uss arizona. view life onboard, learn about her captains or watch & listen as history is made.






uss arizona casualties
search the full uss arizona casualty list - sorted alphabetically. includes service branch and state.




pearl harbor casualties
search the full pearl harbor casualty list includes service branch, locations and civilian casualties.




latest news & information
latest news from ussarizona.org. includes latest updates & corrections.










 












 



help support ussarizona.org 

ussarizona.org is a family owned and operated non-profit website dedicated to providing free and accurate information. since 1999, ussarizona.org has been presented by the nease family; budd, carol & nancy. one of budd's greatest pleasures was assisting students with their research projects and linking them with uss arizona survivors for interviews. 

until his passing in 2011, i. b. nease (usnr ret.) served 10 years as historian for the uss arizona reunion association. his wife carol assisted him with answering thousands of emails from service personnel, students of all ages, and people from all walks of life around the world. his daughter nancy worked as his assistant historian and took over duties as historian in 2011 as well as maintaining this website. 

since 2014, nancy has continued this website & ongoing research by paying out-of-pocket and with the donations from people just like you.

with the ever rising costs of operations and ongoing research, we need your help more than ever to continue operations and to provide free information to students and the general public. 

your donations go directly to supporting this website and costs of ongoing research. any donation, no matter how small, goes a long way to keeping ussarizona.org operating. you can use the "donate" button below to securely make a donation through paypal today (no paypal account is required). 

the nease family thanks you for your ongoing support! 













n. a. neaseowner/webmaster - ussarizona.org














 





















copyright and use of information all stories, photos, media, etc. contained on this website may not be reprinted or used for any reason without the express written consent of the owner/s with the exception of non-profit educational purposes. email for further information. thank you.
all rights to digital materials within this website are held by n. a. nease and respective holding institutions or individuals with the exception of public domain items.the materials contained within this website are made available online for educational and/or personal research purposes only.
 all content may also be protected by copyright (17 u.s.c. § 107 & § 108 (a)(3)).
notice: claudia j. thedens (aka t. j. cooper) is expressly forbidden to use any materials published on this website in any and all of her current publications and future revisions including all new publications. this includes printed publications and other media as well as digital publications including (but not limited to) e-books, pdf files for distribution, websites, and social media.







 

            ©
    1999 -     2025
    by n. a. nease - all rights reserved
            


            this website was established 3 september 1999.our visitors since 1 january 2003 - 
									






 
    website developed & maintained by n. a. nease








 

 


 





















