




  









real estate data and statistical reporting - real data
























































skip to main content


  



 skip to contentservice areas

cocoa beach fl
savannah ga
panama city beach fl
wilmington nc
boise idaho
greenville sc
boise id


new hampshire

new hampshire teldex
new hampshire bids and proposals
new hampshire liens and attachements


about us
blog
contact
    
 





real estate data


we are a group of real estate agent practitioners with a passion for real estate data and statistics


read more


multiple markets




accurate stats






usable reports






multiple real estate markets
with over 20 years of interfacing with mls systems from around the country, real data understands converting raw real estate data into usable, informative information for both realtors and consumers.  our services are invaluable especially since the lack of statewide mls data.  we utilize the most advanced machine learning, coupled with years of manual number crunching to make the most out of real estate data.
newest areas
our newest real estate data is from salt lake city and we have recently acquired data for kennewick wa and the general tri-cities area from the kenmore team.  we have just added carolina beach nc to our data pool!
 
 
accurate real estate statistics
at real-data we pull real estate information from multiple sources.  with the mls as the most accurate real estate information available, we also access public records, data aggregators and other sources to provide the most holistic real estate statistics available.  since we pull real estate information from multiple sources, we can cross reference the raw data to insure the most accurate information possible.  we have the ability to create forward looking forecasts as well as historical real estate information.











unique, custom reports
our team of data scientists will crunch the numbers and create you a unique report displaying the information that you request.  depending on the market and reports needed, we may need to acquire local mls access to finalize the data.
accuracy and integrity
when we provide real estate data on any particular market, you can rest assured that our goal is accuracy and understanding.  our data scientists don’t care if the market is up, down or sideways.  our goal is simply the most accurate real estate statistics available.
usable real estate statistics
use our decades of experience leveraging mls data and augmenting that data with a variety of data aggregators to provide usable, informative real estate market reports.  whether you are a home buyer and want the your home’s accurate home value, or you are a real estate broker and looking to deliver quality real estate data to your realtors and clients or augment your real estate online marketing- we have the resources to provide what you need.













custom reporting




custom reporting
a number of our customers request that we build totally custom reports specifically to suit their needs.









understand




understandable
we strive to provide easy to understand real estate statistics that you can use to make educated decisions.









government data - hud




government data - hud
we access government data, such as public information from hud and other public entities.









local mls




local mls information
mls is the gold standard.  we take in all fields of information via a rets feed directly from your mls.









data aggregators




data aggregators
we interface with 3rd party companies that aggregate internet data then combine with mls data for reporting.







more information about real-data’s real estate reports
we can build out custom reporting that tells the story of your real estate market.  from looking at historical sales data and combining that with peripheral sources that generally are not included in mls statistics, we can accurately provide forward looking real estate information. much closer to what a statewide mls could offer.  this market data can be used to choose your farming area, target subdivisions that have the best chance of selling and much more.
our current markets
each of our major markets (shown below) are the largest city in their respective mls areas. each of the below also include the smaller cities in that area.




wilmington, nc






panama city beach, fl






new orleans, la






savannah, ga






boston, ma






greenville, sc











we are constantly bringing on new multiple listing services from across the us.  we are happy to get a rets feed from your local mls to start building reports for you.
get started
ready to get the most informative real estate data on the market?  whether we already have your data or we will be setting your real estate market, real data has the real estate statistics you need.







 





leave a reply cancel replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment *name * 
email * 
website
 save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment.
 

 
 



 

 
 





recent posts


harnessing the power: how real estate data is used by industry experts


how real estate data is an essential tool in the real estate industry


how real estate data is used: a comprehensive guide for realtors and industry experts


leveraging real estate data: the crucial role it plays in the industry


how real estate data is used: an in-depth look for realtors and industry insiders


office 7427 beverly blvd
los angeles, ca 90036
 


 
 


contact 

 









 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 






 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 





menu





navigation

service areas

cocoa beach fl
savannah ga
panama city beach fl
wilmington nc
boise idaho
greenville sc
boise id


new hampshire

new hampshire teldex
new hampshire bids and proposals
new hampshire liens and attachements


about us
blog
contact
 

 
 




search for:




































