









home - engine pro





















































distributors
suppliers
catalogs
tech

tech videos
tech bulletins
calculators


shop solutions

browse
submit a tip


find a shop

submit a local shop
find a local shop


login





















 















everything to build engines and your business.engine pro® serves engine professionals from nearly 40 warehouse locations on three continents. many of our warehouses offer fast, online ordering from live inventory. however, if you have a question about a particular part or application, our engine pro® counter people and customer service reps are ready to help. they’re not just order-takers; many have first-hand experience rebuilding engines and auto racing.

join now - it's free!









we are manufacturersnot only does engine pro® serve as a major distributor of automotive engine parts brands, we also produce our own engine pro® brand line of performance and stock engine parts. engine pro® parts are typically packed with features and offered at prices that allow engine builders to make a good profit on them.

view our catalogs









we are distributorsengine pro® maintains long-term partnerships with many popular suppliers so we are able to offer you a wide range of choices in engine parts.

find your nearest distributor









we support engine professionalsat engine pro®, we believe that our success is tied to the success of our customers. that’s why we actively support trade groups and associations in the engine rebuilding industry, fostering a strong community. with proven marketing tools and business solutions, we empower our customers to grow and strengthen their businesses, ensuring mutual success and long-term growth.

learn how










browse shop solutions







under pressure

on blocks and heads that have “suspect areas”, i have a “quick check” before i commit to bolting on the pressure test plates. i simply use my blow gun with a brake line attached, and blow air behind the questionable area, with some soap or bubble spray on the face... 
read more 








spin them up

i had some fe heads with some pretty decent burrs on the valve tips. instead of slowly turning the valves by hand to file the burrs off, i grabbed an old valve lapping stick and chucked it up in the drill to spin the valves. it went really quickly, and i was able to... 
read more 








cleaner heater

my small ultrasonic parts cleaner heating element burned out. rather than scrapping it, i just dropped an electric charcoal lighter in the solution. it heats up faster than before but, there’s no thermostat, so keep an eye on it. scott ouellette powerplay engine and... 
read more 








dishwasher rack

a rack out of your wife's old dishwasher can make a great new home in your parts washer. parts can be held apart by the tines, like keeping those precious fractured rods safe from dings. the silverware basket works great for smaller items. josh mitchell mitchell... 
read more 








scribe notes

on race engine cylinder heads that have exotic seat angles, i like to leave myself notes for future reference on freshen ups. i do keep a lot of notes in my folders and build sheets, but i found it handy to scribe the valve seat angles under the cylinder heads (kind... 
read more 








new products





new product: engine pro announces ls double roller timing sets

part numbers: 08-2036t-9rrc and 08-2036t-9grc engine pro now offers new ls double roller timing...
read more




pri 2021: engine pro debuts new ls mls gaskets, mopar windage trays

the team at engine parts group brought several new products and additions to the catalog to this...
read more













search for:


















join our mailing list




success!



name



email



business type

business typeshopsupplierwarehouse





subscribe













 









who is epgi?

about us
suppliers
distributors




resources

catalogs
calculators
news




marketing solutions

marketing tools
login
sign up




join us

become an dealer
become a supplier
become a distributor






about engine parts group
engine parts group, inc. (the parent of engine pro) was founded in 1989 by independent engine parts distributors looking for a way to work cooperatively in buying and marketing. today it functions as both a distribution network for brand name internal engine parts and as a specialty engine parts producer, marketing under the engine pro name. engine pro sells exclusively to engine builders, machine shops and jobbers.





privacy policy | contact us



followfollow





© 2024 aam usa, inc. all rights reserved.



 

























