


junghen, younkin, youngkin, youngken, yonkin, younken, crippen, crippin, elder family history research



     






it is with profound sadness that we announce the untimely passing of donna (younkin) logan, a great friend and cousin
        of all who share younkin genes. for more than 15 years, from the early 1990s to her death on jan. 4, 2006, donna was a pioneering organizer of the national younkin reunion and publisher of the younkin family news bulletin. she freely shared her vast resource of research information, always with cheer and
        enthusiasm. her latest discoveries were of younkin-junghen cousins and connections in germany, and also the launch of a younkin dna project utilizing technology to determine precise bloodlines. her passing has been a powerful shock, and she will be missed by many. rest well, friend, and thank you.
this website, built with much love, will be
        maintained in her memory.






new stuff
click here for 
photos from recent younkin family reunions at somerset, pa.
click here! for information on the 
19th annual younkin/junghen/i.m.a.y. family reunion, july 23-25, 2010, at the kingwood odd fellows picnic
grove in kingwood, pa.the information brochure includes registration form.click here for the 2010 junghen family news bulletin. (warning! this is a 15 mb pdf file.)







a 
            prayer for genealogists

            lord, help me dig into the past
              and sift the sands of time,
            that i might find the roots that made
              this family tree of mine.
            lord, help me trace the ancient roads
              on which my fathers trod,
            and led them through so many lands
              to find our present sod.

            lord, help me find an ancient book
              or dusty manuscript
            that's safely hidden now away
              in some forgotten crypt;
            lord, let it bridge the gap that haunts
              my soul when i can't find
            the missing link between some name
              that ends the same as mine.
n. 
            curtis woods 






 










ý


site
jungheneldercrippen


powered by 
freefind


































 
did 
              you know?
the 
              first three digits in a social security number indicates the state 
              where application was made? more 
              info 
date
                calculators from searchforancestors.com - both gregorian and
                julian.
tombstone
                birthdate calculator - find the date of birth from death
                date and age at death
day
                of the week calculator - calculate the day of
              the week an event occured
photo 
              information: the above photo is of my grandmother, virginia puckett 
              schafer (right), wife of howard raymond schafer, with her sister 
              regina puckett.


this 
              picture shows that virginia and regina's mother had quite a sense 
              of humor to dress her daughters in rags for a professional portrait!
              picture taken in richmond, virginia circa 1903
before
                clicking the search button please choose a family surname you
                are interested in. if you don't you will get hits from all of
                the families.













ý
                        

site choice
junghen family
elder family
crippen family


powered by  freefind












 

this 
  web site has been brought to you by the late donna younkin logan
  and was her ever so humble effort to assist others in tracing their family roots

for information regarding this website, contact donna's sister, jean
        younkin.


