



















department of transportation | maricopa county, az








  















skip to main content























 

















 
 
 


    i want to...      services      departments  


 

 

 




 










 
homedepartmentstransportation (mcdot)












department of transportation		








quick links







i want to ...



project information







innovations



doing business with mcdot







residents



public records requests









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 





road information toolto view current road closures and to see if a road in question is maintained by the county, view the road information tool (rit).



 
 
 





common requests



 
 
 














mcdot projects








technical








notify mcdot








adopt a road








permits








survey










 
 
 





mcdot ad hoc task force committee & final recommendationsclick herenews & announcementsfor news related to mcdot please click here version optionsdepartment of transportationheadline news & announcements.title vifor information about title vi please click here version optionsdepartment of transportationheadline.americans with disabilities actfor information about the americans with disabilities act please click here version optionsdepartment of transportationheadline version optionsdepartment of transportationheadline title vi americans with disa americans with disab americans with disabilities av americans with disabilities act.contact us2901 w durango streetphoenix, az 85009mcdotprojects@maricopa.govp: 602-506-8600location & hoursinstagram social networkinstagram social network youtube video



 
 
 





connect with us



 
 
 





join our teamwe value your time. the time with your family. the time you spend on the road. and the time you spend making a difference. at the maricopa county department of transportation we provide connections that improve people’s lives. by combining innovative technologies with the vast talent of our employees, we plan for future needs and operate a transportation system with the community in mind. are you interested in contributing to the community in which you work, live and play? then join our team—and help us build connections.



 
 
 














view postings
 






  
 
 









 









 
 













301 west jefferson streetphoenix, arizona 85003main line:  602-506-3011ada compliance
 






  
 







using this site







sitemap



accessibility



copyright notices



site terms & privacy policy



home









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 









    





 
 



  
 







residents







contact us



board meetings and agendas



organizational chart



volunteer/intern opportunities



required postings









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







visitors







about maricopa county



quick facts



economic development



working for us



newsroom









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close









  
































  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









