create your own bespoke furniture online - jali  
                              
 









  01227 833 333
9am-5.30pm 

account
sign in

my account
my designs
my orders
sign out
sign in
create account

basket










products
made to measure products
radiator covers
shelving
room dividers
bookcases
cupboards
dressers
tv units
wardrobes
wall panelling
drawer units
doors
decorative shutters
pelmets
fretwork panels
mdf shapes
skirting boards
alcove shelving
tops
standard productsnew
tv units
dressers
sideboards
cupboards
decorations
trims
handles
bookcases
drawer units
about
about jali
how it works
our story
testimonials
awards
film & tv appearances
careers
inspire
gallery
blog
colours
fretwork patterns
help
help section
faq
assembly instructions
terms & conditions
contact
how it works













made in the ukmade in 2-6 weeksmade to measuremade sustainablymade to measure











made in the ukmade in 2-6 weeksmade sustainably



 how to make wonderful bespoke furniture you’ll lovefrom kitchen to dining room, bedroom to study



 introducing our new fixed rangepreset designs made to order with no assembly required. explore our kitchen dressers and sideboards



 design your furniture in the comfort of your homechange any details as much as you like and see the price instantly



 our award winning high-tech factory uses eco-friendly materialsdelivered to your door in just a few weeks, with minimum carbon footprint



 you can get started right now ~ choose any modelsimply adjust it to precisely fit your room ~ it’s easy, fun and free of charge



 look at our stunning new range, for exciting and affordable ideasbookcase to cupboards, wardrobes to radiator cabinets, pelmets to fretwork


design your own bespoke furniturewith jali, you can create made to measure furniture that’s yours to the last detail; the perfect fit for you, and your home. from radiator covers to cupboards and bookcases to shelving, you can personalise any of our range with a few simple clicks, and we’ll send your lovingly crafted bespoke kit in just a few weeks.we’re an award winning family run british manufacturer based in kent, with an outstanding environmental record supported by 30 years of constant innovation. we’ve helped 100,000s of customers and our jali designs have featured on film and tv! how it worksnewintroducing our fixed rangepreset designs made to order with no assembly required

 triple kitchen dresser 13

 double kitchen dresser 1

 single kitchen dresser 15

 single sideboard 1choose from our made to measure furniture rangeyou can select an example then customise to suit!

 radiator covers from £69the perfect way to hide radiators from sight whilst maximising heat emission, jali made to measure radiator covers fit any size radiator. available in a number of striking designs, all ready to suit your interior theme. see range create yours

 tv units from £800transform your living space with a jali made to measure tv unit. this media console features cupboard and shelf storage, and can be completely customised to suit your home. design yours today! see range create yours

 wardrobes from £470maximise your available space with our jali made to measure wardrobes to match any room - featuring hanging rails, shelves and drawers, and designed by you to perfectly suit your lifestyle. see range create yours

 dressers from £379the ultimate storage solution and iconic feature to complete any room, jali made to measure dressers are completely customisable to your needs, turning awkward alcoves into useful extra space. see range create yours

 bookcases from £53a must for any booklover, jali lets you show off any collection in whatever the available space. ideal for narrow alcoves, awkward spaces or even a whole wall, jali made to measure bookcases offer the perfect fit. see range create yours

 doors from £9jali made to measure doors can fill any space, from existing doorways to cupboards, closets or simply an area that you want to separate with a piece of eye-catching design. see range create yours

 cupboards from £113jali made to measure cupboards will make the most of your space in any size and style, providing a versatile storage solution while perfectly matching your personal taste. see range create yours

 drawers from £122anything is possible when designing your own set of jali made to measure drawers, with adjustable details ready to transform any room with storage space to suit your needs. see range create yourshere's what our customers thinkyou can read more of our customer testimonials.thank you for an outstanding servicemany thanks for our order, which we received today... this is the third radiator cover that we have ordered and just wanted to say how pleased we are with them...
r & s durdenhigh-end feelhugely impressed with quality of product and service. i ordered alcove shelves for a fraction of the price of other made-to-measure services, and the result has a high-end feel.
sally fexcellent serviceordered a circular piece of wood for a table top. excellent service from ordering to delivery. prompt and no hitches. just what we wanted. will use them again in future.
t harveyquality servicei have 19 pieces of jali furniture in my house and have never been disappointed with the quality of their products or service. over the past 12 years or so i've bought 9 bookcases, 6 cupboards, 2 sets of drawers, a dresser and a radiator cover and have never had any problems.
laura slooking fantasticwe ordered a pelmet for our bedroom on 11th may and found it really easy to do the size and colour we wanted and it arrived on the 20th may. on the next day my husband started to put it together and before i knew it, it was on the wall looking fantastic. thank you.
s andrewsdefinitely recommendi’ve used jali a number of times for fret radiator covers & bespoke cupboard & wardrobe doors. i have always found their products to be good quality and their service & delivery efficient. i would definitely recommend them and will be using their service again.
dawnfrom the blogyou can read the latest jali news, home improvement or jali stories on the jali blog.

white glove delivery service for standard products


financing options now available


new product: alcove shelving
from the gallerybrowse the bespoke furniture images in our gallery and get inspired for your next project.

 

 

 

 
why buy bespoke furniture?bespoke or made to measure furniture is made for you, rather than being mass produced and bought off-the-shelf. if you want your furniture to be a specific size, style, finish or fit, you'll want to buy bespoke. bespoke furniture is generally higher quality, supportive of local business and adds more character to your living space.
why buy from jali?with jali, you can design your ideal bespoke furniture, yourself, online. you can easily customise the size, style, finish and fit to get the perfect fit for you, and your home. your order is made in our self-built factory in kent, and a bespoke kit is delivered to your door in just a few weeks. jali is a 5 star (independently rated) british family company, with an outstanding environmental record supported by 30 years of innovation.as featured in...






popular bespoke
radiator covers
bookcases
shelving
dressers
cupboards
wardrobes
fretworklearn
how it works
help section
assembly instructions
faqinspiration
gallery
blogabout
about jali
testimonials
awards
film & tv appearances
careersfollow us




jali ltd, church lane, barham, canterbury, kent, ct4 6qs
jali ltd, church lane, barhamcanterbury, kent, ct4 6qs
company no. 0249786201227 833 333sales@jali.co.uk

© jali ltd 2025. all rights reserved.

privacy policy  |  terms & conditionssign in
sign in to your jali account.





not registered? create an accountforgot password?create account
create your jali account.





i'm happy to receive occasional emails from jali
 back to sign indialog




                                

