






statewide | ny statewide senior action council















































join
calendar
news

newsroom
in the news
e-news
newsletters


video library
gallery
links
donate
contact
request a speaker


search for:



  
 
 










about

mission
accomplishments
strategic plan
board of directors
staff & consultants
collaborating organizations


our helplines

covid-19 updates
accessing services and benefits
patient’s rights helpline
medicare, health & prescription drug coverage
senior medicare patrol (smp)


senior medicare patrol

about smp
smp mission
smp news
important resources and links
smp volunteer information


senior issues

dental health access
medical debt
ny health act (single payer)
nys home care crisis campaign
elder economic security index
nys elder economic sufficiency tables


advocacy

state & federal updates
legislative priorities
state bill tracker
resources


cny health task force

about the cny task force
cny focus group report
cny telehealth initiative
central new york health hub
cny health task force member information


regions

capital region
central/finger lakes
long island
lower hudson valley
north country
nyc
western


 


select page


  
 



 



 










1-800-333-4374 









upcoming events and recordings













patient advocate teach in - february 2025date: feb 25, 2025    time: 10:00 am – 11:00 am
topic: complaining about hospital care to the nys department of health
speakers: lori schillinger, rn, deputy director and stephanie shulman, drph, ms director, division of hospitals and diagnostic & treatment centers, nys department of health
this presentation will help older persons, care givers and aging network professionals gain a better understanding of how the nys hospital complaint system works and how to access the system.
 
register









u.s. senate special committee on aging hearingtitle: “improving wellness among seniors: setting a standard for the american dream”
listen to maria alvarez’s testimony at the us senate special committee on aging hearing. (jan. 15) her testimony can be viewed from 30:10 to 37:05.
we extend our gratitude to senator gillibrand for inviting statewide to participate as a witness. please tune in to support and learn about critical discussions on senior wellness and advancing the american dream for older adults. 

watch testimony









patient advocate program teach ins - recordingsjanuary 2025: the role of the nys justice center inprotecting vulnerable populations; speaker: kara clark, advocacy specialist, justice center for the protection of people with special needs
november 2024: finding information on long term services and supports how to use ny connects no wrong door; speakers: theresa munford & amber goodrich, new york state office for the aging (nysofa)
october 2024: helping informal caregivers succeed in their important role; speaker: ronald e. roel, the nationally known journalist and the author of caregiving navigator a comprehensive resource for informal caregivers
view recordings









statewide joins senator schumer to celebrate medicare prescription price controls
sen. schumer toured the state last week to make sure medicare enrollees know about changes to improve their drug coverage that were adopted in the inflation reduction act (ira).  at each stop, statewide members joined him to celebrate.
photo: statewide’s maria alvarez joined us senator charles schumer and other albany officies to promote the medicare out of pocket drug savings









executive director maria alvarez interviewed on wwcp - project independence and you




friday, june 28, 2024
wcwp/88.1 radio and wcwp.org

thank you to project independence with the town of north hempstead department of services for the aging for inviting statewide executive director, maria alvarez, on their show.
to watch the segment, click on the button (below).
 




watch recording
















highlights

sign up for statewide’s budget briefing on 2/21
if you have medicare advantage – you can still make a change to your coverage. call our counselors today!
2025 prescription drug cap and payment plan
social security offices will expect most people to make an appointment for assistance








action alerts
governor’s proposed state budget jeopardizes statewide’s patients rights helpline
state and federal legislative goals for 2025
federal regulations establishing minimum nursing home staffing at risk of being repealed.
support needed for a bill written by statewide to improve the epic program









statewide in the news
new medicare card scams (pr newswire, 2/11) 
medicare prescription drug cap scams (pr newswire, 1/14)
weekly roundups
february 7 roundup
january 31 roundup
january 24 roundup






 








contact statewide 4 computer drive west suite 205, albany, ny 12205
ph. 518-436-1006 fax 518-436-7642
info@nysenior.org

 staff onlye-news sign up stay up to date with a free subscription to our e-news. get direct to your inbox periodic updates and information about our patient advocates program telephone teach-ins.

 





twitter

first name *

 


email address *

 


last name *

 


county *

 















 



copyright 2025 • new york statewide senior action council, inc. 
























share this





info@nysenior.org





https://www.facebook.com/nystatewide





https://twitter.com/ny_statewide





 




















































