






































    
    westside village apartments near downtown state college
  
  

 
 














               


     home



  availability



  parking services



  residents



  about



  resources


   faqs



  forms





  our properties


   apartments



  duplexes



  rental houses





  blog






     
 
pay rent









    
 





        close to everywhere you want to be
 
    

any city
 



  

any price
 

  min. price

 max. price



  

all beds
 

  studio

 1 bed

 2 beds

 3 beds

 4 beds

 5+ beds



  

all baths
 

  1 bath

 2 baths

 3 baths

 4 baths

 5+ baths



  
 
search
  








      welcome to 

  westside village apartments

live in a location where you're a five-minute walk from classes, and even closer to friends. our apartments offer a variety of unique floor plans and options to choose from. our units include apartments, duplexes and houses of varying sizes. live with classmates and friends to enjoy your college years. while our residents are often students at penn state, our units are available for all qualifying renters. proximity to campus provides freedom and convenience going to and from class. every unit is different, but each one includes 24/7 emergency maintenance, on site laundry facilities and parking options. enjoy your life with our friendly and responsive office staff. become a part of the westside village apartments community, and rent with your peers from penn state.       

parking


   

availability





 



    tenant services
 



      















 pay your rent online
 securely pay rent online from anywhere. set up automatic payments so you always pay on time.
    



 maintenance requests
 quickly submit maintenance requests that go directly to our maintenance queue.
    



 stay connected
 send communications to us at anytime.
     






 parking
 lease a parking space located just a few blocks from downtown state college and the penn state university campus.


     


    
  "renting in state college is super tough, but westside village was really great to me and my roommates. their maintenance folks are quick and hardworking, and folks in the office are generous and try really hard to make sure your experience with them is a good one. if you're good tenants, you will have a good experience with westside village. thank you guys!"
lucy m.
  





 
  "westside village is overall a great place to rent from. they are very accommodating and make it easy to set up leases. for a college student looking for a place in downtown state college, it's hard to find a better renting company than westside village."
jack m.

  

button



 
  "i absolutely love this apartment. out of all my years here, this year has been my favorite since i've been living in westside village. i have so much space, the people are friendly, and my apartment couldn't be more charming! absolutely recommend."
allison h.

  





 
  "great service. friendly staff. an overall amazing experience. i have been with a lot of apartment agencies at state college and westside village is definitely the best. they care more about the people renting apartments and are way more friendly. i like that i feel welcome to visit the office whenever i need to."
j. j.

  

button



 
  "the staff was helpful and friendly with anything i had questions about! great place to stay and conveniently not too far from campus. :)"
shaunelle r.

  

button







  contact us
   

 

 

 






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later








       


       




 814-234-1707



     



 140 n gill streetstate college, pa 16801


      









 8:00am - 5:00pm, monday - friday



 
   online portal
 log in
|
sign up







   sitemap  |  accessibility   ©

all rights reserved.


westside village apartments
  


 




















































































































  
  share by:









   




