






home - dog river design, llc.






































































skip to content














 










 


 










home
articles
about
services
contacts
 










 















 











thank you for visiting dog river design, llc. we are a marketing and technology firm that works with clients large and small to create successfull connections to their potential clients. additionally we help companies develop sustainable, scaleable, and recoverable information infrastructures so that they are able to execute their business plans, make deadlines, and deliver products and services on time to their customers.please feel free to browse our site to learn about how we started, our services, and how to contact us for a free consultation about how we can help you succeed. 










telephone: 915-407-5905






address: 300 east ruiz, ft hancock tx 79839
































established in 1991, dog river business solutions…. 





dog river design started as a division of dog river business solutions, a technology and business consulting firm.  in 1996 the internet division was established and in 2001, dog river design, llc. became its own entity, owned and operated by rick eutsler, jr., son of richard eutsler, sr. founder of dog river business solutions.  









involved in web development and marketing since 1996.





still working with long-standing clients, some for more than 20 years. 





expert in seo / sem and ppc organization and management.





able to create compelling and engaging content to help you connect with your target customer.





















 




						boutique hosting plans					


						we offer secure, managed boutique hosting solutions for your business needs.  whether that's simple basic hosting or redundant multi-server environments, we tailor it all to your specific needs. 					















 




						social media content					


						to remain relevant, you need to engage "socially" and that means creating compelling content that will gain the attention of your target audiences domestically and internationally. 					





















 




						data security					


						keeping your data secure in the face of growing threats can be a full time job.  with the right processes and equipment in place, we can ease that burden and give you greater peace of mind.					















 




						seo / sem / ppc					


						these are not just bogus acronyms, they are some of the most critical components to your online success.  dog river design has been successfully delivering these services for over 20 years.  					
























about us... 




dog river design has been working with clients domestically and internationally to grow and manage their technology and web marketing needs.
click here to read more.. 


















 


















 seo / sem / ppc  $150*/ hourly 

*each client's needs are unique and we tailor our services and pricing to meet the specific needs of our clients.  this is our base rate for a-la-carte services.  we also offer flat rate pricing.
 
 
get a custom quote
 
 











 managed hosting  $100*/ monthly 

*our managed hosting services are specifically tailored to cms website platforms.  we offer automated backup and recovery, updates, enhanced security and more.
 
 
get a custom quote
 
 











 social media management  $150*/ hourly 

*as with all our service offerings, this is our base rate.  we will create a unique plan for each client that fits their needs and budget.  don't let your social media go stale, call us today!
 
 
get a custom quote
 
 
















if you are looking for help developing, creating, and / or managing your on-line presence, marketing, and social media, then you need to call us today.  please click the button below to set up your free consultation. 







schedule a call



















gallery 




our modern office spaces 























allinteractiveworking spacekitchenrestroom



 



business support






 



innovators community






 



fresh coffee






 



place for rest






 



entertainment center






 



unlimited internet






 



membership






 



dedicated desk






 



private office






 



cowworking investment fund



 















testimonials 




a word for our customers 








my business has grown exponentially since moving into cowwworking. i recently realized that every single client that i've acquired since moving in has been because of cowwworking- either through referrals, collaboration, or networking events held in the space.  - antonio valenciaproduct manager




i've worked out of coffee shops for some time but cowwworking gives me the perfect environment for getting work done and meeting new professionals in the ny area. this space and the people in it are a true example of coworking done right.- antonio valenciaproduct manager




fantastic community, great location! looking forward to watching this place grow. if you are interested in growing your business, you need to check this place out. it's also a great place to host an event, with a very hip event space.- antonio valenciaproduct manager




 















latest posts 




latest events and news 












why every computer person should have a modern chromebook!june 3, 2019let’s start by talking about my chronic and desperate love for all things technology. when i started looking at computers…read more


 




























contact 




contact us today for your free consultation 





 










 your name (required)
 
 your email (required)
 
 subject
 
 your message
 

 
















telephone: 928-854-4981






physical address: 300 e ruiz, fort hancock tx, 79839


































dog river design, llc.
 




get your business noticed with a creative and engaging website, active social media presence, and stable, managed, secure web hosting.  







facebook





instagram





youtube





twitter














office hours 



mo:11:30 - 6:30 



tu:09:00 - 5:00 



we:12:00 - 6:00 



th:09:00 - 3:00 



fr:11:00 - 6:30 



sa:by appt only 



su:closed 









pages 



home
articles
about
services
contacts
 









schedule your free consultation. 











give us a call at 915-407-5905 or visit our contact us page to email us.  we look forward to hearing from you! 

















© copyright 2018. all rights reserved 




















  



























































