


the text













the elevator notification


since it is difficult to read long explanations posted in an elevator,
here is the complete notification about the october event at vbtg for
anyone who may be interested.  feel free to copy and distrubute.





[start of document]



october 25, 2017



power outage



on monday, october 24, 2017 at approximately 2:30 am the contractor, jay
electric, who was performing a routine annual maintenance service on the
electrical system, was faced with some difficulties with the operation
of a disconnecting switch of the main panel located in the main
electrical room in the p1 level of 53 mccaul street.


the handle of one of the disconnecting switches was broken and a metal
part of the switch handle contacted the hot wires inside the switch and
caused a short contact.  as a result, one of the 3000 amps fuse in the
main panel blow (sic) out and the disconnecting switch was damaged.


the mtcc #607 building #73 mccaul street, all units of grangetown (mtcc
#1318) and food court was affected by this.


the contractor, commercial switchgear limited, was contacted immediately
to replace the 3000 amps fuse.  when the contractor arrived on site,
about 10 am, [they] discovered that the main switch was damaged from the
short contact and needed to be replaced.  the replacement of the high
voltage main switch requires insolation of the main panel from the main
transformer in the vault.  for this reason, management contacted toronto
hydro immediately and arranged with them a vault disconnection, to
[en]able the replacement of the main switch.  the contractor's
technicians went back to their workshop to pick up a new switch.  in the
meantime, a notice of hydro interruption was sent out to all units
informing them of the emergency hydro power interruption. toronto hydro
insolated the main panel around 5 pm and the contractor, commercial
switch care, completed the replacement of the main switch. after the
replacement of the main switch was completed the esa (electrical safety
authority) inspected the new switch and the electricity was restored by
approximately 11:30 pm.


as a result of the power outage there were no elevator[s] and no
domestic hot water boilers running during this time.


[end of document]


















free counters provided by 
vendio.




 





