






robust innovative vision – shopping blog


































robust innovative vision
shopping blog




	call us: 555-citylogic









home














 



























asos the fashion mammoth

posted on december 29, 2022september 18, 2023 by admin 


asos, or as seen on screen, is an online fashion retailer that was founded in 2000 by nick robertson and quentin griffiths. based in london, the company has quickly become one of the leading players in the fashion industry, offering a wide range of clothing, accessories, and beauty products for men and women.
one of the things that sets asos apart from other retailers is its focus on providing an inclusive shopping experience. the company offers a range of sizes, from petite to plus, and features models of all shapes and sizes in its marketing campaigns. asos is also committed to sustainability, with a number of initiatives in place to reduce its environmental impact.
one of the standout features of the asos website is its use of technology to enhance the shopping experience. customers can use the site’s virtual fitting room feature to see how items will look on their own body shape, and can also use the site’s “outfit builder” to create custom looks. asos also has a strong presence on social media, with a number of fashion influencers collaborating with the brand to promote its products.
in addition to its online retail operations, asos also has a number of physical stores, including a flagship store in london’s oxford street. the company has also expanded internationally, with a strong presence in countries such as the united states, france, and germany.
asos has received numerous awards over the years, including being named the “best online retailer” at the british fashion awards in 2010 and 2011. the company has also been recognized for its commitment to sustainability, winning the “best sustainable online retailer” award at the drapers digital awards in 2020.
 asos is a leading player in the fashion industry, with a strong commitment to inclusivity, sustainability, and technology. its wide range of products and innovative online shopping experience make it a go-to destination for fashion-conscious consumers around the world.
to save an asos using an asos sale code, simply use an asos discount code 2023.









super retail struggling during lockdown

posted on october 20, 2021september 18, 2023 by admin 


in 2021, the closures of major cities in australia, including melbourne and sydney, have affected the sales of super retail group’s businesses.
super retail group is also the owner of the macpac outdoor clothing chain. this is a large segment of the new zealand retail market.
super retail group says the group’s warehouses and distribution centers have been full due to the disruptions caused by the rising costs and global supply chain movements.
online sales at super retail group have jumped 30 per cent in the first 16 weeks of the year, with click & collect now accounting for 59 per cent of all sales.
super retail group, is expecting a strong recovery in sales over the summer months, as the company builds up its inventory levels to avoid potential shortages.
with a strong inventory position, the group is well-placed to benefit from the expected uptick in demand for various categories during the summer holiday season.
the rising costs and uncertainty around international shipping have become increasingly alarming for stores like super retail group and the reject shop.
like-for-like sales at super retail group were down 12 per cent for the first 16 weeks of the year, but this is still better than the same period a year ago.
super retail group said that click and collect sales grew by 163 per cent in the 1st 16 weeks of 2021.
gross margin has improved for the first 16 weeks this financial year, though they might come under pressure later due to uncertainties in the supply chain.
like-for-like sales at supercheap auto were down 13 per cent in the first 16 weeks of the year, while those at rebel and bcf were down 10 per cent and 12 per cent respectively.
autobarn, which is owned by bapcor, has also been experiencing a sales decline due to frequent lockdowns. like-for-like sales in its stores were down 16 per cent in the september quarter.
stores like cotton on who have a strong online presence are doing well. to save on your online shop at cotton on use a cotton on coupon code.











fashion and clothing

posted on may 9, 2019september 18, 2023 by admin 


one of the most exciting things about the explosion in online shopping is the sheer amount of choice we now have when buying products online.
there are a number of reasons why it is beneficial to shop online rather than buy in a physical store.
the first reason is the convenience. being able to shop online means that you can shop at anytime and anywhere and all you need is a computer. it doesn’t matter if it’s 2am in the morning, you will be able to buy things online.
the second reason is that you can shop at places you could not normally reach. for example, we can buy from shops in the uk or usa and never set foot in the store.
the third reason is that the prices are generally better when you buy online. since they don’t have the same overheads as a regular store.
the final reasons are you can use coupons when you buy online. you can get a glassons discount code or glassons promo code and use them to make huge savings.









catch of the day launches in new zealand

posted on september 10, 2018september 18, 2023 by admin 


catch of the day is one of australia’s most popular online bargain shopping stores with a huge range of products ranging from fashion to home wares and more. catch of the day is owned by catch group in australia and their focus is providing great priced products which are from brand named fashion rather than your run of the mill generic products. the company currently sells an item every 2.8 seconds and ships over 10,000 orders per day. catch of the day started as a daily deals site offering only one item a day, hence the name catch of the day. they decided to expand their offerings and slowly grew to their current status of over 30,000 products on offer each day.
catch of the day already has a presence through trademe however they are looking to expand their offering to new zealanders with a fully fledged website and local resources.
catch sources the products from australian brand owner importers as well as directly from the us or europe. there are also some products that come from china. they have now launched their new zealand website and will be offering a huge range of their australian offerings here. part of the growth plan will be to include products from new zealand brands as part of catch new zealand and catch australia.
for great savings on your purchase from catch of the day nz, use a catch of the day coupon.





















recent posts


asos the fashion mammoth


super retail struggling during lockdown


fashion and clothing


catch of the day launches in new zealand


recent commentsarchives

december 2022
october 2021
may 2019
september 2018

categories

fashion


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org














             	theme by out the box

























