







lucky supply








































































































              home
            

            outta the archives
          

            blog
          




















































homeoutta the archivesblog







crafting quality tools for tattooers since 2000











scroll


















we are proud to serve tattooers globally. please select your location below 




    united states
  




    europe
  




    canada
  




    new zealand
  




    latin america
  











our commitment to quality  united states manufacturingdid you know that lucky supply manufactures more tattoo supplies in the united states than any other supplier? we are proud to have our own in-house, full scale workshop. this allows us to have optimal quality control over the tools that you use. our tips, grips, machines, foot switches, clip cords and many other supplies are proudly manufactured right here in largo, fl. better quality tools equals less for you to worry about so you can get back to tattooing. any products, such as our consumables that are made outside of the country have been intelligently designed by lucky supply and are put through rigorous and meticulous quality inspections before they reach your hands. 

 

build a custom machinelooking to have a one of a kind machine? of course you are! we offer complete customization, from frame style, engraving options. all machines and parts proudly made in the usa & ship worldwide.




    build my machine
  








 lucky supply is committed to designing & crafting innovative, high-quality tools that we guarantee, through first-hand experience, are tried and true.



















 


    learn more
  



outta the archivesartist loyalty programwe believe every tattooer should own pieces of tattoo history. we are excited to share pieces from the lucky tattoo museum with all of our loyal customers at no cost & reward you for collecting!








location



us mfg



large image



outta the archives














©lucky supply 2023











