










home - mcdowell chamber of commerce























































  






















skip to content














menu 
homemy chamber board of directors staffgrow member benefits join the chamberconnect member directory member loginengage chamber & community events what’s new?impact job postings community resource guide explore mcdowell county our schools our community college economic development marion business association mcdowell arts council associationcounty mapbusiness resource guidedonate here for hurricane reliefmountain bizworks helene resourcehelene relief disaster mini grants











facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram





linkedin

































 
















mcdowell chamber of commerce






interested in becoming a member?







join today!





















get connected












directory


grow 
 














calendar


connect 
 














jobs


engage 
 














login


impact 
 





















mcdowell chamber is



















the mcdowell chamber is on a mission.
we know that you want to succeed in business and invest in a thriving community.
in order to do that, you need to grow your social networks, build meaningful new relationships, have access to information and resources to lead your company, and maximize opportunities that allow you to create a lasting impact on the place where you live, work and play.
the mission of the mcdowell chamber is to connect businesses with services and resources, while advocating for economic growth through active leadership and equitable community engagement.







directory





















what our members say






as a new business, it is refreshing to join a chamber that prioritizes helping meet any need i may come to them with. in the first few weeks of joining, i knew this investment was one of the better decisions i had made as a small business owner. networking opportunities, marketing connections, referrals, and support were provided what seemed like almost instantaneously upon becoming a member and meeting with kimberly and her team. if you are thinking of joining and working to grow, i highly recommend setting a meeting with the mcdowell chamber!
mia chapman  |  founder, strive marketing llc







learn more
























mark your calendar

















dancing with the mcdowell stars and community awards banquet 
 
















legislative breakfast 
 
















annual golf classic 
 
















ribbon cutting events 
 


















platinum sponsors




















                                baxter                            












                                morris heating & cooling                            












                                mitsubishi electric                            



























executive sponsors




















                                ymca                            












                                jeff kincaid insurance                            












                                kickin' kountry 101                            












                                unc healthcare                            












                                mission hospital                            












                                the box factory                            



























steward sponsors




















                                a plus networking                            












                                mcdowell fitness                            












                                pepsi                            












                                manpower                            












                                dmjps                            












                                wbrm                            












                                mount ridge                            












                                duke energy                            




















 












© 2025 mcdowell chamber of commerce 
 | 
site by growthzone
























mcdowell chamber of commerce









phone




828-652-4240 










address & map




1170 w. tate st. | marion, nc 28752 










contact us




email us 


















 © 2025 mcdowell chamber of commerce .  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
















