ï»¿





def leppard tour history fan archive (def leppard setlists/tours/news) the world tour






































newstour historydiscographylep historybandinterviewstelevisionradioabout / contact















def leppard tour history > home


















def leppard tour history / fan archive

the definitive concert guide

welcome to the largest and most comprehensive guide to def leppard's touring history.

featuring the def leppard tour history - a massive archive of tour information compiled by fans.




latest def leppard news







12th february 2025

def leppard to play minnesota state fair in st. paul in august

def leppard have just been announced to play the minnesota state fair in st. paul, mn in august.







10th february 2025

def leppard to headline rockin' thunder show in edmonton, ab

def leppard have just been announced to headline another festival show in edmonton, ab for this july.







7th february 2025

def leppard release new stand by me promo video

def leppard have just released the promo video for their new single stand by me.





view all news








def leppard tour 2025 - usa

latest tour dates







datelocationvenuerecordings



15th may 2025

san juan, puerto rico
coliseo de puerto rico
news
audio  |  video


17th may 2025

ocean city, md, usa
boardwalk rock festival
news
audio  |  video


19th june 2025

milwaukee, wi, usa
american family insurance amphitheater
news
audio  |  video


21st june 2025

thackerville, ok, usa
lucas oil live at winstar world casino & resort
news
audio  |  video


28th june 2025

atlantic city, nj, usa
borgata event center
news
audio  |  video


3rd july 2025

uncasville, ct, usa
mohegan sun arena
news
audio  |  video






view all dates











latest def leppard tours






def leppard tour / 2025

def leppard tour 2025

11 shows scheduled from january to august.





def leppard tour / 2024

the summer stadium tour 2024

26 shows scheduled from july to september.





def leppard tour / 2023

the world tour 2023

45 shows played from february to november.




view all tours



latest def leppard releases












view all releases












def leppard tour history sections





























def leppard tour history - fan archive

site information



an unofficial def leppard tour history fan site online since may 2001 and based in the uk - the birthplace of def leppard. this site concentrates on the bands live concert history and features an up to date daily def leppard news section. as well as a discography, band history, band member information, interviews and details of all television/radio appearances.

home to the def leppard tour history - an original listing of def leppard tour information. the largest and most comprehensive collection of its kind ever published. it features all known tour dates/setlists with fan/media reviews, show info plus concert photos submitted/compiled by hundreds of fellow fans. feel free to contribute and share 
your reviews/photos with others.

this site is updated by darren/defdazz, an english def leppard fan who has enjoyed their music and live shows since 1987 and thinks that the hysteria album is a masterpiece. 
the site also includes coverage of joe elliott's down 'n' outz, delta deep, last in line, manraze, riverdogs and other band member side projects.


site visitor quotes


defleppardluvr (usa) - "this is the best def leppard website i have ever come across. thank you for putting so much hard work and effort into this site."

amy (usa) - "the tour history pages are second to none, offering a unique glimpse into the long history of the leps from day one through present day."


read more


disclaimer - this site is updated independently by a fan with the help of other fans and not officially related to the band members themselves.

for official band announcements and contact info visit - defleppard.com





share this page:













explore def leppard tour history















homenews
toursmusic
historyband
interviewstelevision
radioabout


def leppard tour history - fan archive. since 2001.







privacy policy  |  site map  |  contact  |  designed by darren/defdazz









