









frick financial federal credit union - frick financial federal credit union






















































  














credit union logo






home
about us 

about
branches


loans 

personal loans
gold and platinum loans
home equity loans
vehicle loans
visa credit cards
loan application
loan calculator


financial services 

new accounts
checking accounts
savings accounts
other services
savings calculator


rates 

loan rates
savings rates


contact us 

welcome aps credit union members!
contact us
credit union news
holidays and events


 




home banking username




 enroll 













notice: nominees and nomination petition period open
members are hereby notified of nominations for the board of directors of frick financial federal credit union for this election cycle. the election cycle is for one board seat with a three year term.


nomination petition forms can be obtained here or at any branch location. the petition form must be signed by 92 members in good standing and include a certificate stating that the petitioner is willing to accept such nomination and, if elected, will serve.


in addition, all official petitions must be accompanied by a short biographical statement, no more than 100 words. petitioners understand and agree that the nominating committee may edit such statements for inclusion in any future notice to the membership.


petition may be dropped off or mailed to the following address: attn: nominating committee, 235 pittsburgh st., uniontown, pa 15401.


last call: petition deadline is march 10, 2025.









a perfect match: you and our certificate special!
4.26% apy*


9 months


$1,000 minimum - $250,000 maximum









previous



next







become a member
join frick financial fcu today.
 member application 





online banking
manage your finances on desktop and mobile!
 login to online banking 





reorder checks
order checks fast with just a few clicks.
 view more 





visa cards
instant access to your visa credit card account.
 login to ezcard 





loans
home or auto we’ve got you covered.
 apply now 





quarterly newsletter
stay up-to-date with the latest news.
 click here 










contact us
 (724) 438-5123
  (724) 438-7491
routing number:  243385155
 info@frickfin.org
 235 pittsburgh street
uniontown, pa 15401


hours of operation
hours for all offices:
mon – thu: 9 am to 4:30 pm
friday – 9 am to 5 pm
view other branches


helpful links
privacy policy
faqs
moneypass
atm locator
membership account agreement
auto loan ad disclaimer 


for after hours
after hours visa credit card: 1-800-991-4961
after hours visa debit card: 1-800-523-4175
pin now: 1-866-985-2273








frick financial federal credit union


2025




frick financial federal credit union is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience in accordance with ada standards and guidelines. we are actively working to increase accessibility and usability of our website to everyone. if you are using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and are having problems using this website, please contact us at (724) 438-5123. all products and services available on this website are available at our credit union office.

           
          










third party links disclosure

×



our site contains hyperlinks to other web sites operated by third parties. these links will take you away from our site. please note that we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information presented on these sites nor do we represent either the third party or our member if the two enter into a transaction. the third party's privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by the credit union. we encourage our members to know when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. our privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our web site.


cancel
continue














