



unique solutions to irs tax problems























































toggle navigation









home


about


courses


services
services
irs delinquent tax returns
cp 210 or cp 220
irs tax audit
irs payment plan
irs offer in compromise
irs appeals



testimonials


affiliate


contact
















over 40 years and thousands of happy clients using our unique solutions!




   






 


















   previous   next 
 









free evaluation










 what joe mastriano, p.c. can do for you













accounting services












we can advise concerning:

all traditional cpa firm services except the 'attest' function
tax reduction analysis, and management of a/r, inventory, etc.
tax preparation of all irs filing entities, foreign and domestic.
entity choice decisions - sub s, llc, partnership, etc.
software selection for practitioners

 
 
 
















tax services







obtain my:

tax planning services - joe's 'tru tax planner' software™ will show you the best way to lower your tax bill.
member of aictp tax planning group - so there is no case too big or small.
free organizer for lowering your tax liability. click here

4 part audit proofing checklist - to this day no one i know who used it has been audited. click here

audit representation to win your audit.
tax preparation that may lower your audit chances, even when we maximize your refund.
tax preparation of all entities, foreign and domestic.
tax preparation of state and government forms.






















irs representation










representation before the irs and other authorities.  we have over 40 years and thousands of successful cases.
pioneered unique tax savings solutions, such as corporate liquidations that cut liabilities in half.
set up and maintain 'unbreakable' installment agreements.
help to bounce back from passport restrictions and fraud.
personal attention, accuracy and excellence.






















joe mastriano, cpa
 



my story







i’m joe mastriano




 
 
since i was in grade school, i have always experienced satisfaction helping people.  in college, i tutored a catholic school teacher with calculus.  she was going to fail math and consequently would not be able to get her license to teach in public schools.  on the final exam, i got a 94 and she got a 97.  i was a bit jealous until i realized that the 97 was my accomplishment also.  
 
to this day, my greatest fulfillment is helping people to be victors, not victims.



i can help you with any irs tax issue.
watch my video below to find out how!





click the button below for your free evaluation!

free evaluation

do you want to save money and do your own irs tax representation?  click below to check out my irs tax courses.

click here for joe's courses















what my clients say




















"i found myself in trouble with the irs...after checking around i found joe's website...  looks like i will have things resolved in the next few months.  thanks again for all your help joe!"










einar pedersen




businessman
















“make sure you go to joe mastriano.  he is the best deal out there.”










ran jeet




ran jeet international holdings



more testimonials













“i was being audited...i didn't know what to do...joe was like a doctor...he made the auditor understand that this was the right way to do things.  we had a very good experience.”










ibraham chapra




store owner















 
enrolled agent





certified public accountant





texas state board of public accountancy





rotary international
board of director 2018-2019



















check out
joe mastriano's




youtube channel







like and subscribe to get valuable free information on important tax and accounting topics! click below!






















check out joe's books on amazon





fire your tax preparer: why was my income tax return audited? 





 
irs letters: all you need to know about them 





the "unbreakable" irs payment plan: why we get levied when we think we have an irs agreement





pick the best cpa, accountant, or tax preparer: even if you love the one you have now








contact me










 



stephanie@taxproblem.org




 



+1 713-774-4467


free evaluation


 



8303 southwest frwy. #636
houston, tx 77478





































8303 southwest fwy #636
houston, tx 77074 









support@taxproblem.org









(713) 774 4467











about us




at joe mastriano, pc, we are committed to providing expert representation for individuals and businesses facing irs tax challenges. with over 40 years of unparalleled experience and a track record of successfully resolving thousands of tax cases, we have the knowledge and skills to tackle the most complex irs matters.







serving the houston, tx area: 
 
sugar land, tx, 
alief, tx, 
woodlands, tx, 
katy, tx, 
league city, tx, 
tomball, tx, 






kingwood, tx, 
conroe, tx,
baytown, tx, 
pasadena, tx, 
richmond, tx, 
galveston, tx, 
friendswood, tx, 
harris county, tx, 
fort bend county, tx













contact us






© copyrights by jmpc. all rights reserved.









×









free offer




click here to get my free 4 part audit-proofing checklist!




yes, i want it




no thanks. i would rather be audited. 








powered by kartra






































        {:lang_general_banner_cookies}
    








                                    {:lang_general_banner_cookie_disclaimer}
                                


                                        {:lang_general_banner_cookie_privacy}
                                    


                                        {:lang_general_banner_cookie_cookie}
                                    







                                {:lang_general_banner_cookie_accept_all}
                            





                                {:lang_general_banner_cookie_only_essential}
                            



                                {:lang_general_save}
                            











