






quittobacco.com quit tobacco - quit smoking and chewing tobacco. tobacco 
education and cigarette smoking cessation!












click here to view the  television commercial


      the mint snuff story  

stores
        that carry

online
        ordering  $1
        mint pouches samples 
      $5.00 mint chew sample




please scroll down this page for
complete information about how you can quit smoking & chewing tobacco

tobacco education basics



new! send a "quit card" to help someone quit chewing tobacco! click here




the nuts and 
    bolts of quitting tobacco

cnn report on mint 
      snuff non-tobacco chew use with dental hygienists helping baseball players to quit chewing tobacco

weird science - mint 
      may be antimutagenic and when mixed with tobacco, may reduce health risk


      cancer risk of nicotine gum and lozenges higher than thought

mayo clinic recommends non-tobacco herbal chew to help cessation 


      nicotine patch & mint snuff reduce withdrawal symptoms - nida study shows

how to help someone 
      - or yourself - quit chewing tobacco
the
        oregon 2-step quit smoking program - controversial, but it works

dr. dan 
      laizure's phase-out program - "nicotine weaning" process


      prevention is the best medicine
detailed information
        about mint snuff non-tobacco chew and mint snuff pouches

facts and photos regarding the hazards of
        smokeless tobacco - graphic pictures of oral cancer


      new reason to quit smoking & use mint snuff non-tobacco chew & pouches


how health
    professionals can help their patients quit tobacco
tobacco cessation and education for dentists, hygienists, county
        health departments and other
        health professionals..
developing a cessation program for your clinic and
        personal use


news!
new 
      website helps users quit chewing tobacco. killthecan.org
similar to
      garbage pail kids,
      tobacco bad kids launches kid-targeted 
      education campaign

nicotine 
      patches and nicotine gum may promote tumor growth
"smoke-out challenges people to give up the habit"
        by amanda kreiger
parade magazine article: is there any danger in
        chewing tobacco?


      major league baseball and nstep promote chewing tobacco cessation 
      education
shoreline
        c.c. dental hygiene students promote tobacco education at
        mariner's game
dr. dan laizure takes on tobacco industry at walla
        walla rodeo
dental hygienist society holds
        health fair in bay area, texas
dr. lavergne's practice puts
        on health fair in carencro, louisiana
beth ayers works tobacco control in western
        nebraska
anthony kansas health department director, frieda
        schmidt, helps chewers
melissa rasmussen of midland lutheran college health
        services in fremont, ne sponsors "smokeout"
dental assisting program wins first place in scarlet oaks
        health fair
jan morris, rdh uses tootsie rolls to help teach kids about
        spit tobacco!
trident community college hygiene students attend kid's
        fair '98

       
    
special
    features..
mint snuff all mint chew and all mint
        pouches
brochures on smokeless tobacco
books and booklets on smokeless tobacco
posters on smokeless tobacco
videos on smokeless tobacco
special seminars and continuing education
nancy davis-walker, the "voice against
        tobacco"
links to other smokeless tobacco related sites







$1 trial sampler

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


11.07.06
1.10.05.11.07.06.256
0305041.10.05.276

