 


montego bay jamaica - sangster international airport (mbj)




























assessment &training booking portal
safety
media
contact
mobile
language: english





		a few clouds
		humidity: 		79%			
26°c

7:44pm




flight informationflight informationflight arrivalsflight departures
travel planningtravel planninginternational airlinesdomestic airlinesroutesimmigrationcustomsgeneral aviationsecurity 101
ground transportationground transportationcar rentalshotel lounges & shuttlesparkingtaxi cabstransfer/tour operators
shopping & diningshopping & diningfood & beverageshopping & duty freepassenger services
airline servicesairline servicesair traffic controlflight planningfuellingground handlingrates & chargesslot request
business developmentbusiness developmentadvertisingrequest for proposal
about mbjabout mbjawardsaci trainingairport developmentart programmecertificationscharity run/walkcharity run/walk grantcommunity engagementemergency response serviceemployment opportunitiesenvironmental effortsenvironmental policyfacts & statisticsinformation security policymbj assessment and training manualsmbj  business continuity policymbj mission & visionmbj sms manualmbj sms procedures manualnews releasesphoto & video galleryquality management systemrestricted area passessafety concernssia airport forumterminal map




















flights »




go»








flight
city
time
status


dl1923
atlanta
08:52:00 pm
on-time


view all arrivals




flight
city
time
status


b6380
new york - jfk
09:18:00 pm
delayed


view all departures





mbj news  / /  
											avelo airlines takes flight in montego bay with nonstop service from raleigh-durham international airport (rdu) in north carolina... read more












see all videos >









the airport »
 
sangster international airport (mbj) is the leading tourism gateway to the island of jamaica – one of the world’s most beautiful and desired destinations. mbj is ideally located on the northwest coast of the island – at the centre of the country’s main tourism region and close to a wide range of hotel and resort facilities. the airport is within easy driving distance of the cruise ports at montego bay and ocho rios as well negril.
view the airport



the island »
 
jamaica lies 550 miles south of florida at the very heart of the caribbean. the island is famous for the unique appeal of its scenic and rugged interior – the blue mountains rise to well over 7,000 feet – combined with the unmatched beauty of dazzling tropical beaches bordering the blue-green water of the caribbean sea. each year, more and more visitors are attracted by the island’s magic, its history and its world-class facilities.
view the island






the mbj story
a celebration of 20 years of growth and nation-building.
learn more  


parking
view parking rates while visiting sangster international airport.
learn more 


passenger info
learn about the services available to passengers while visiting the airport.
learn more 


 





travel planning

international airlines
domestic airlines
routes
immigration
more



ground transportation

car rentals
hotel lounges & shuttles
parking
taxi cabs
more



shopping & dining

food & beverage
shopping & duty free
passenger services



about mbj

awards
aci training
airport development
art programme
more



connect with us
subscribe to mbj news






			© 2025 mbj airports limited, all rights reserved.
			site map
conditions of use
privacy policy
contact us














