





gano excel international


























gano excel international


select a language:

english
bulgaria
czech
dutch
french
german
greek
hungarian
italian
polish
portugese
romanian
slovak
spanish
turkish









about us
our products
ganoderma
contact us

new member registration

member site

worldwide contact



new member registration
|
member site
|
worldwide contact




 
























 
 
 




read more





read more



 


read more



 




1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8












gano excel was born
founded in 1995 by mr. leow soon seng with an intention to bring health, wealth & happiness to the community.


ganoderma lucidum
long known as one of the best and most beneficial herbal remedies. its herbal history was documented in the oldest chinese pharmacopeia, "shen nong's herbal classic".


world's largest organic ganoderma plantation
every bit of ganoderma goodness from gano excel comes from our in-house 100% organic ganoderma plantation.


expanded worldwide
distributed in over 70 countries and currently has over 8 million customers and growing.













the success of our company relies on a healthy and thriving relationship with all our distributors. we believe that building a strong network and expanding our business is imperative to our success. we are committed to creating values for all our distributors. we also recognize that true success requires commitment from everyone involved in this business. we will remain dedicated in building a sustainable and positive relationship with all our distributors and we look forward to working together in creating a brighter future for our global team. i am taking this opportunity to thank each and every one of you for your contributions and being part of our journey that we can all be proud of.











to ensure that this organization is successful, i urge all of you to adopt a results-oriented task approach. in a results-oriented environment, everyone is focused on the end-results and emphasizes on each and everyone's performances. when you have a results-oriented attitude then you will be responsible for your actions and will continue to strive harder to achieve the best results possible in whatever task you are pursuing. it also means thinking outside the box for creative solutions to reach better results. to foster a results-oriented environment, everyone needs to use the available resources effectively, set realistic goals and objectives, be accountable for their performance and develop lasting relationships with all your team members. thank you all for your unwavering support and dedication - it is truly appreciated!











dear gano entrepreneurs, as we move forward, i would like to encourage everyone to take the initiative to support one another in fostering an environment of learning and development. we can only become a stronger and better organization if we come together to build a bridge between our individual and collective goals. i am confident that, by supporting each other in our learning and development journey, by uniting our strengths and expertise, we can take gano excel and its members to a greater heights. thank you for your hard work and dedication. together, i am sure we can build a better tomorrow!











thank you to all our gano entrepreneurs for your continued support and dedication to gano excel. as we enter a new decade, we are committed to continue our journey of success, growth and innovation. we will have an exciting roadmap ahead of us and we are confident that gano excel will continue to be the best ganoderma company globally. we will continue our mission of bringing health and wealth to every family around the world as we believe that everyone has the right to live a happy and fulfilling life regardless of their background or circumstances. remember, whatever obstacles that we may face in the future, the only way to move forward is to keep striving for success. do not let yourself get discouraged. you can accomplish great things if you believe in yourselves and your abilities.











gano excel capitalizes on the immense potential of the wellness industry. over the years, the marketing concept has evolved and we have redefined and extended our marketing strategies that have enabled gano excel to flourish and remain as a true leader in this industry.
gano excel had always been very careful with its planned approach to execution as strategic goals cannot be attained without a good planning. for the past 20 years, gano excel had always focused on people, product and plan that created such a massive growth for the company. at gano excel, we too strive for excellence and we believe, innovation can help us to discover and anticipate the future trends that will keep us stay ahead of our competition as markets, technologies or trends shift.
our r&d team constantly innovating and improving our product ranges which is very crucial to our long term performances of our business and that makes us different. so, be proud that you are part of gano excel - a visionary company.











dear gano entrepreneurs,
a very warm welcome to our global convention celebrating the 28th anniversary of gano excel. firstly, i would like to extend a note of thank you to everyone for becoming a part of this celebration and gracing it with your presence. trust me, all this would not have been possible without all your support. as i reviewed my last addresses before the peak of the pandemic era, it struck me how far we have come during a historic period in which we faced unprecedented disruption that was considered to be the toughest in our history.
what a year 2020 has been and the pandemic has changed the realities of our world where we have all been impacted some way or another. the thing i love most about our members is that, during the difficult times of 2020, all of you never stopped moving forward as a team. this is an achievement worth celebrating.
after going through a tough period, we are joining hands again to celebrate our global convention with a tagline "great as one" representing what is best in the network marketing industry. i thank all of you for your truly monumental effort.at the same time let us pay tribute to some of those who paid the ultimate price for the pandemic and my thoughts and prayers go out to their families and to those worked closely with them. they will always be part of our gano excel family.
over the past years, we have demonstrated our strength as an organization and made it clear that when it comes to gano excel, the whole is greater than some of the parts. i have to admit that our 28 years of journey is not an easy one. but we have come very far indeed and today, we are here  celebrating our 28 years of great business growth and prosperity. and for that, i would like to pay  tribute to all our leaders and members for their continuous support since the early days of our business. without all your support gano excel would not have grown at the pace it did over the last 28 years. the products and corporate initiatives introduced in the past were critical to take the company to a new level of maturity.
the wave of opportunity that lies ahead is still new and exciting. however, the gains can only be reaped if we adapt to the changes as we had done before, and collectively rise to overcome any barriers that could hold us back from achieving our objectives of "bringing health and wealth to every family globally". we will always continue to work hand-in-hand to make gano excel more conducive, innovative and resilient.
i take this opportunity to accord my appreciation for making this global convention a reality. once again, thank you for being here and enjoy your stay in malaysia.
thank you.mr. leow soon sengfounder & president of gano excel







check out our products




beverage products learn more








supplement products learn more








personal care products learn more








ng series products learn more













messages from board of directors







read the messages

leow soon seng
founder & president









read the messages

ooi kheng seng
co-founder & executive director









read the messages

lew soon kiak
co-founder & executive director









read the messages

leow ah bah
executive director









read the messages

leong ting yu
executive director







 






enriched products of ganoderma
gano excel is the only ganoderma lucidum provider in the world to own all of its own




browse

home
about us
our products
ganoderma
contact us






gano excel hq operation hours:



										monday – friday 0830 – 1730 (gmt+8)

tel : +604 – 917 2888 info@ganoexcel.com










gano excel international
“gift of ganoderma goodness”


gano excel industries sdn. bhd.
 tel : +604 – 917 2888
 info@ganoexcel.com






					copyright 2008 - 
						


					gano excel international | all right reserved.
					


 
 









