








home page - crowe & dunlevy


































































































































skip to content







toggle navigation





people 

legal staff
professional staff


experience
about us 

about us
quick facts
rankings & awards
global reach/alliances
community
diversity
careers


news
podcast
make a payment
contact 

contact
mailing lists







 













 


solutions for complex legal challenges
for more than 120 years, crowe & dunlevy has been a trusted leader in innovative and effective legal solutions for businesses and individuals. offering comprehensive transactional and litigation services from early mediation to alternative dispute resolution via 30 practice groups, we work with diverse clientele to meet even the most challenging legal objectives.







firm news

















the h-1b visa lottery: i’ve got a golden ticket

													the united states citizenship and immigration services (uscis) has announced its h-1b visa lottery for fiscal year 2026. h-1b visas can be used to sponsor foreign nationals to work for u.s. companies in “specialty occupations.”  this year, the lottery will…													more
continue reading the h-1b visa lottery: i’ve got a golden ticket










deadline approaching for hospital decisions regarding bcbs settlement

													an alabama court has recently approved a $2.8 billion settlement in a class action lawsuit alleging that the blue cross blue shield association violated federal antitrust laws, resulting in lower reimbursement rates for healthcare facilities and providers. after deduction of…													more
continue reading deadline approaching for hospital decisions regarding bcbs settlement










trump executive order on gender could impact employers

													on january 20, 2025, president trump issued an executive order titled, “defending women from gender ideology extremism and restoring biological truth to the federal government.” the order mandates that federal agencies recognize only two sexes, male and female, based on…													more
continue reading trump executive order on gender could impact employers






attorney michael bowling



the end of federal contractor affirmative action as we know it

													among the flurry of executive actions taken by the new presidential administration, president trump signed an executive order entitled “ending illegal discrimination and restoring merit-based opportunity.” this order revokes executive order 11246, the bedrock executive ordered signed by president lyndon…													more
continue reading the end of federal contractor affirmative action as we know it










crowe dunlevy hosts first “in-house oklahoma” event for 2025

													crowe dunlevy is pleased to announce the first “in-house oklahoma” event of 2025, scheduled for february 20th at oklahoma city golf & country club.													more
continue reading crowe dunlevy hosts first “in-house oklahoma” event for 2025










department of labor says fmla leave can be used for participation in clinical trials

													on november 8th, the u.s. department of labor’s (dol) wage and hour division issued an opinion letter (fmla2024-01-a) stating the dol’s position on the use of leave by employees under the family and medical leave act (fmla) for participation in…													more
continue reading department of labor says fmla leave can be used for participation in clinical trials






attorney michael bowling



federal court overturns dol rule increasing salary basis

													on friday, november 15th, the district court for the eastern district of texas struck down the department of labor’s 2024 rule increasing the salary basis for both the white collar – executive, administrative, and professional – and highly compensated employee…													more
continue reading federal court overturns dol rule increasing salary basis










crowe & dunlevy again tops best law firms® state tier 1 rankings

													crowe & dunlevy is pleased to announce that for the 15th consecutive year, best lawyers® has awarded the firm with the most tier 1 rankings in oklahoma in the 2025 edition of best law firms®.													more
continue reading crowe & dunlevy again tops best law firms® state tier 1 rankings























join our mailing list














copyright © 2025 crowe & dunlevy. all rights reserved.
disclaimer
privacy policy
site map
mailing lists
 

facebook
twitter
linkedin
 














