




berkshires photographers, ma photographers, ma wedding photographer, farm and winery wedding photographers, family photographers, berkshires photographers, western ma photographer, central ma photographers, portrait photographers





































  live your dream ... again


















 
                      welcome to momentskept studios - photography by john fitzpatrick 



ma wedding photographer - family photographer - child photographer - commercial photographer 


enter site
                  (take a minute to watch the show - it changes daily)












 






all images © 2008 momentskept studios - photography by john fitzpatrick
this page last updated:
    november 20, 2008



      momentskept  is a trademark of momentskept studios










summary of services and philosophy 
thank you for visiting my site. view thousands of pictures from this ma photographer within this site.  this berkshires photographer will capture your imagination and the tender moments of your special day whether you
                  live in the berkshires, massachusetts, or the shortened version of the berkshires, ma, the college town of amherst, quiet longmeadow, 
                  great barrington, growing holyoke, pittsfield, springfield or diverse northampton. 
                  as ma photographers should be your first choice for a wedding photographer.
i'm  sensitive to many different cultures and socio-economic backgrounds of all races of people whether they be white, black, hispanic, asian, latino and also regardless of faith or sexual orientation. so, whether you are a black bride, a hispanic bride, an asian bride or a jewish bride, i will respect your values and cultural traditions as i would my own. my years living in asia, europe, canada,  various parts of america and extensive world travel contribute to this sensitivity and awareness. this also makes me a great choice for a jewish wedding photographer or bar bat mitzvah photographer.
 john is based in the berkshires and travels all new england states to photograph 
                  weddings, couples, engagements, younger and older children, show animals, and events
                  including stockbridge, amherst, the quaint lenox, the rural otis, becket, the fast-growing
                  westfield, blandford, dalton, the speed trap village of hinsdale, longmeadow, metropolitan 
                  worcester, cute douglas, and importantly albany. these are all great cities with many 
                  beautiful picture taking opportunities.
 couples also contact me from canaan, new york, boston, northampton, and westwood to photograph
                  their weddings that take place in churches or outside at their homes. religious ceremonies
                  are also covered such as bar and bat mitzvah's in the towns of shrewsbury, westborough, 
                  auburn, ludlow, milford, whitinsville, lake side brookfield, rural palmer, ware, agawam, south hadley, westfield, and just south of the ma border: enfield. 
                  your choices are plentiful with momentskept, the berkshires photographers.
check us out if you live in easthampton, hudson, up in
                  north west massachusetts at adams, up north in greenfield, cummington, attleboro near rhode island, 
                  franklin, beautiful providence, charlton, or auburn. the berkshires are a beautiful
                  place for a wedding as is framingham, natick with it's large mall, bustling boston, woburn, uxbridge, 
                  and more! as berkshires photographers, we cover all of western massachusetts, the berkshires, 
                  new york state, sometimes vermont, often in connecticut, and even misspelled places like 
                  masachusetts, massachusets, berkshire, bershires, pitsfield, or photograper, potographer, and more. 
 john fitzpatrick photographs couples, individuals, models, weddings, events, real estate, show 
                  animals, children and others. we can also be found by searching for berkshires wedding photographers, 
                  worcester wedding photographers, usually as albany wedding photographers, frequently as hartford 
                  wedding photographers, pittsfield wedding photographers, and longmeadow wedding photographers.  we also create amazing family portraits in towns like wellesley, ma and westwood, ma.  often, we will photograph events in boston and providence. dedham, belchertown, norwood and medford have many great reception sites that we will photograph your wedding at.  sherborn, concord, ma and hopkinton are beautiful in the summer for outdoor weddings. 
a bit further away you will find us listed as boston wedding photographers,
                  northampton wedding photographers, lenox wedding photographers, and great garrington wedding 
                  photographers. sometimes people search for ma wedding photographers, ct wedding photographers, 
                  nh wedding photographers and vt wedding photogaphers.  even mass. wedding photographers too.  regardless, you should be able to find us easily and will, hopefully, love the photographs we take. 




                  thanks for stopping by ... i hope you find my site informative! 


 

warning: all text, design concepts and images on this website are © 2007 by the berkshires photographers: john fitzpatrick. any unauthorized resuse of the images, text, or design of this website is strictly forbidden. all ip addresses are logged and downloads tracked. please do not "borrow" the design ideas or text contained herein.



towns we serve

              ca
links









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
site map


