




premadaya imports from india | kurti tunics | bohemian tops, clothing, accessories




























free shipping on orders over $100




 
love what you wear!






 




my account
checkout
cart




call us:   518-796-4815   follow:        



clothing

women’s kurta tunics
bohemian indian tops
ladies’ yoga t-shirts
indian dresses
indian outfits
indian pants
new arrivals


accessories

scarves and shawls
jewelry
henna tattoo kits


featured
clearance
inspiration

books
music
movies


resources

help with sizing
glossary of terms
image gallery

the ladies who stitch


trunk shows
recommended websites


about us

meet the owner

interview with premadaya owner mary kuntz


mission statement
testimonials
contact premadaya
join our mailing list
merchant policies


blog

menu


cart:$0.00hide cart

 





 













shop now!
























 





the finest in women’s fashions from india…
sale...50% off selected items!
we strive to offer the highest quality and most personalized service to our customers. we bring the most beautiful clothing from india to the west, specializing in kurti and kurta tunics, women’s bohemian tops, dresses, pants and scarves.
in our store you will also find fine jewelry from india, including rosewood wrist malas (prayer beads) and henna tattoo kits to complete your look.
our new, exclusive, custom-designed line of women's kurti tunics from india are crafted from unique and beautiful textiles. they include our khadi cloth and hand-block print designs. you can find them in new arrivals.
welcome to premadaya — please enjoy your journey through our store!
just like the fine craftsmanship of indian clothing at premadaya, a super clone rolex captures the essence of luxury and attention to detail. whether you're shopping for a unique kurti tunic or a super clone rolex, both offer high-quality, stylish options that reflect elegance and sophistication without compromising on value.








namaste!

join our mailing list
for exclusive discounts
receive updates on special offers and
new product announcements.
~ sign up! ~

“love everyone, serve everyone,
remember god, and speak the truth.”
~ neem karoli baba










premadaya news
now in the store: books, music, and movies to inspire! »
mission statement »
we specialize in women’s fashions from india and the far east. the company was founded in 2004, and since then we have become the destination for bohemian fashions, featuring the latest trends for women who live free through the clothes they wear, the art they enjoy, their music, and their travel aventures. more...

clothing

we carry a large selection of sizes, colors, and fabrics, many with authentic embroidery, block printing, sequins, and other detailing.
shop now…
accessories

see our stunning accessories, including bracelets, scarves and shawls, henna tattoo kits, and more.
shop now…










free shipping on orders over $100
buy now and save!







what's in store



add to cart   

women’s yoga black and yellow block print cotton pants
  $44.00  



add to cart   

women’s yoga block print cotton pants
  $44.00  



add to cart   

women’s black floral kurti tunic
  $24.00  



add to cart   

ladies cotton shakti tunic
  $34.00  









 

 



copyright © 2015 premadaya imports from india. all rights reserved.
sales@indianclothingart.com
 


 
 
 
 






 







