





bella flora of dallas | luxury wedding design



















































shop our bella blooms | order flowers online for delivery or pick-up


skip to the content.



bella flora of dallas











✕

about
services
gallery
accolades


rentals
blog
contact
shop now

















bella flora of dallas is an innovative, full-service floral and event design studio specializing in luxury weddings, corporate and social events. we take great pride in our exquisite florals, customized details and unique approach to each and every event.






view our beautiful galleries
weddingsdestinationssocial & corporatevenues



as featured in
       




previous
next





“lucy, cesar and the entire bella flora team are amazingly talented and innovative and such a joy to work with. they turn every idea i have into something more incredible and beautiful than i could have ever imagine. bella flora is the best of the best across the board.”
lauren brundage mariel, bride


read more testimonials




“i know all i have to do is give lucy the date and theme of the party and the rest is done by her and her amazing team! they handle it all from start to finish with incredible attention to every last detail, making for the best and most memorable parties! i have worked with lucy for many years and can say i am always thrilled with her creativity and professionalism!”
natalie mcguire, client


read more testimonials




“bella flora perfectly orchestrated our wedding at the joule hotel without a hitch despite the unforeseen weather. meanwhile, cesar’s floral design was breathtaking and truly stunning. our wedding was above and beyond what we expected and it would not have been possible without bella flora.”
hillary grassano, bride


read more testimonials




 







bella flora


118 oak lawn ave
dallas, tx 75207
972.445.1200 p
972.554.6308 f
email us


facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest


© 2025 bella flora of dallas. all rights reserved.
site by reeves design house























