




collinsradio



























































home
about
manuals
membership
archives
signal
rx for your collins
reflector
member login
 






 
  



        current news from the cca:      




news!!!
collins collectors association – technical bulletins listing
collins collectors association – download technical bulletins
members only!!
about the cca technical bulletins
there is a tremendous amount of knowledge within the collins community that is not being tapped, is not being shared, and is not even known to exist. the cca tech bulletins attempt to fill this gap, and to encourage members and nonmembers to share knowledge they have that would be valuable to current and future enthusiasts. cca tech bulletins is also envisioned to be used for rapid dissemination of important topics or “alerts.” broadly speaking, the bulletins are:

an alert about a topic of technical interest or importance affecting the performance of collins equipment.
used to cover topics that perhaps only a small numbers of members would care about and are not necessarily well suited for the signal.
used to provide background or additional treatment of a known topic that needs further discussion without waiting for possible publication several months later in the signal.
cover timely topics that warrant more attention and depth than reflector posts can provide. provide rapid reaction to a hot topic.

instructions and pics added to robert meadows oak switch replacement kit
link to additional materials on the kwm-380 speech processor by michael jones kd9cnv
two letters from warren brenne and jim garland on the 30s1 cooling system. click here and look under 30s1
two excellant new articles on the 30s-1 and 30l-1 that everyone should read by bill carns and don jackson – look under the 30s-1 and 30l-1 headings on this link
32s-3 out-of-band spur problem – please read!
critical service bulletin that every 30l-1 needs!!
cca adds rx for your collins section!
very rare recording of arthur collins donated – click here to listen!
how to share your shack pictures on the new collins collections
see the cca new facebook page!
bill kirkland donates files for dial drum, disk and pto – see 51j-3
 biggest collins am shortwave transmitter saved from extinction 
 video of collins radio s-line van


net alert today3.805 at 2000 central collins gear is not required - all are welcome to join the net!click here for 

net information   net challenges
frequently requested links
  

 
links to other collins resources and partners of the cca
 
printable membership form

trouble renewing? see this
cca net information
cca reflector
cca grading standards
collins equipment manuals
 
equipment of collins radio
 
b-29 fifi & the cca
warren bruene memorial
reflector archives
 hot downloads

collins 1959 general catalog
fundamentals of single side band
the care and feeding of a kws-1
 current hot topics

tuning the 30s-1 how & whys
pto service and specifications
kws-1 75a4 deadly caps
collins reply to 75a-4 modifications
operating am with collins s-line



search for:




recent posts


lodestone pacific


sline oak swith replacement


vintage manuals inc., previously w7fg manuals


peter markavage, wa2cwa – manual man


w5lqs


recent commentsarchives

september 2019
june 2019
august 2015
april 2015
august 2014
june 2014
april 2013
may 2012
april 2012

categories

a-line painting and restoration

a-line service, repair, and parts

assoc_member

books / videos / manuals

commercial firms

dayton prize donor

hf-80 systems & military surplus

home content

kwm-380 parts

kwm-380 service and parts

replacement parts – electronic

replacement parts – mechanical

s-line service and repair

slider

slider_voa

uncategorized


meta

register log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org










 copyright © 2012, 2014 collins collectors association
	all contents， inclusive of urls involving "collinsradio", protected by
	the copyright and appropriate trademark laws of the united states of america 
statusyou need to be logged in to use member only content.
use the links below to login or register.login   register site by scott kerr ke1rr trackersoft, lp














