









boardwalk builders - building dreams since 1986





























































skip to content





























menu 






















phone:
(302) 227-5754
fax:
(302) 227-5720
location:
37395 martin st.
rehoboth beach, de 19971









homeabout our teamservices kitchen renovations bathroom remodels interior home renovations exterior home renovations home remodels & renovations windows & doors custom homesour workblogcontact








 









 


















why choose us?






exacting. distinctive.






we build dreams by doing whatever nice people need done.
we understand that your home is an integrated reflection of your sense of style and taste – a reflection of who you are – and we take time to get your project right. at boardwalk builders, we bring together a diverse team of professionals and craftsmen in residential design and construction.







learn more































kitchens

learn more


 

















interiors

learn more


 

















baths

learn more


 

















exteriors

learn more


 




























about






our mission






since 1986 boardwalk builders has established a reputation as one of the premier remodelers and custom home builders along the delaware shore. we use the words "exacting" and "distinctive" to define our approach. we start every project with the premise that our clients want their ideas listened to and their house cared for by a professional they trust to handle the technical, operational, and financial aspects of the project – no matter how simple.  
we treat your home with exacting care, and we value both our working relationship with you and the distinctive results we achieve together. our clients refer their friends to us.







contact us























testimonials






our reviews










brenda benna



such a great company to work with! i recommend them highly. i could not be happier with the work they completed on my house!




diane wolf



everyone at boardwalk builders was friendly, efficient & extremely responsive. they listened as i described my vision for my new kitchen & provided expert guidance as we drew up plans. they "held my hand" professionally throughout the selection of materials & performed installation with precision & care. what a pleasure it was to work with each & every staff member i encountered!




armando parrazal



armando parrazal gave boardwalk builders, inc. a 5 star rating!




steve lawlor



i run a high-end custom residential architectural firm in washington, dc. we designed a significant ground-up home in rehoboth beach, de for our clients who live in dc. we searched the area for specialty home builders and came to the conclusion that boardwalk builders were the undisputed best around. this project was demanding and expectations were set at a high bar from the beginning, which made finding the right gc imperative. from pre-construction planning all the way to completing the punch list, boardwalk was an integrated, single source builder who had the muscle and local trade relationships to keep the project humming... even in the middle of covid! their financial forecasting, project management tools and excellent communication skills were stellar, especially when the architect and owner are 2+ hours away. the craftsmanship and skill brought to each of the trades and specialty subcontractors including smart house, av, millwork, hvac, pool, spa, floating stairs and custom railing were extraordinary. finally, the personalities of the people at boardwalk are awesome and made our work satisfying and easy. we were all sort of sad when the project ended! we hope to do many more projects in this area and don't need to look any further for general contractors other than boardwalk builders. we recommend them highly and without reservation.




maria knight



we are extremely pleased with the full remodel boardwalk builders did on our beach condo. from the initial prompt response received when we made the first inquiry, to meeting each benchmark along the way - boardwalk builders hit every target without delay. our place is part of a multilevel building with tight remodeling restrictions and we were worried that whichever contractor we chose might take issue or not be able to work within the guidelines, but that didn't happen. boardwalk builders completed the entire job within the allowed window and made our beach getaway dream a reality!
the job entailed a full remodel including bathroom, kitchen, all trim work, and flooring. nearly all plumbing was relocated, walls were moved and new electric was installed making our 50 year old condo feel like a new, upscale build!
we would definitely use builder builders again and we highly recommend them! they are a top dollar business, but it was worth it knowing that our job was going to be done with utmost care, integrity and professionalism.

 







view all










 
















contact us





  

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your message
please enter a message.




send


message sent!
message failed. please try again.

















































 









 









 









 









 









 









 
























© 2025 boardwalk builders. all rights reserved.









designed by techno goober












 


















