







the martini club international



























































home




michelle hunt




laura panter




services




contact us





as co-founders of the martini club, the renowned  consultancy specializing in custom drink design, mixology training programs and specialty bar service, michelle hunt and laura panter are at the forefront of the beverage industry. 




    contact us
  

















































mixing happiness for over 25 years













  the martini club international inc. is the most innovative and influential beverage alcohol consultancy group in north america. as co-founders, michelle hunt and laura panter have been at the forefront of the beverage industry since 1996. experts in mixology, cocktail design, spirit trends and brand identity, michelle and laura and their team have traveled throughout north america, the caribbean and europe designing bar programs and cocktail, wine and beer menus, educating bartenders, and assisting in the creation of new brands.  




    contact us
  



our services with their excellent reputation and endless ideas, the martini club assists suppliers in the creation, marketing and launching of new brands to the north american market. focus groups, research, trend forecasting, flavour profiling and event management, paired with cutting edge design make the martini club a one-stop-shop for company’s looking to make an impression in this increasingly savvy consumer market. 



trends report presentation an informative and up to date look at current, emerging and growing beverage alcohol trends in north america. engaging and insightful, the session aims to educate groups to better understand where brands and concepts can thrive in this ever-evolving industry.



cocktail recipe development the martini club creates great tasting cocktails by focusing on flavors that blend well in particular applications and providing realistic consumer expectations: authentic, consumer preferred, balanced flavors designed with the target demographic in mindhaving a pulse to the evolving consumer allows us to create custom cocktail menus that spotlight the liquid identity of a brand, bar or restaurant, and design a list that is unique, executable, cost efficient and appealing to the right demographic. our insightful combination of statistics, current sales, market shifts and product innovation lends to a thorough and precise understanding of the ingredients that make up a successful cocktail menu.













our practice
after more than twenty years of expertise, the martini club continues to set the standard in the world of beverage alcohol.





the martini club executes each project in a careful and fully disclosed system that allows us to work alongside out clients, select the best possible resources, provide options for glassware, equipment, products and supplies, and manage costs.













solution-based consultants
experts in mixology, cocktail design, spirit trends and brand identity, michelle and laura and their team have traveled throughout north america, the caribbean and europe designing bar programs and cocktail, wine and beer menus, educating bartenders, and assisting in the creation of new brands.



contact us











let’s talk!we have solutions!




    email us
  






powered by squarespace

































