





spyro gyra – jazz fusion, jazz group




























		skip to content










 







about
media
tour dates
discography
store
contact
 





 







 







 







main menu

 











about
media
tour dates
discography
store
contact
 









 

photo credit: love imagery 


we’re continuing our 50th anniversary celebration   into 2025!





milestone celebrations like a 50th anniversary deserve a little sonic souvenir swag, which longtime loyal fans and newcomers to the spyro gyra experience alike can enjoy on jubilee. with the exception of the vibrant, high-octane (and perfectly titled) new track “50/50” – a riff on the title of the band’s 1997 release 20/20, which marked 20 years and 20 albums – the new collection features 15 songs that capture the band’s ever-expanding palette in its first decade of recording (1978-87). “this set is not only a wonderful way of tying up our first 50 years,” bandleader jay beckenstein says, “but also an exciting opportunity for fans, especially those who came on board from later generations, to immerse in our first decade, which represent the founding of our overall sound. i consider the 40 years that followed a refinement of that core aesthetic. this time is when we developed our style and the language we play. it’s when the identity of spyro gyra was born. the band has always remained true to the foundation of those initial ten years.”





i know i have a lot of fans, but so does spyro gyra, and i am one of them! they always deliver tasty arrangements to their incredible music. another thing i appreciate is their artistry. their music is like works of art.– george benson


happy 50th anniversary to spyro gyra. a big shout out to my friends, jay and the guys. we’ve performed side-by-side on the same bill for so many years and it’s really great to know that we’re still in the game!– bob james 




some of my very favorite sessions have been the ones i’ve played on with that high-spirited instrumental band that shook the world, spyro gyra. under the musical guidance of jay beckenstein and spiritual leadership of rich calandra, we recorded so many fun tracks that have been enjoyed by hardcore fans, as well as people from all walks of life, because spyro gyra has tapped into that thing we all love as a universal family: music that feels good!congratulations to the guys on 50 wonderful years!– will lee 


since their inception in buffalo, new york in 1974, i have been a huge fan of spyro gyra, always loving their masterful musicality and eclecticism within the jazz fusion genre. i shared this love with my manhattan transfer partners, and when i played them jay’s original song “shaker song” in 1980, there was no doubt we were going to make it a vocal version. wishing all the members of this incredible band a happy 50th anniversary and applauding you for your longevity, your passion and your dedication to excellence– janis siegel 


i remember hearing morning dance on my car radio in 1979 and immediately became a fan. fifteen years later i had the pleasure of meeting jay and the guys. i was playing guitar with singer basia and she and spyro played many shows together during the summer of 1994. it was a magical time –  every night i would go into the audience to watch the guys play. great playing and great songs – hey i’m still a fan! congrats to jay and all the guys and here’s to many more years of spyro gyra– guitarist peter white 



upcoming tour dates

view all tour dates




featured videos










visit our shop


explore a curated collection of sonic treasures and band memorabilia that encapsulate the essence of our sound and journey. from limited edition vinyl records that breathe life into our melodies, to beloved classics, our shop is a haven for dedicated fans and collectors alike.


shop






aside from one of the most amazing live shows in instrumental music and killer, killer songs, spyro gyra endures as an audience favorite because they created an original style that sounded like nothing that came before it.– art good creator and host of jazz trax





 







copyright © 2025 spyro gyra
 



 









 scroll to top









