







sunshower country club home page















member
            american association
            for nude recreation



aanr
            education 
            foundation



            member
            aanr
midwest region


member
          of the 
          naturist society








we are open all year for memebers - office hours 9:00 am to 6:00 pm indiana time 






home   •   events & fee schedules   •   tour   •   policies   •   area sights   •   bike rally   •   5k run and walk



















check out all                         
                        activities at                         
                        sunshower 
 check out the
                        game room

*mini-shuffleboard
                          *darts
outside we have 
pickleball
                          petanque
                          swimming
                          water volleyball
                          miniten
                          dirty bird
                          hiking
                          bird watching
always something new
                          at 
                                      sunshower.








                      <





 



welcome to the sunshower country club’s website, thank you  for your interest in sunshower, a sanctioned aanr nudist resort, and visiting  our site.  we are located in beautiful  centerville, indiana and have been since 1959.   located approximately 1 hour from indianapolis, dayton and cincinnati we  draw from 5 different states.  membership  consists of 200 plus friendly people from all walks of life.  click on “take the tour” to view the grounds  and fee schedule.
                      located on 120+ acres there is plenty for people to do and  also secluded private spots for the ones that prefer chill time.  our pool is very large and allows for rafts  to sun on.  an umbrella protected picnic  area poolside offers a place for meals, reading, chatting, etc.   there are chairs at the pool, please bring a towel to put on the chair. 
while traveling, stop at sunshower.  we offer 16 pull thru rv sites, with some 50-amp service sites all have 30-amp, tent camping and 6 rental units.  if you stay 6 nights, the 7th night is free.  perhaps visit some of the area attractions listed below then come back and relax in our beautiful pool..
                      click on area attractions to view many fun places close  by.  the policies page shows sunshower’s  ground rules and offers more information on the nudist lifestyle.
                      many sporting events are played at sunshower.  sports equipment is available, free, for your  use.  hiking trails are awesome and you  may choose your own route, trails are well posted and fun for all ages. for a full description of all that is happening, please click on the events icon at the top.
                      rental units, rv and tent camping is available.  a credit card, at time of booking, will  secure your fun in the sun.  there is a  48 hour cancellation policy.
                      more info needed:   email:  sunshower@sunshower.com  

phone:  in season (5/8 – 9/25) from 9am to 6pm (765) 855-2785
thank you once again for visiting sunshower’s  site and hope you can visit soon 


work campers wanted for the 2024 season


workers wanted are:

maintenance
                            grass  cutting
                            gardening
                            cleaning
the position covers lot fees and ground fees.  you must supply your own accommodations.  if this is of interest to you, please email  us at sunshower using the following address: sunshower@sunshower.com.we need a  resume and  any questions that you have.   we are looking forward to a great season, so consider work camping at  sunshower.


  

one of our pickelball courts

view from the hiking trails



2025 don't miss these events
memorial day weekend 5/24-25
jvacation week 6/28 - 7/6
                    many events are planned
24th annual bare butts rally - 7/24 - 7/27
                    this event is not just for bikers it is fun for all and cars are also involved.
 5k run & walk race 8/2


 




if you are new to the area of if you if you want to stop by and visit sunshower, please be sure to call. our numbers and e-mail are listed below. be sure to make reservations early for the rental cabins or the trailer spaces.
for 
                          camping or rv information e-mail sunshower 
                            country club 
for reservations please  call 
                  us at 1-765-855-2785. 








home   •   events & fee schedules   •   tour   •   policies   •   area sights   •   bike rally   •   5k run and walk


 

 


web site  updated: may 12th, 2015
you can email us 
                  at sunshower@sunshower.com


note: office hours are 9:00 
              am to 6:00 pm daily - indiana time (est) 
                call 1-765-855-2785 for reservations at sunshower country club


web site updated 1/22/2025

 


email webmaster with comments webmaster@sunshower.com
 






