






































recording studio equipment experts - transaudio group































































transaudio


home
about
latest news

press releases
events
blog


international sales
contact
 
 
 
 






we guide you to 
the best audio equipment and information,
so you can create 
recordings your clients can't get anywhere else




partnered brands

a designsatc monitorsauratonebettermakerdakingdrawmerhakanlatch lakemutecpete's place audiosabra-somsound anchorssubwoofer prostrinnov audiotube-tech 
service



the recording studio equipment specialists

looking for the ultimate equipment to achieve perfect sound in your studio?
talk to the professionals at transaudio group first.


have questions?
we love providing answers! with decades of experience in the music industry,
we have the expertise to help you choose the top components for an award winning studio.
get audio answers today



studio profile




from the studio of: lurssen mastering



transaudio studio story
john lennon’s 1971 album, imagine, and its legendary title track are the former beatle’s most famous solo works. the album and the unconventional promotional film that accompanied it were recently remastered and reissued by yoko ono and the lennon estate, with the original album supported by well over one hundred additional tracks of demo versions, studio outtakes, and isolated track elements. called imagine – the ultimate collection, the reissue spans four cds and two surround sound blu-ray discs. musician and engineer paul hicks led the project and joined gavin lurssen and reuben cohen to master the box set – 140 tracks in total – at the lurssen mastering facilities in burbank, california…
 
continue reading »



scm150asl 3 way midfield monitor
 more info



new completed studio projects coming soon. see all the details and product information in our next studio profile!


studio essentials

building a recording studio?  need assistance resolving sound issues?
here are some of our studio essential products that will get you going in the right direction.






 



sabra-som - 										s-pop grip

why do i need this product?

s-pop grip   this system combines the s-pop with the s-grip so you can mount it almost anywhere! the sabra’s 5″ screens are made of special ortophonic fabric, creating hard phonetic noise attenuation, while maintaining the frequency curve of the original sound.

more product details







 



tube-tech - 										hlt2a t-filter eq

why do i need this product?

hlt2a t-filter eq   the stereo tube-tech hlt-2a, winner of the 2016 tec-award for signal processing, is a totally new kind of analog equalizer that combines variable high and low shelving with an adjustable midrange t-filter. the midrange t-filter “tilts” the entire spectrum around a selectable midrange frequency point. frequencies above that point increase (or decrease)…  read more »

more product details



 



 



atc monitorsnear field monitors - 										scm20asl mkii pro

why do i need this product?

scm20asl mkii pro now shipping! atc’s scm20asl mkii active two-way compact professional monitors. featuring a sealed cabinet for smooth roll-off, these may be the most accurate small monitors in existence. new 25mm soft dome hf unit made by atc. full “sl” (super linear) spec atc bass driver with integral 75mm soft dome. 9kg precision machined and…  read more »

more product details







 



mutec - 										mc-3+ smart clock

why do i need this product?

  mc-3+ smart clock   similar to the mc-3+ usb, minus usb connectivity, the mc-3+ smart clock has been developed to significantly improve the playback of digital audio in two ways: at first by clocking devices with extremely low jitter word clock signals and secondly by aggressively re-clocking incoming digital audio signals.  one of the…  read more »

more product details




still not finding what you are looking for? contact us today. we can help!


we are proud of our representation

we partner with nothing but the best when it comes to providing you
with elite audio equipment and information.


 



home
about
press releases
events
blog
international sales
contact
 



contact us:
702.365.5155

7330 smoke ranch road
las vegas,
								nv
89128

fax: 702.365.5145




follow transaudiogroup
facebook
twitter




join our newsletter




© 2025 transaudio group. site by jennifer web design.

 
 










