  







industrial paper, wholesale paper, & seed paper supply




















    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.    javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.       my account my purchase orders  sign in       toggle nav  why anchor paper?about anchor papera history of anchor papergiving messagecareersdivisionsfine paperindustrial & packagingseed solutionsexpress storetools & resourcescustomer support 1-800-652-9755      saved listsquick order cart         menu papertext, cover, writingcoateduncoatedcarbonlesspressure sensitive/labelsblotterindex, bristol, tagboardcut/digitaloffice papersenvelopesbindery & press supplieswide formatshipping & manufacturingcorrugatedtape & adhesivebagspolymailersfilmcushioning & void fillkraftstrapmiscellaneous industrialoffice & facilitiestowel, tissue, soapfood servicejanitorial suppliesclearancetext, cover, writingcoateduncoatedpressure sensitive/labelsindex, bristol, tagcut/digitalenvelopeswide formattape & adhesivesbagsfilmkraftstrapjanitorial/food servicemailerscushioning & void fillbindery & press supplies  account quick linkssaved lists
quick order              customer sign in real-time pricing and saved lists email password  loginforgot your password? not a current customer?request an account over 100 years of service
  independent paper & packaging distributor, serving minnesota and the greater
  midwest
customized solutions, service focused
real time pricing, real time inventory
next day local delivery

  your
  unique business needs are met with our customer-focused services. real time pricing, real time inventory


ordering made easy. log in to your business account for up-to-date inventory, customer specific pricing, order history, and much more. don't have a business account? not to worry, click the link below, complete the application, and we'll get you signed up in no time.


next day local delivery



we offer quick turnarounds and next day local delivery on all in-stock products for customers within our delivery zone. out of town shipments are easy to handle as well as we have partnered with leading freight companies to ensure timely deliveries.



solution focused & customized service


we have a knowledgeable sales team with years of industry experience, and a wide range of specialties. no problem is too hard for our team, they can assist with any question and will work with you to determine the best solution for your business.


request an accountmore than just a paper company. explore what anchor paper has to offer. 




fine paper
products & services



        your print job will be perfectly accommodated by anchor paper co. as we partner with industry-leading mills to stock a wide variety of papers and substrates.
        




learn more



 




industrial & packaging
products & services



        enhance your operations and improve profitiability by collaborating with us to find custom solutions using high-quality products and unparalleled industrial & packaging industry experience.
        




learn more



 




seed solutions
products & services


        
         anchor seed solutions is a world-wide leader in seed testing mediums. we provide a wide variety of germination media and supplies to the research and development labs in 
         the agriculture industry. 
        




learn more



 




express stores
products & services



        anchor paper express features a diverse selection of specialty papers, envelopes, packaging, and crafting products making them a popular retail store for printers, creatives, and crafters since 1990.
        




learn more



 have a question?contact us today to find out more about our vast product offering and customer-focused support. contact us1.800.652.9755 why anchor paper?about anchor paperhistory of anchor papergiving messagesearch termscontact usfine paperindustrial & packagingseed solutionsexpress storesrequest an accountfrequently asked questionsshipping informationreturns & claimsterms & conditionschain of custodyprivacy and cookie policy  1-800-652-9755 480 broadway streetst. paul mn, 55101












 copyright © 1923-present anchor paper co. all rights reserved.   