




new jersey limo service | new jersey car service








































 









 services fleet about us my account duty of care service area client reviews my account book now terms & conditions privacy policy   
  






 


my account
 login create account quick booking price quote get receipt help/faqmobile app
fleet
worldwide
services
reviews my accountbook now





 driving people who drive business offering full access to luxurious late-model vehicles and a team of professional chauffeurs who are experts behind the wheel, choosing to ride with air brook is always the right decision.
 book a ride



 a nationwide chauffeur driven service! by choosing air brook for your ground transportation needs, you are choosing to ride with the best. we know that high-quality transportation services are more than about taking our clients from point a to point b. we offer the full presidential experience where you get to sit back and relax while our professional team takes care of every little detail for you.

login
if you are a current customer with a username and password.
 create account 
if you are a new customer and need to create a passenger profile.




price quote
if you would like to know what your next trip will cost.
 get receipt 
if you need to download a receipt for a past trip.


 mobile application by choosing to ride with our team at air brook, you are choosing to ride with the best. we know that offering high-quality transportation services is more than about taking our clients from point a to point b. we offer the full presidential experience where you get to sit back and relax while our staff takes care of everything for you. getting in touch with us is as simple as pressing a button. you don't have to dial the driver and ask him to come to pick you up. we have developed a dedicated app that is free to use and allows users to book all sorts of transportation services in a matter of seconds. you don't have to wait outside for the driver to come because our app features real-time gps tracking to let you know exactly when the ride arrives.

  



book a reservationbook reservations anywhere in the world.

pick up locationon-location email when the chauffeur arrives with name, cell number and instructions on where to meet.

reportseasy access to receipts, past and active reservations.

check ratescustomers have the ability to get point-to-point rates quickly.

interactive trackinggives customers an interactive map of their pick-up location

app training videossimplified menu for easy customer navigation.



 our fleet discover unparalleled luxury and reliability with our diverse fleet of vehicles. whether you need a limo, a bus rental, or a charter bus for a larger group, we have the perfect option to meet your needs. from sedans to limos and buses, each vehicle is meticulously maintained and equipped with modern amenities to ensure your journey is as comfortable as it is stylish. choose our new jersey limo service for your next trip and experience the ultimate in professional chauffeured transportation.


sedanup to 3 passengersread more
suvup to 6 passengersread more
mercedes sprinterup to 14 passengersread more
passenger vanup to 13 passengersread more
23-passenger mini busup to 23 passengersread more
37-passenger mini busup to 37 passengersread more
55-passenger motorcoachup to 55 passengersread more




worldwide ground transportation - covering 700+ cities
airbrook’s reach goes beyond new jersey limo service. our global transportation network spans over 7,000 sedans and 2,500 specialty vehicles across 700 cities in 100 countries. it offers unmatched transportation services worldwide. wherever you are, you can access the same high standards of luxury and professionalism that we uphold in nj. whether traveling for business or leisure, our extensive resources and expertise are at your disposal to ensure your journey is nothing short of impeccable.
book now 


 our services we offer a wide variety of transportation services that are designed to cater to all our clients' needs. no matter what the occasion is or how high the passenger count it, we can handle it. let us know the essential details of your next trip, and we will make sure that you benefit from the highest level of service in town, any town!



airport transportation
corporate transportation
group transportation
shuttle service
meeting & event transportation
speakers bureau transportation
government transportation
bus rental
wedding transportation
cruise terminal transportation
wine tours
holiday lights tours
brewery tours
private city tours
sporting event transportation
roadshow transportation
night on the town
hourly car service
school/college transportation
concert transportation
bachelor(ette) party transportation




airport transportation our team at air brook limousine is here to provide you with safe and timely airport transfers based on your requirements and flight information. our professional chauffeurs have years of experience providing smooth journeys to nearby airports.read more



corporate transportation late-model vehicles, detailed to perfection, driven by professionally trained chauffeurs, always on time whenever you need transportation!read more



group transportation our luxurious car transportation company can help you with any type of group transportation goal, from airport shuttles to organized tours. our modern fleet offers full access to a long list of premium vehicles that are ideal for all group sizes and transportation requirements.read more



shuttle service our team at air brook is properly equipped to help you with any type of new jersey shuttle service needs. our company is built on three essential pillars: a dependable team of professional chauffeurs, a versatile fleet of modern vehicles, and stellar customer support.read more



meeting & event transportation at air brook, we take pride in our attention to detail and commitment to excellence, qualities that set us apart as the preferred new jersey meeting & event transportation provider. with over forty years of expertise in the ground transportation industry, we have built a reputation based on professionalism, reliability, and punctuality.read more



speakers bureau transportation whether you are a speakers bureau representative or an executive looking to impress your keynote speakers, a luxurious car service such as ours can ensure that your guests arrive at the venue well rested and ready for their speech.read more



government transportation our luxurious car transportation company is a trustworthy travel partner, well suited for government transportation. our team is experienced in this field, meaning that we can provide you with a private and comfortable car ride to any destination.read more



bus rental if you are looking for a bus rental in new jersey, you can count on our company. our large fleet of premium vehicles can accommodate various group sizes, from 7 up to 55 passengers. you have a variety of luxury vehicles to choose from to suit your party size and specific transportation requirements.read more



wedding transportation weddings are one-of-a-kind events that need to be commemorated in the best way possible. what better way to elevate the experience than with a premium wedding limo service in new jersey? whether you are a wedding planner or a soon-to-be-married couple, we can assist you in all of your wedding transportation needs.read more



cruise terminal transportation our team at air brook provides clients with a varied selection of transportation services, including cruise terminal transportation. if you are planning a cruise with family, friends, or colleagues, you can put your trust in us to get you to the terminal in time for boarding.read more



wine tours our new jersey wine tours take you on a relaxing journey to exquisite wineries, showcasing the region's flourishing wine scene. let us handle the transportation while you indulge in tastings, breathtaking vineyard views, and unforgettable experiences.read more



holiday lights tours new jersey is renowned for many local attractions, but there is nothing that compares to the magic of holiday lights displays!read more



brewery tours if you are looking to enjoy a fun tour alongside your friends, family, or business colleagues, you can count on our premium new jersey brewery tours. our team is well versed in creating complete luxurious experiences for our clients, and that includes well-planned tours in the new york and new jersey areas.read more



private city tours if you want to make the most out of your vacation and go on a private city tour, you can count on our high-end car service! our team at air brook is well versed in providing luxurious tours of new jersey, including a healthy balance of famous landmarks and hidden gems.read more



sporting event transportation are you on the lookout for a luxurious sporting event transportation service? then you can end your search here! our team at air brook has the necessary experience and expertise to organize and deliver seamless transportation plans for any kind of event, including sport-related ones.read more



roadshow transportation a roadshow is a demanding business event that requires careful planning and clockwork execution. in order to ensure everything goes to plan and you keep to your tight schedule, we recommend booking our luxurious roadshow transportation service.read more



night on the town a night on the town is all about letting go of your stress and enjoying yourself alongside your significant other, friends, or family! details like finding a parking space and assigning a designated driver should not be on your list of worries for the night. therefore, hiring a professional car service is the perfect solution to your needs.read more



hourly car service our premium hourly car service is available for all clients that need to arrive at several destinations and have a fluid schedule and route ahead.read more



school/college transportation if you are looking for a reliable school/college transportation in new jersey, you can count on our experienced team at air brook. our staff takes safety very seriously, especially when it comes to transporting youth and young adults to schools or colleges.read more



concert transportation air brook limousine offers a complete luxury package for concert transportation. our services feature dependable and courteous chauffeurs, a large selection of premium vehicles, and an experienced staff that handles your personalized reservations.read more



bachelor(ette) party transportation our luxury car service is suited for all types of transportation goals, particularly events and celebrations like bachelor and bachelorette partiesread more



 welcome to air brook, where your journey begins with a touch of elegance and a commitment to excellence. established over forty years ago, air brook isn’t just a name; it’s a legacy. as one of the largest limousine companies in the new jersey & new york metropolitan area and ranking among the top ten in the united states, our reputation is built on decades of delivering excellence. as the premier provider of limo service in new jersey, we specialize in delivering an impeccable blend of luxury, comfort, and reliability. we aim to provide an unparalleled transportation experience in nj, whether you’re stepping out for a glamorous evening or needing a dependable sporting event car service. with us, every trip is adapted to meet the highest standards of sophistication and quality, ensuring that your transportation needs are not just met but exceeded. join us to discover how we can elevate your next transportation experience on the roads of new jersey to something truly spectacular. comprehensive transportation services in new jersey our new jersey car service is ideal for both business professionals and tourists, providing a flawless option for private city tours or attending significant corporate functions. whether you need a car service to newark international airport (ewr), a limousine from john f. kennedy international airport (jfk), or a bus rental to laguardia airport (lga), our airport car services ensure you are being chauffeured in luxury throughout the nj and ny metropolitan areas. for those organizing larger events or group meetings, our bus rental service offers convenient rental services. when opting for bachelorette party bus rental, or a wedding transportation, we ensure a smooth, stress-free journey for all participants. explore our website to discover more services and how we can help make your next trip an extraordinary one. choose a new jersey limo service like no other our service transcends the typical notions of transportation; it’s an invitation to a world where each journey is an artwork of luxury and sophistication. explore our digital gateway and unveil the realm of comfort and elegance that awaits. our commitment to exceptional service, a diverse fleet, and many offerings elevate each trip into an unforgettable experience. choose our new jersey limo service for a transportation experience that’s not just about reaching your destination but about enjoying a journey crafted with utmost style and luxury. get ready for an extraordinary adventure where every mile showcases elegance and refinement.



 reviews     see more






erick ferreiraa week ago
edward beato “excellent service. the driver was very friendly, punctual and the ride was very comfortable. the car was clean and well maintained. i would definitely recommend it. thank you!”


patricia cella2 weeks ago
i had a 5am pick-up. the driver was 15 minuntes early. i had a great experience. my driver walter f was awesome. we had a great conversation! air brook did not disappoint, and the price was reasonable. i will definitely use them again!


hilda torresa month ago
since my friend recommended airbrook the service has been extremely excellent! since i do my reservation to and from all three major airports their service has been spot on. all drivers are cordial and friendly always on time. my job requires a lot of traveling so far l have being happy with the services from reservation to any changes i have encountered on my returns. always there to pick me up highly recommended to any one who wants a good car service company happy customer gus t…. !!!


samantha danylchuka month ago
william was great! immediately had water and mints set up upon getting in the very clean car and went as detailed as asking what specific radio station i preferred. he was very nice and welcoming. communication was very responsive and fast, and had an overall very pleasant ride!


john visci3 months ago
always prompt and courteous service. pleasant and very safe drivers. my wife and i have used air brook for many years with large groups as well and have never been disappointed. in the hectic world of travel it's always reassuring that air brook always delivers and takes the worry out of meeting your flights and connections. additionally their communications are always first rate and totally reliable.





worldwide chauffeur driven service!
  
our services
 airport transportation corporate transportation group transportation shuttle service meeting & event transportation speakers bureau transportation government transportation bus rental wedding transportation cruise terminal transportation wine tours holiday lights tours brewery tours private city tours sporting event transportation roadshow transportation night on the town hourly car service school/college transportation concert transportation bachelor(ette) party transportation contact info  800.800.1990  201.843.6100  info@airbrook.com  18 overlook ave, rochelle park, new jersey 07662


 copyright © 2025 air brook. all rights reserved call 1-800-800-1990 for round the clock support (24/7)










 best of bergen 2022 - winner to show our appreciation for being voted the best of bergen we are offering everyone a 10% discount*. just mention the code bergen when you book.  close  *valid for new sedans and suvs travel in march and april only. cannot be combined with any other offer. only for roundtrip travel to/from ewr, lga, jfk & nyc.





