


careers at allstate | allstate corporation











































































skip to main content




allstate.com




toggle navigation









 about

our shared purpose
our history
executive leadership
board of directors
products & services
strategic ventures
suppliers
privacy center
global code of businessconduct 



 our impact

inclusive diversity& equity
employee impactgroups
the allstate foundation

the allstate foundation
overview
racial equity
youth empowerment
relationship abuse
nonprofit leadership center


sustainability



 investors

annual report
investor relations
statutory statements
allstate investments



 careers

corporate careers
overview
search jobs
work at allstate

work at allstate
benefits
students & new graduates
veterans & military spouses
brands & global presence
events


career areas

career areas
sales
claims
technology
data, research & strategy
legal
product & business transformation
finance


hiring process

hiring process
check application status
hiring process
recruitment fraud notice



partner with allstate

agency opportunities

agency opportunities
allstate exclusive agent
licensed sales professional
personal financial representative





 news & stories

stories
newsroom






allstate.com


























allstate careers
a better career. a better you.
get the support you need to meet personal and professional goals while discovering new ways to better serve our customers.
search jobscheck application

























good hands. greater together.sm
we work as one allstate, valuing unique perspectives and discovering ways to protect and advocate for our customers.



connect
we value flexibility, inclusivity, and creating a space where every voice is heard.



grow
we're committed to taking your career to the next level because when you grow, we grow.



make an impact
we put bold ideas into action to create a better, safer tomorrow for our customers' communities. 








allstate and its family of brands are empowering change worldwide and realizing success together.


































our leaders understand that the world is changing fast and people need to adapt and learn new skills. allstate is committed to helping employees continuously develop and grow.
kelly
cloud engineer





i'm proud of building allstate's first bilingual unlicensed service team during my first assignment as a leader. it's an exciting opportunity for our employees to better serve our spanish-speaking customers.
xiomara
supplier manager liaison







everyone is encouraged to volunteer and give back however they can throughout the year. i enjoy giving back to the community and supporting the causes that are meaningful to me.
lisa
audit specialist








 < 
 > 


















collective success
how allstate employees are defining their workplace
january 5, 2024
read more








benefits that put you first

doing your best starts with feeling your best. our benefits support your mind, body and wallet so you can thrive in every part of your life.
view our benefits








explore our career areas
we work better, smarter and faster to make a difference in customers' lives. take a look at flexible opportunities that help you exceed your potential and deliver exceptional products.


sales
claims
technology


legal
data, research & strategy


product & business transformation
finance












are you ready to make an impact?
bring your unique experiences to our team and let's build a better future, together. 
search jobs
learn more about our hiring process.








let's stay in touch
tell us more about you, and when your skills match open roles, we'll notify you.
join our careers community


















it is the company's policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee's ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. this policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment.

effective july 1, 2014, under indiana house enrolled act (hea) 1242, it is against public policy of the state of indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the united states, a member of the indiana national guard or a member of a reserve component.
we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local fair chance laws.

to view the "know your rights" poster click here. this poster summarizes the federal laws prohibiting job discrimination and explains how employees or applicants can file a complaint if they believe they have experienced discrimination.








connect with us














site map
contact us
statements
privacy
accessibility
terms of use

©  allstate insurance company. all rights reserved.




















✖
not your zip code? update below.




zip code









city, state
set your location




oops! you have entered an invalid zip. please try again.


location data not available.  please enter zip code.




please wait...updating location...
it's taking a bit longer than expected. your update should be done soon.




this feature is not currently available.please try again later.
























ecc monitor: ok

