 monastey of the holy spirit – located in conyers georgia  skip to contenthomedirectionscontact ushomedirectionscontact us

 plan your visitday visitsgroup visitsabbey churchretreatsschedulesarabia mountain heritagedirectionsabout uscommunityhistorylay cisterciansphoto galleryjoin usto be a monkthe calldiscernmentformationmonastic guest programrecommended readingsq & asupportabbey tradesmonks’ bakerystained glassconservation burial groundonline storenews & eventshomiliesupcoming eventsmonastery news
plan your visitday visitsgroup visitsabbey churchretreatsschedulesarabia mountain heritagedirectionsabout uscommunityhistorylay cisterciansphoto galleryjoin usto be a monkthe calldiscernmentformationmonastic guest programrecommended readingsq & asupportabbey tradesmonks’ bakerystained glassconservation burial groundonline storenews & eventshomiliesupcoming eventsmonastery news
a place of peace
we all seek a place to help us push out the busy distractions and pressures of this world, a place where we can be restored.


learn more


a place of prayer
be inspired and gain a deeper appreciation of this sanctuary – a place that assists in communing with god.


learn more


a school of love
when you hear of early monks and their joyful labors, you’ll see into the hearts of those devoted men.


learn more


a day to remember
explore beauty and simplicity at the monastery of the holy spirit.


learn more


an ancient tradition
experience a day in the life of a monk and learn about the history of the monastic way of life at the historic museum.


learn more



welcome to the monastery of the holy spirit! we invite you to explore our site and visit our groundsto learn more about the monastic lifestyle.welcome to the monastery of the holy spirit! we invite you to explore our site and visit our grounds to learn more about the monastic lifestyle.come visitthe monastery is truly a destination for the entire family. shop, sample gourmet food or walk with nature. the monks welcome you to enjoy all the monastery has to offer!


read more

our offerings



 
prayer request





 
stained glass





 
retreats





 
conservation burial ground

online gift store 



 
visit store


eventsnothing currently scheduledsee all events latest news



prayers for our nation: a monastic perspective			in the serene surroundings of the monastery of the holy spirit in conyers, georgia, the monks continue their timeless tradition of intercession, offering prayers for our nation during moments of deep national reflection

read more »		



the passing of father tom francis			the passing of father tom francis smith, ocso. father tom francis smith, ocso, a monk and priest of the cistercian (trappist) monastery of the holy spirit in conyers, georgia, died peacefully this morning,

read more »		see all the newslinksplan your visitday visitsgroup visitsabbey churchretreatsschedulesarabia mountain heritagedirectionsabout uscommunityhistorylay cisterciansphoto galleryjoin usto be a monkthe calldiscernmentformationmonastic guest programrecommended readingsq & asupportabbey tradesmonks’ bakerystained glassconservation burial groundonline storenews & eventshomiliesupcoming eventsmonastery newsplan your visitday visitsgroup visitsabbey churchretreatsschedulesarabia mountain heritagedirectionsabout uscommunityhistorylay cisterciansphoto galleryjoin usto be a monkthe calldiscernmentformationmonastic guest programrecommended readingsq & asupportabbey tradesmonks’ bakerystained glassconservation burial groundonline storenews & eventshomiliesupcoming eventsmonastery news

 

facebook						givingin an increasingly turbulent world, we offer a renewing place of peace and prayer. the brothers and i remember you in our prayers. thank you for remembering us.



 
click here

contact
2625 highway 212 sw
conyers, ga 30094
(770) 483-8705
monday-saturday 10:00 am to 5:00 pm



 
contact us



 

 

facebook						 




