
















chris and david long's battle of wilson's creek,young brothers
massacre, missouri teen driving and teenage drivers









 
 


 welcome to chris and david's site

 
 





 southwest
missouri weather




  
chris
celebrates 40th birthday by skydiving 
 and
her 35th by whitewater rafting




 


civil war
battle of wilson's creek
(battle of oak hills)



clear lake massacre
(bloody island massacre)



 


young
brothers massacre


civil war -
35th georgia regiment csa



 


caddo, missouri and
the old wire road


missouri
ozarks history



 











   search
















 personal site containing numerous
individual themes maintained by the author. 
 

 
 battle of wilson's creek (oak hills) 
 - a free online book about the first major
missouri civil war battle. while by no means the largest of the war, it
was the second major battle of the civil war, and followed the union
defeat at bull run. this battle would see the first union general to
die, nathaniel lyon, and give the confederacy its second victory. while
losing the battle at wilson's creek, lyon would do enough
damage to the southern forces that would leave them unable to
capitalize on their victory and thus, as some would claim, save
missouri for the union. this free book is written entirely of first
hand accounts, with excerpts taken from diaries, letters, newspaper
articles and remembrances. additional content is added to help the
reader follow the battle time line. 
 
 the 35th georgia infantry regiment csa 
 - while not widely written about, the 35th
georgia was involved in most of the major civil war battles of the
east, beginning with seven pines and continuing to the surrender at
appomattox. fighting under such famous general's as robert e lee,
stonewall jackson, and a.p. hill, this regiment fought bravely for the
confederacy. this is a brief history and those who would like to follow
this regiments history more closely, i recommend the book by john j fox
called red clay to richmond, published june of 2004. 
 
 young brothers massacre 
 - i have wanted to post this old true crime
book on the internet for a very long time. only recently did i learn
the technology to do it and verify the copyright was clear. in 1932,
six police officers were gunned down near springfield, missouri in
greene county in one of america's worst law enforcement tragedies
attempting to apprehend two fugitives. months later, a missouri
district judge wrote a detailed and thorough account of the infamous young
brother's massacre in the hopes other law enforcement officers
would learn from this tragedy. originally only released to leo's, the
book now serves as a historical memorial to these six brave officers. 
 
 missouri history 
 - a passion for history and my home state of
missouri lead me to throw this page up containing links of interest for
other ozarks history buffs. 
 
 clear lake massacre 
 - the 1850 clear lake massacre of
northern california and its uncanny tie to southwest missouri. also
known as the bloody island massacre, this tragedy would bring a
young captain by the name of nathaniel lyon to the nation's attention.
11 years later, lyon would become the first union general to die in the
civil war when he would meet his fate on a small hill now known as
bloody hill. 
 
please feel free to poke around and visit a spell and hopefully we can
find something to keep you interested.










e-mail us
 /
 about us

