

 - carelinks ministries: homepage - carelinks - carelinks.net































homeaudiolinksabout uscontact us











get the bible companion, best free bible app.  full bible text of the nev [contemporary, modern english] with audio, deeper commentary on every verse, basic devotionals on every chapter, audio message on every chapter, youth message on all chapters, continuous play option for all audio files, reading planner, powerful search function, ad free, plus "bible basics" study course. no ads or popups. this app offers more features and resources, absolutely and genuinely free, than probably any other free bible app.   study the bible for yourself online with a personal tutor herefree hard copy nev bible with commentary here ; pdf file of nev bible with commentary bookmarked for bible companion readings here  list of material in non-english languages here 
welcome to carelinks.net, the official website of carelinks ministries!













sonia hemingray:
carelinks europe
refugee issues
 

steve & robin jones:
carelinks australia

robin & jean field:
carelinks u.k.



glen & helen pyper:
carelinks new zealand
 

clive solomon:
carelinks usa

leon shuker:
carelinks south africa



duncan & cindy heaster:
literature / welfare
preaching development
 
mark & lisa hawkinscarelinks western australia

jim & anne barton:
carelinks canada



john thatcher:
accounts australia
 
 







we're a network of christian believers world-wide who through careful study of the bible have come to conclusions that separate us from mainstream christianity. we believe in salvation by grace; eternal life on earth in the kingdom of god, to be established by the lord jesus christ at his return; in the lord jesus as god's son, but not "god the son" or a pre-existent jesus as taught in the common doctrine of the trinity, which we reject; in taking full responsibility for our sins, and not blaming any personal satan figure, whom we find nothing of in the bible; the bible being the inspired word of god we find no evidence there nor elsewhere for the existence of an immortal soul, 'hell' as a place of fire and torment etc (rather does 'hell' refer simply to the grave); and we urge people to do as the bible says and be baptized by full immersion in water. you can read more about us in the "about us" section.
we seek to spread bible knowledge world-wide, and seek to assist all who wish to be baptized into the saving name of the lord jesus. god blesses our work - we baptize a few hundred people each year, seeking to encourage them in turn to develop into independent churches or ecclesias. we also seek to care for our brothers and sisters, both practically and spiritually. this has involved us in producing and distributing literature in over 55 languages; holding online breaking of bread meetings; seeking to care for those who are the victims of islamic and other persecution because of their christian faith;  counselling alcoholics; and generally sharing god's grace and truth, both practically and doctrinally, to all the world. he is offering eternal life - and we wish to share that with everyone, and to follow through on the joys and responsibilities which come from having this wonderful hope.
 
help others in need

 you can download our audio talks from itunes and see our podcast here   all welcome to our lively church in south london uk! details here  carelinks bible radio
bible study 24/7 at www.r-b-c.org/listen.php    

   


join our mailing list
carelinks newsletters
"gospel news" magazine
links
about us / donations
search carelinks
online breaking of bread
books and articles
books by duncan heaster
living with alcoholism
къкво е евангелието?
audio talks / mp3
events
(caption missing)





missionary training programconscientious objectionex-christadelphian pagemissionary medical info




		all material on this website is copyright, all rights reserved.  © carelinks ministries 2002-2025
	














