







home ⋆ association of american boyers, inc.
























































		skip to content











					association of american boyers, inc.
				


				established 1904
			
 





main menu
 


home
about us
news
our resourcesmenu toggle

books
newsletters
memorial lists
gallery
external links


reunionsmenu toggle

upcoming reunions
past reunions


get involvedmenu toggle

7th edition index
memorabilia project
boyer music
boyer patents
military boyers
reunion media project


contact us




search for:





search
 



 

 
 







 









welcome to the association of american boyers official website! 











founded in 1904, the association of american boyers, inc. is an all-volunteer, non-profit organization. the mission of the association, as noted in its constitution, is to educate, hold reunions, and to foster, encourage, and develop the family spirit of the boyer people. we support this mission by cultivating family ties at reunions, and educating the boyer family through the publication of our histories and genealogical records.the first boyer family gathering was held on august 20, 1905, in a grove near christ (mertz) church at dryville, berks county, pa. the reunion was organized by the family of the late daniel w. boyer (3-az38) in honor of his widow, mrs. judith youse boyer. from this beginning, the gathering became an annual event, and quickly enlarged to include all boyer/beyer families, other name variations (35+) and their descendants.the intent of our website is to help you begin your journey or assist you with your research by providing you some directions along the road to your family’s origins.within this site you can find information on:history of the boyers (from the 1st edition of american boyers, 1915)name derivations that we recognize and researchour publications (books, newsletters, memorial lists), both past and presentgalleries (variety of images with video and audio planned)reunions, past and futureget involved – how you can help with a number of projects that are in the works.and more!the bottom line is that the association exists for your interest and through your help. please use the contact form here and let us know if we can provide assistance in your family journey. 







2024 boyer reunion is cancelled for this yearsorry for the late notice. a number of unexpected events has required that we cancel the reunion for this year. we are confidant that we will be able to have one next year. keep checking back on this website as information gets updated.  if you are interested in helping plan please let us know through the contact page or direct email as noted at the bottom of the page.  









				looking to our future, while providing a path to our past			

w.l. boyer






















website updateslook here for web site updates 







volume 8 updatelatest news on the publication of volume 8 of the 7th edition and more. 







american boyer indices projectwe can use your help! 







past reunions & memorabilia projectold photos? papers? stuff?  we may need it! 













				i do beseech you -
chiefly that i might set it in my prayers -
what is your name?			

tempest, act iii, sc i, ferdinand













 







association of american boyers, inc.emailamboyers@americanboyers.orgaddressp.o. box 363
jefferson, md 21755 


recent posts


2022 reunion
may 16, 2022


2021 reunion
april 6, 2021


2020 reunion
may 4, 2020


our new website
may 4, 2020


volume 8 and indices status
may 4, 2020


 

sitemapabout us
contact us
news
external links
get involved

7th edition index


our resources

books


reunions
 









						© 2025 | association of american boyers, inc. | powered by astra wordpress theme | terms & conditions |  colophon  







scroll to top


































