



























home | eastbayri.com - news, opinion, things to do in the east bay






































												subscribe
											




											    log in 


subscriber login
day pass login
calendar submission login




 



											tuesday, february 18, 2025										

 
 
 
 






 
 


 
 
 





				day pass log in
			








 
 

sign up for our newsletters

 
 
 






toggle navigation





					main menu				







							home
						



							our towns 



barrington


bristol


east providence


little compton


portsmouth


tiverton


warren


westport





								news								 


all


sports





								east bay life								 


book reviews


community calendar (events)


dig in (cooking)


fishing


life and death


life in the garden


the music scene


things to do!


weddings





								obits								 


recent obituaries


archived obituaries


place an obituary





								opinion								 


all


columns


letters


editorials





								classifieds								 


all


automotive


employment


home improvement


items for sale


real estate


yard sales


place an ad





								homes								 


new in the market


distinctive homes





								e-editions								 


this week's paper


special issues





								search															










					subscribe




					subscriber log in
				















the latest news



								east providence professional boxer looks to stay undefeated							





							proud townie elijah peixoto has a big fight coming up on saturday at foxwoods.						










portsmouth athletes compete in state indoor track meet

							portsmouth — the portsmouth high boys’ indoor track and field team finished eighth overall with 14 points during saturday’s  …  read more










ready for nationals: ‘he’s got it in the bag’ (video)

							chris sullivan will not be offended if you want to bag your own groceries.   

 the 22-year-old employee at barrington shaw’s  …  read more










child neglect, domestic assault top portsmouth police report

							portsmouth — here are some recent arrests made by the portsmouth police department: 

 tuesday, feb. 11 

 kirsten e. farthing,  …  read more












eagles open division i tournament tonight against bulldogs

							caleb satisfield was electric in the fourth quarter as he made four three-pointers and scored 16 of his career-high 30 points over the  …  read more










r.i. supreme court upholds man’s sex offender status

							portsmouth — a saunderstown man who was first arrested in 2014 after police said he touched two children inappropriately during a  …  read more










sakonnet to stockholm — local speaks at nobel ceremonies

							little compton native nancy clark, a sports nutritionist and president of the little compton garden club, recently took the trip of a  …  read more





			read more			



things to do ...







						bristol art museum opens new exhibit					


					the bristol art museum (bam) announces its 2025 national juried exhibition, rock, paper, scissors, which celebrates the transformative potential of materials and artistic processes that evoke  …				










						jazz for kids is feb. 20 at greenvale					


					greenvale vineyards will host the 23rd annual jazz for kids from 1 to 4 p.m. on thursday, feb. 20 part of the annual newport winter festival. greenvale’s jazz for kids program was created 24  …				










						providence children's museum unveils february fun-tastic week					


					providence children's museum (pcm) is celebrating school vacation week with eight days of special programming. from feb. 15 to 22, the museum will transform into a wonderland of discovery where young  …				







			see more here ...			



east bay social







 

















your community. your stories. your inbox.






				sign up for our free newsletter today!				












sponsored








real estate beyond the single-family home purchase


								as a real estate advisor, i’ve spent years helping others find their dream homes, but in 2024, i took a bold step toward becoming a mini real estate mogul. it all started when i stumbled upon a  …							






protect your property from a fraudulent sale


								my clients found the perfect parcel of land with stunning 360-degree water views, close to the beach. after extensive due diligence to ensure they could build their dream home, we moved toward  …							






how the change in leadership could impact rhode island’s real estate market


								with a trump return to the white house, many in rhode island are wondering how it might shape our real estate market. here’s a quick look at what this could mean for local property values and  …							






it’s october – is it still a good time to sell?


								the question on many homeowners’ minds this time of year: it’s october … is it still a good time to sell, or should i wait for next year? with rhode island’s current  …							












			read more ...			



obituaries






bruce mccarthy
				bruce edward mccarthy, of bristol, passed away peacefully surrounded by family on feb. 15, 2025.      bruce lived with leukemia the last 10 years of his life, always displaying immense courage, streng			







almerinda aguiar
				almerinda aguiar, 88, of warren, passed away unexpectedly on wednesday, february 5, 2025 at charlton memorial hospital in fall river, ma.   born in bristol, ri, she was the daughter of the late joseph			







veronica carreiro
				bristol|veronica "ronnie" b. correiro, of warren, passed away on tuesday, february 11, 2025, at the dawn hill home in bristol. she was a week away from her 99th birthday. she was the loving wife of th			



			see more obituaries here			


 












sports






huskies hoops notes: boys begin d-iii playoffs as top seed; girls are seventh seed in d-ii
				the mt. hope high school basketball teams entered their respective 2025 league championship tournaments this week from distinctly different angles, the boys as the no. 1 seed and favorite to win the  …			







fan ejected as tiverton girls beat mt. hope 51-44 
				tiverton girls’ basketball team beat mt. hope 51-44 in a physically played division 2 game on thursday night. the game was so tense that a fan was ejected for yelling profanities at the referees, according to coaches. 			







barrington boys just miss indoor track state championship repeat
				the barrington high school boys indoor track team came within 12.5 points of winning its second straight state championship.   

 at the riil indoor track state championship meet on saturday,  …			







portsmouth gymnasts take 2nd in state championship
				portsmouth — the portsmouth high school gymnastics team capped off its fine season by taking second place as a team in the division i state championships on saturday.			



			read more			






 















 




opinion

letter: ridot has been a source of continuing dysfunctionality
to the editor: 

 a recent projo and newport daily news article fails to point out that the proposed town center project proposed three roundabouts. in that situation, ridot sent a mr. smith to  …


letter: definition of ‘assault’ weapon is broad, misleading
to the editor: 

 first off, there are no "assault weapons" out there. that term was first coined back in 1984 by an anti-firearm group calling themselves handgun control, inc., and the term was  …


letter: domestic violence is an epidemic
to the editor: 

 this is in response to the recent stabbing. two women were attacked in our town. the alleged assailant lived with them and has multiple charges of domestic violence to his name.  …


letter: why move forward on something so divisive?
to the editor: 

 i am a barrington resident who has voted “yes” on every measure that supports our schools, except for the ballot initiative to install toxic artificial turf. 

  …





letter: i feel like i know him now
to the editor: 

 thank you for bringing will barbeau's story to the front page of the barrington times . you wrote it beautifully - i felt like i was in the room with you, hearing this wonderful  …



				read more				




your community. your stories. your inbox.






				sign up for our free newsletter today!				





























2025 by east bay media group

										barrington · bristol · east providence · little compton · portsmouth · tiverton · warren · westport				 
 


meet our staff
 


							jim mcgaw						
a lifelong portsmouth resident, jim graduated from portsmouth high school in 1982 and earned a journalism degree from the university of rhode island in 1986. he's worked two different stints at east bay newspapers, for a total of 18 years with the company so far. when not running all over town bringing you the news from portsmouth, jim listens to lots and lots and lots of music, watches obscure silent films from the '20s and usually has three books going at once. he also loves to cook crazy new orleans dishes for his wife of 25 years, michelle, and their two sons, jake and max. 
 


quick links
 


subscribe



											about us/contact us										



											advertise with us										



											place an obituary										



											terms of use										









 



 












