
































































times-news | breaking news | | read twin falls, id and idaho breaking news. get latest news, events and information on idaho sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















36°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



business



politics



state



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



cartoons



columnists




sports


high school



college



csi



bsu



outdoors



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



columns



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



wills toyota



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

wills toyota








36°
cloudy
























        
        
            beus re-appointed to jerome prosecutor position

sam beus gets to keep his job as prosecuting attorney after jerome county commissioners found a problem with beus' residency.

















        
        
            idaho girls basketball state brackets released, oakley top seed in 2a

oakley leads the eight district iv girls basketball teams headed to the state tournament after the brackets were released sunday.

















        
        
            first case of bird flu in nevada has idaho monitoring the virus

the first human case of bird flu in nevada was caught by a dairy worker earlier this week, marking it the state's first human case. 

















        
        
            woman said 2 armed men burst into her jerome house. what happened next?

elderly woman, with memory difficulties, recounts story of how 2 individuals broke into her jerome home and robbed her.

















        
        
            no. 8 csi softball winless in final day of florida trip

a battle against the nation’s top-ranked squad led to a winless saturday for no. 8 college of southern idaho softball.

















        
        
            twin falls girls wrestling rolls to district iv title

twin falls, with three individual champions, crushed the competition with 237.5 points en route to the 2025 district iv girls wrestling title. 

















        
        
            valley girls hoops top raft river in src true 2nd place game, jerome and carey also make state

valley girls basketball used an improbable comeback to defeat raft river in the src true second place game to make the state tournament. jerome and carey also qualified. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            jerome school district cuts 20 positions for next school year


















        
        
            woman said 2 armed men burst into her jerome house. what happened next?


















        
        
            confirmed ice arrests in blaine county have hispanic community on high alert















                
                the latest



















        
        
            south central idaho neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published in times-news 





















        
        
            south central idaho neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published in times-news 





















        
        
            south central idaho neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published in times-news 




















        
        
            snowpack

the median peak compares year-to-date precipitation.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            skijoring? it's extremely exciting




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            2025 idaho district iv girls wrestling championships




















        
        
            idaho prep girls hoops: 2025 snake river conference true second place game












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            csi hoops sweep colorado northwestern cc

college of southern idaho hoops, with each team in bumpy form, won on the same day for the first time since jan. 25.




















        
        
            5 magic valley winter sports teams named academic state champions

oakley led four magic valley schools with winter sports academic state championships with titles in 4a dance and 2a girls basketball, the idaho high school activities association announced friday.





















        
        
            girls basketball — twin falls vs. jerome | photos

the jerome tigers defeat twin falls 49-38 on thursday night, feb. 13, 2025, at jerome high school. 




















        
        
            no. 8 csi softball splits thursday's contests at florida southwestern

no. 8 college of southern idaho split contests on thursday at the paradise cove tournament in fort myers, florida.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            don’t make yourself sick: check out these tips to avoid foodborne illness

get healthy. according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention, foodborne illnesses affect 48 million americans each year.












partner








        
        
            the un‘friend’ly side of social media

get healthy. here are some helpful tips on how to keep your family and yourself safe online.












partner








        
        
            cardio + strength training = the ideal workout combination

get healthy. here’s an explanation of why strength training is so important, and how much of each component it might take to add up to the perfect workout.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            plumbline



                                        449 w. commercial, elko, nv 89801
                                    






 website






















        
        
            mountain america credit union



                                        117 w 400 s, salt lake city, ut 84101
                                    






















        
        
            black cat miles naylor



                                        1236 blue lakes blvd, twin falls, id 83301
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


print edition online

i love a deal

online features

amplified digital agency

caped scholars

magazines & events

get healthy




services


customer service

subscribe

activate

advertise

email alerts

contact us

about us

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        times-news, 132 fairfield st w twin falls, id 83301
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































