



  





home | stable close equine practice | winchester, hampshire





































            we use cookies to improve our site. you can find out more in our cookie guide.
            continue















stable close equine practice





(01962) 779111

a-
a
a+













menu



home


our team


our services

pre-purchase examination


radiology


ultrasonography


sports medicine


endoscopy


shockwave therapy


dentistry


gastroscopy


laser therapy


stud medicine




information

colic


strangles


castration


sarcoids


vetting


insurance




contact or find us

contact/find us


register


request an appointment


request a vetting


request a repeat medication


vetting disclaimer




newsletter


price list





 


















discover our services





stable close equine practice
in case of an emergency, you can contact us 24 hours a day on (01962) 779111. if your call is outside normal hours, you will be transferred to our duty vet, ensuring your horse receives prompt attention from a member of our dedicated team.
stable close equine practice is a 100% horse practice providing high-quality equine veterinary care across hampshire. we have a team of four full-time and 2 part-time experienced equine vets who focus on a wide range of disciplines from equine sports medicine and lameness to breeding and preventative medicine. we have clients as diverse as racing yards, top level dressage riders, riding schools and family ponies.
we have high-quality mobile digital x-ray systems, ultrasound scanners, respiratory endoscopes and gastroscope. we have invested heavily in state-of-the-art equipment which allows us to provide your horse with the best possible treatment at your yard whenever feasible.



stable close equine practice is part of the vetpartners group





contact us request appointment request a vetting register with us











our services
our practice provides high-quality equine veterinary care in hampshire with a team of four full-time equine vets. this section has more information about the services we offer such as radiology, ultrasound and stud work. 









information sheets
we have useful information sheets on a wide range of equine veterinary matters such as colic, strangles and sarcoids. they can also be downloaded as printable pdf files. 









information for clients
information for all clients about the nature and scope of our services including our terms of business and practice area.








stable close equine practice, bridgets farm, bridgets lane, martyr worthy, winchester, hampshire so21 1ar
			a proud member of the vetpartners family

terms and conditions  |  
				privacy policy   |  
				cookies   |  
				recruitment privacy



copyright © stable close equine ltd 2025
			design by powder blue ltd | built with bluefox


















