


brown bread ice cream























brown bread ice cream









22.7.06



	 
	 farewell, maria -- we'll miss you
	 
    


it's been almost a month since we moved into our cozy little hotel room and, sadly, our stay is coming to an end: we finally found an apartment. some might hate the transiency of it all, or feel that a hotel room could not possibly ever feel like home, but i beg to differ. hell, if my husband's company had offered to pay for a longer stay, i would have happily prolonged our search. the bed is big and so comfy, they put out a basket of the best cookies at the front desk in the evenings, and then there's maria, of course. maria always makes sure i've got enough coffee, microwave popcorn, and kitchen paper towels. i love kitchen paper towels; i find them incredibly extravagant--not that i go crazy and abuse my unlimited access to the paper towels in an environmentally unfriendly manner, of course.   in any case, my husband's company gave us exactly a month to find a place. thus, in the end, we were kind of forced to settle. the place we're moving into is way waaaaay too expensive. it's one storey above a busy eight-lane thoroughfare. and...there are these weird clouds of flies that permanently hang out in the lobby. my husband mocks me for objecting to the flies. they're just flies, he says. okay, no, they are not "just flies." flies are ordinarily drawn to garbage and things like that, right? but these flies--these massive dark thunderclouds of flies--just hover in the air, in a very scene-out-of-a-stephen-king-novel-made-into-an-hbo-made-for-television-movie kind of way. seriously. it's ominous and plain freaky. what do they want? all that aside, really i should be very grateful that we found anything at all. palo alto shop people might be nice about dogs but the apartments people are not. and, hey, after the dog pee at macy's incident, i can't say i blame them for not wanting all the potential hassles.also, i had forgotten how crazy americans are about the whole "credit history" thing. which is unfortunate--since my husband and i don't have any! we actually had our apartment application rejected initially. totally humiliating experience. one second, the leasing agent was all but clasping me to her pillowy bosom, crying, "welcome home!" (seriously), and the next, i was getting ear frostbite after an extremely chilly phone call informing me that our credit check had come back with unsatisfactory results. duh, woman, we just moved here from japan.not to get into the nitty-gritties, but eventually, we were rescued by a real estate company that will act as a guarantor of sorts--for a small fee, of course. which we very gratefully agreed to pay. makes me wonder though how other foreigners deal. at-&-bloody-t refused to give me a stinkin' phone line because i didn't have a social security number or a driver's license--one or the other; no substitutes. and verizon demanded a $400 deposit from my husband for cell phone service, after another of those pesky credit checks came back with not much to show. i'm telling you, i was practically holding my breath when i called the electricity company, wondering if they'd actually grant us impudent aliens a little light in our new home. thankfully, they were nice, so at least i won't have to head over to wal-mart for candles. 

   [more]





04:32
40 comments




14.7.06



	 
	 somewhat unreal
	 
    


sorry, sorry. everyone now thinks i'm in san francisco because of my last post and and then my lack of follow-up for weeks. remember that evil editing project that was sucking the life out of me right before the move? hmm, maybe i was being too life-sucked to even blog about it. well, it was taking up my time and it has continued to take up my time, since i got here. which is why i haven't been as free to blog and, oh, say, search for a place to live as i should have been. anyhow, we're not in san francisco, but close. well, 45-minutes-ish close. palo alto? you know, stanford university, google, silicon valley, etc. so, we've been here almost three weeks now and will probably be here for three years, at least. then back to japan. perhaps it's because i'm living in a hotel. or because i'm coming from a place that is so radically different, but palo alto feels...unreal. not in a good or bad way. it's just... take the weather: flawless blue skies and blinding sunshine, all day, every day, until about 8pm at night, when the sun finally begins a very languid descent. and it doesn't change ever, we've been told, except for like a month of scattered clouds and drizzles in december. unreal. also, with this kind of weather, you'd think the place would be nothing but scorched earth (i, myself, am in fear that a few more months of walking under this unrelenting sun and i'm going to bear a striking resemblance to clint eastwood). but no, everywhere you look, there are the lushest, sweetest-green lawns you could imagine. you know the movie "toys" with robin williams? sometimes this place reminds me of the outdoor scenes for that movie (remember the giant toy elephant perched in the grass, blowing soap bubbles out of its trunk?).right now, we're searching for a home, but we haven't had much luck. as i mentioned, we've been staying at a hotel, one that accepts dogs, and life is pretty luxurious at the moment: heated pool (if you don't mind that it's permanently roiling with wee noisy munchkins on summer vacation and, combined with that, is permanently heated to a disturbingly warm temperature), free breakfast, and a very nice lady named maria who cleans our room. we like maria, my husband especially. he's always pointing out to me maria's exemplary cleaning habits: "look at the way maria organizes the shampoo and conditioner bottles," he says, eyes glowing with approval. and, "ahh, it's so nice to come back to a clean house. i wish we could live here forever." i try to point out how exhausted poor maria looks some days, but that part doesn't seem to register with him. maria has one other problem: she's scared of edward. it doesn't help that he squeals and struggles in my arms like a rabid pig to get to maria so that he can get some lovin', but, essentially, i have to keep edward out of the room while she's cleaning. unfortunately, maria always comes at the hottest time of the afternoon, and so a walk is impossible. edward and i have thus taken to hanging out in the deserted hotel dining area, me working at my laptop, edward stretched out under the table while furtively lapping up crumbs embedded in the carpet.this is another unreal thing about palo alto: you can take your dog just about anywhere. we recently visited the stanford shopping center with edward in tow, and were peering through the window of the pottery barn, when another couple cooly strolled inside with their dog. another time, a security guard actually asked me to come into the store when he spotted edward and me waiting outside for my husband. how nice, right? but then... recently, still smiling at the sight of a bull terrier trotting through macy's with its owner, i walked over to a counter and stepped right in a huge, sloshy puddle--though it was more like a small lake; no, a sea; the parting of the yellow sea is what it quite literally felt like--of said bull terrier's pee. needless to say, it was totally gross. and so i now fully understand the pros and cons of a pet-friendly society.

   [more]





04:27
7 comments




12.7.06



	 
	 welcome to california
	 
    


well, we made it to and through san francisco international airport, edward and i. my husband headed out separately, commanded by the head of the us division of his company to go to new york, say hello, grovel a bit for this grand opportunity bestowed upon him, and then turn around and come back to california. it's an old-fashioned kinda company. the part i was most worried about--flying with edward--turned out to be a breeze. because it was a nine-hour trip from tokyo, i didn't want the little guy in cargo but i stressed a bit about the idea of him being stuck in his carrier bag for all that time. thankfully, he's small and quiet, and i don't think the flight crew even noticed he was tucked under the seat in front of me...so, i made quite a few bathroom trips, lugging a rather large "totebag" with me each time. i wonder if i looked a tad suspicious to my fellow travellers. ah well, at least edward got to stretch his legs every few hours in the little airplane lavatory. it was quite funny, just seeing him there.going through us customs with edward was also ridiculously easy. they asked me if i had any dog food, i said i did, they took it away from me, and then they told me i could go. i was like, "don't you even want to see my dog? or his health certificate?" and they were like, "no. hey, say congratulations to bob, here. he just got a promotion." congratulations, bob.

   [more]





09:18
10 comments




26.6.06



	 
	 one week to go
	 
    


looks like i won't be able to blog at length until i get to california, and it has nothing to do with being busy preparing for the move and everything to do with a cruel, unsympathetic colleague who's putting preposterous work demands upon me before i leave japan.quick summation: mad daily deadlines aside, we're pretty much all set, thanks to my wonderful husband, who has had to handle almost all the arrangements. as payback, he says i have to handle everything once we're on english-speaking soil again. he's taking advantage of my currently apologetic state. and i feel bad enough to let him. last week: got edward microchipped. to enter japan, your dog must have a microchip that's iso 11784 or 11785 compliant (in case anyone's confused, we had to get this done in preparation of our return to japan in a few years). got a bit worried the night before the chipping, but a quick online search reassured me that it's nothing worse than getting a vaccine and most dogs don't seem to mind. then we got to the vet and she started saying things about big needles, blood, and it being best if i stayed out in the waiting lounge while they inserted the microchip. after an increasingly tense 45-minute wait, the vet, face strangely flushed, finally stumbled through a door and ushered me into one of the rooms. my eyes instantly fell upon edward, who lay in a defeated slump on the examination table. (his normal response to those tables is to climb the nearest available person to get off it or simply take a flying leap, never mind that for his height, that must be the equivalent of a free-fall off the brooklyn bridge.) another nurse was pressing some gauze to a spot near his shoulders and it came away bright with blood. then i saw the needle itself. it was big--2mm wide, the vet said. i think edward thought so too and tried his best to protest--hence, the red-faced vet. we then had to wait another hour, back in the lounge, with edward collapsed on the couch beside me like a deflated soup dumpling. when a fat corgi waddled in and edward's ears didn't even prick, i almost thought they'd drugged him. he remained in this shell-shocked state the rest of the day. when i took a break from work in the evening, i turned to find edward huddled against the couchand finally had to launch a vulture hand puppet (one of his toys) attack, to coax him out of the land of the impossibly betrayed. he's fine now. and he beeps, like an item getting price-checked at walmart, when you hold a microchip scanner over his back. it's rather funny in a totally exploitive way.

   [more]





11:30
8 comments




8.6.06




i promise that the next post will be about the move to california. unfortunately, i'm going to be up yet again (see previous post) at 5am tomorrow, this time for an interview to get my american visa, so i have to finish up my work and try for at least four hours of sleep tonight. since there's no barium involved, i'm almost looking forward to getting grilled. 

   [more]





23:39
1 comments







	 
	 what happened with the barium
	 
    


i wanted to blog about what happened with the barium-drinking yesterday after i got home, but was totally monopolized by work. okay, i was also monopolized by the couch for a while, because i'd woken up at 5:30 that morning in order to walk edward and then get to the clinic in time for the health check. which meant i'd only had two hours of sleep, half of which i lost to in-bed agonizing. i was slightly comforted when edward and i stepped outside to discover the most gorgeous weather in full bloom. although i'm never awake to enjoy it, i love the slow, private feeling of early morning. i decided then and there to make a habit of waking up at 5am after i turn 60. the hour-long train ride brought all the stress right back. i was with my husband, whose "don't be a baby" pep talks only confirmed that i'd be getting no assistance from his corner. i hunkered down, feeling tense, alone, and really quite thirsty since i'd been told not to drink anything after nine the night before. i waffled for a little bit, telling myself there had to be some way out of this, then trying to talk myself into accepting that i had to do it. but inexorably, my fear gained firm and total control. the barium-water suspension (in a now super big gulp sized tankard) i kept trying to picture myself swallowing had morphed from the consistency of milkshake to plaster of paris. i'd once made a mask of someone's face with plaster of paris and i remember how fast it set. i imagined the barium congealing halfway down my throat.   i could do this. i had to do it. but then i thought: no, i bloody well do not have to do it. people have died from refusing blood transfusions and chemotherapy, and maybe refusing was the wrong choice, but it was their choice to make. suddenly the expression "pick your battles" popped into my head and, worthy or not, i picked: there'd be no drinking of barium for me today. a dozen scenarios played in my head as i tested out my limited japanese, trying to formulate the most articulate, effective argument i could present to the staff at the clinic. i quickly nixed the idea of sobbing out a heartrending plea and prostrating myself before a stony nurse. (i don't know why, but all the nurses i've ever encountered in japan have been stony, both in heart and facial expression, which utterly baffles me since why would an uncaring person choose a line of work in which it's practically your job to care?) i tried out calm, lucid, and reasonable, but found it difficult to maintain this facade when my only defense was: "i can't swallow thick, creamy drinks." eventually, i stopped rehearsing and just told myself i'd stick to my guns, no matter what. i wouldn't worry about being polite and accommodating for once. i would stand up for myself. finally we were exiting the train, me all grim-faced determination. and then, after a short wait in the clinic reception area, my moment arrived, my battle, and i made myself squarely face the nurse holding my chart. me: [pleasant but firm] excuse me, is the part of the exam that requires drinking barium absolutely necessary?nurse: no.husband: [surprised, almost disappointed at my reprieve, the stinker] really?nurse: totally up to you. of course since the nurse was speaking in formal japanese, her response took several pages longer to get out. but the above was the essence of it. god, you would not believe the relief that just about caused my chest to cave in at that moment. admittedly, as far as battles went, it was a pretty pitiful one. not even sure one could call it a "battle." but i'd won. i wouldn't have to choke down, or puke up, barium. i was the happiest girl in the whole world.

   [more]





21:28
13 comments




6.6.06



	 
	 rescue me
	 
    


i'll be leaving japan at the end of this month and living in california for a few years. husband's getting transferred. before anyone starts screaming "why didn't you tell me before?"--we were only informed about the move last week. and it's been a bit 'o madness around here, what with procuring all the necessary documents, sorting out our apartment, deciphering animal import/export regulations, and everything else. that news out of the way, all i can say is: i don't want to drink barium! (just so you know how upset i am about this, i almost put three exclamation marks at the end of the previous sentence.) i've never liked my husband's company for all sorts of reasons, but i've, as much as possible, withheld my opinions because he gets rather sensitive when i defame that hallowed establishment. well, this time they go too far. i honestly do not understand why--since i sure as hell am not one of theirs--but they are insisting that i get a full health check before we move, and this health check includes a barium swallow. without knowing much at all about the procedure, all my life, i've felt this is something that i would avoid at all costs. now that i have to do it (tomorrow), i've of course tortured myself by reading everything i can find on the ordeal.my husband--and probably many of you, upon reading this post--thinks i'm being a sniveling, wussy cocktail wiener. what he doesn't realize is that this isn't me being what he categorizes as typically contrary, noisy, and difficult. this is me trying my best to tamp down full-blown terror.   i can, in fact, quietly and calmly withstand a fair amount, in terms of medical tests: needles, invasive procedures, all that good stuff. i'm also unfussy where food is concerned. but what i cannot handle is drinking thick, creamy substances. it isn't just the gag factor, the roiling nausea; the thought of it actually makes my innards squidge and my throat close up in a serious panic. insects, animal entrails, heads, hoofs, claws--fine, serve me up a plate. but mayonnaise, banana smoothies, creamy yogurt--*shudder*. and still, if i took it a teaspoon at a time, i could manage to down those things.but tomorrow's x-ray is going to require fast gulping of large quantities (two to three cups) of barium mixed with water to a dense, "milkshake-like consistency," some of it done while lying down. i can't do it! all of a sudden, i'm recalling those fluoride treatments at the dentist that used to make me all but hyperventilate with fear as a child. the dentist would insist that i bite down "harder" on the trays filled with creamy, sweet fluoride, and when i obeyed, the fluoride would gush over the sides and start filling my mouth, flowing toward the back of my throat. breathe. deep breaths.     this must be a phobia, right? i mean, if i step back from the situation, i can see that my reaction is verging on extreme. but, a phobia of what?, you might be wondering with some derision: too much sour cream with my borscht? strawberry malts? as unappealing as such things are to me, it's more... a fear of being choked, of drowing in viscous substances. it's a phobia--it's not supposed to be logical.  why, why do i have to have a health check, i ask you? if the company is worried about liability, i'll happily sign a release form, promising i won't cause them any trouble if i fall sick and/or die while overseas. why am i even their responsibility? i'm just a wife, and a non-japanese one at that. who gives a damn about my esophagus and intestines? if i start screaming when the nurse advances on me with a large tumbler of barium, will the doctor put a big red x on my report, deny me permission to leave japan? for the love of god, this seems so antiquated--surely they could come up with less-crude methods. well, obviously not in time to save me from tomorrow.

   [more]





12:55
76 comments






























about



contents
gallery
japanese-y
noteworthy
out and about. . . .
posts on this page

farewell, maria -- we'll miss you
somewhat unreal
welcome to california
one week to go
what happened with the barium
rescue me




. . . .











farewell, maria -- we'll miss you


this is why everyone says that "building credit" is important. bah.  even though i can parrot this advice, i have yet to take it myself, so i have also been subject to the same kinds of remonstrations as you regarding the lack of a credit history. and since i don't drive, i don't even have a "gas card" whatever that means, which apparently helps. nor do i have a television or a cell phone (number), which also causes a lot of suspicion. come to think of it i find it hard to believe that i live in the us, all that considered. in any case, i got round those problems when renting my current apartment via the equally quaint procedure of "character references." my landlord who is very very old and very old-school (but not old-school enough to forego background checks) asked me for some people he could call to ensure that i was a "good person." i thought that was funny. evidently (or i should probably say fortunately) i passed. but that was only because the people he called up told all kinds of untruths about my "character." ha ha.


my mom had the same problem when she got divorced, all the credit was built in my fathers name so when he moved out and she tried to change the name on the phone bill the called back and said that she couldn't because she had no credit. i built my credit history by getting no fee credit cards at weird places - the bay, pier 1, canadian tire, etc. i never use them but it seems to have worked. i was offered a real life visa card the other day.


hey, cheer up! :) it may be a start of something new for you, though i know you're going to miss some few essential things.


so how are things going now? :) hope you are all doing fine.


hi constance, things are going better now -- thanks for asking! i keep meaning to blog, and i will soon. i'm scared if i don't, blogger.com is going to shut me down... or whatever it is they do to inactive blogs. hi everyone else, i'm sorry, i'm usually so much better at responding to comments but things have been busy, as i'm sure you guessed! i think writing replies now would probably be too late. sorry!   from  rachel


hey, rachel, it's okay. a little update here and there will do.


sounds like quite an ordeal. i know how much of a hassle the credit check thing can be.


i felt the same way when i moved to my new place. no lights and everthing. and everybody just so mess up. i hope you and your husband will soon be able to adjust to a new place and environment.


my mom too had the sadme problem when she got divorced, all the credit was built in my dads name so when he moved out. we had a hard time  adjusting to it. it gave us all the hassle in the world you can think of.


how is it goin this time? waiting for your new post.


yup bulding a credit is important, having a credit history would let know the banks or services that you can pay or not on the services that you'll be acquiring..


no more new posts? how are you? i have been reading your blog entries but my first time to comment because i am eager to know how are things going for you and your husband. post soon. ciao!


hi shore, thanks so much for writing!i know, i haven't blogged in...almost half a year, or close to that. i don't know what happened. i suddenly found myself with absolutely nothing to write about--indication of my blissfully uneventful life, i guess. but no, if you've read my blog before, you know that i can write about utter non-events quite happily. i do miss writing though. when i get the chance, i'll try to post, i promise.   from  rachel


what a drag!  i always find it a mystery that negative things can get on your history in a second (and sometimes unsubstantiated) and yet to get them off takes a minimum of 6 weeks!


hi! i stumbled on your blog a few days ago while searching for tips on starters and quickbreads and got kind of addicted.  love your writing and hope you resume blogging someday.  just wanted to let you know i have been enjoying your blog.


hi monkey,thank you for the kind words. i have been thinking a lot about blogging lately. this blog needs a serious overhaul, though!


yay!  resume blogging!  why does the site need an overhaul?


monkey, there are lots of weird things going with this blog--due to neglect, most likely--like broken links, hacks that don't work anymore, weird spacing, etc. took me forever just to figure out how to comment on my own blog! well, we'll see....


for what it's worth, i really didn't notice those things when i read through your archives.  sure some links didn't work anymore, but it's impossible to expect them all to still be functional years later.  i wouldn't worry too much about it because it would be crazy and no fun to have to go through all of your old entries periodically and check that kind of thing.  i definitely don't plan on doing that kind of maintenance with my own blogging and hope most people understsand.  but that is because i am lazy...


sad to hear all about your credit stuff. hope you'll getting all this mesh behind in the future.


hang on there. it's going to get better over time :)


ciao. per consulenza in italia food tecnology


just wanted to know if you would be open to selling advertising on your blog to related food stores. if yes, please get in touch with me as i would be interested in buying an ad. i could not find an email address on your blog which is why i am commenting here. please feel free to delete this comment. thank you!


so if ice cream is made with brown bread then it is super healthy yes? my diet starts tomorrow


i got the same  credit issues too.


need new glasses? go to glassesusa-dot-com and get 25% off on any pair of glasses! use this coupon code:letour


this comment has been removed by the author.


i'm trying to reach the writer of this blog but cannot find a way to send a note! i'm new to the blogosphere...how do i submit a private note?george tebrescogt@myfoodrecruiter.com


yeap that's right!she will be missed!


i came across your blog today and enjoyed it. is it ok if we re-post some of your entries in our newsletter? i just think a lot of the food and beverage people who visit our community would like reading some of your posts, even though they are mainly industry professionals, they are still ‘foodies’.  let me know. :) neilesh


شركة مكافحة حشرات بالرياضشركة مكافحة حشسرات بالرياضشركة مكافحة النمل الابيض بالرياضشركة مكافحة الفئران بالرياضشركة مكافحة الصراصير بالرياضشركة مكافحة حشرة البق بالرياضشركة نقل  وتخزين اثاث وعفش بالرياضشركة نقل اثاث وعفش بالرياضشركة تخزين اثاث وعفش بالرياض


we can mention  cleaning of villas in riyadh which provides a lot of services and special features in the city of riyadh, as well as other cleaning operations such as homes and others. the first objective is to comfort customers and earn their trust no matter what the cost, while ensuring the quality of services provided and the completion speed is easy, safe and the latest and best ways.شركة غسيل موكيت بالرياضشركة تنظيف بالرياض رخيصه -شركة تنظيف بالرياض مجربه-شركة تنظيف بالرياض-افضل شركة تنظيف بالرياض  - خصم 50%- ركن كلين للخدمات المنزلية


شركة مكافحة النمل الابيض بالرياضشركة مكافحة الصراصير بالرياضشركة مكافحة الفئران بالرياضشركة مكافحة الحمام بالرياضشركة رش دفان  بالرياضشركة رش مبيدات بالرياض شركة رش مبيدات بالخرج


thanks for sharing this awesome contenttop 10 biography health benefits bank branches offices in nigeria dangers of ranks in health health jobs in nigeria recruitment opportunities  scholarship jobs latest job career opportunities  job vacancies recruitment  career opportunities  jobs online  jobs by jobzilla nigerian jobs latest news


شركة كشف تسريات المياه بنجرانشركة تنظيف بخميس مشيطشركة تنظيف منازل بخميس مشيطشركة تنظيف خزانات بخميس مشيطشركة كشف تسربات المياه بخميس مشيطشركة مكافحة حشرات بخميس مشيطشركة رش مبيدات بخميس مشيطشركة نقل اثاث بخميس مشيطشركة عزل أسطح بنجران


شركة مكافحة حشرات بالقطيفشركة مكافحة حشرات بالدمام شركة تنظيف موكيت بالخبر  شركة تنظيف موكيت بالقطيف شركة تنظيف موكيت بالدمامشركة تنظيف فلل بالقطيفشركة تنظيف فلل بالخبرشركة تنظيف فلل بالدمامشركة تنظيف شقق بالدمام


شركة تنظيف شقق بالخبرشركة تنظيف شقق بالقطيفشركة تنظيف منازل بالقطيفشركة تنظيف منازل بالخبر شركة تنظيف منازل بالدمام


شركة تنظيف منازل بجازانتنظيف خزانات بجازانشركة تعقيم  منازل شركة مكافحة حشرات بجازانتنظيف شقق بجازان شركة تعقيم فلل بجازان شركة عزل خزانات بجازان


 تركيب طارد الحمام بجازان شركة عزل اسطح بجازان تنظيف منازل بالرياض تعقيم منازل بالرياض شركة عزل بالرياض


this is why everyone says that "building credit" is important. bah. even though i can parrot this advice, i have yet to take it myself, so i have also been subject to the same kinds of remonstrations as you regarding the lack of a credit history. and since i don't drive, i don't even have a "gas card" whatever that means, which apparently helps. nor do i have a television or a cell phone (number), which also causes a lot of suspicion. come to think of it i find it hard to believe that i live in the us, all that considered. in any case, i got round those problems when renting my current apartment via the equally quaint procedure of "character references." my landlord who is very very old and very old-school (but not old-school enough to forego background checks) asked me for some people he could call to ensure that i was a "good person." i thought that was funny. evidently (or i should probably say fortunately) i passed. but that was only because the people he called up told all kinds of untruths about my "character." ha ha.


somewhat unreal


eww, mall dog-pee. still it is nice that the entire city doesn't have the same hatred for all things furry that most others do. i remember being amazed when i was allowed to take meeka into the bank. i think there's only one though.i am so glad you're settling in, i've been holding back emailing you cause i was sure you were going to be way too busy. ha, the reprise is at its end.


oh my gosh, you don't have to stop emailing me because i'm busy! email away.   from  rachel


yea. i would agree with you. dog free community also has it drawbacks. next be careful not to step on anything. take care.


nice article, thanks.


this comment has been removed by the author.


شركة مكافحة النمل الابيض بالرياضشركة مكافحة الصراصير بالرياضشركة مكافحة الفئران بالرياضشركة مكافحة الحمام بالرياضشركة رش دفان  بالرياضشركة رش مبيدات بالرياض شركة رش مبيدات بالخرج


شركة تنظيف منازل بالرياضشركة تنظيف سجاد بالرياضشركة تنظيف ستائربالرياضشركة غسيل كنب بالرياض2________شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالرياض شركة غسيل مكيفات بالرياضشركة تنظيف مكيفات سبليت بالرياض شركة تنظيف مكيفات بشمال الرياض3________كشف تسربات المياه بالرياضشركة كشف تسربات المياه بالرياضافضل شركة كشف تسربات المياه بالرياض 4________شركة نقل اثاث بالرياضشركة نقل عفش بالرياضافضل شركات نقل اثاث بالرياض


welcome to california


yay! you're back blogging! hey isn't san fransisco a city that you've lived in before? the triumphant return then.


welcome to san francisco...hopefully you're living just outside the fog zone...


lol  from  anonymous


this comment has been removed by the author.


great wordpress blog here.. it’s hard to find quality writing like yours these days. i really appreciate people like you! take care


 شركة تنظيف كنب بالقطيف شركة تنظيف كنب بالخبر شركة تنظيف كنببالقطيف شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-الفئران-بالدمام شركة-رش-حشرات-بالدمام شركة-مكافحة-النمل-الأبيض-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-النمل-الأبيض-بالخبر


 مكافحة-النمل-الابيض-بالدمام شركة-تنظيف-بيارات-بالخبر شركة-تنظيف-بيارات-بالدمام شركة-شفط-بيارات-بالقطيف شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالاحساء شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالقطيف شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالجبيل شركة-تنظيف-بالجبيل


 شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-براس-تنورة شركة-تنظيف-بالخبر شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالخبر شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-بالدمام شركة-تنظيف-بالدمام شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-بالجبيل شركة-شفط-بيارات-بالقطيف شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-براس-تنورة


 شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-بالدمام شركة-عزل-اسطح-بالجبيل شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-النامس-بالدمام-والخبر شركة-نقل-عفش-بالدمام شركة-دهانات-وترميمات-بالدمام شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-بالخبر


 شركة-نقل-عفش-بالخبر شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-بالخبر شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-بالجبيل شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالدمام شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالخبر شركة-عزل-اسطح-بالدمام شركة-عزل-اسطح-بالخبر شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالجبيل


one week to go


edward looks sooooooooo damn cute! very "woe is me, can't believe she did me in, dammit, im too cool for this, i'm so poor thing." he's seriously adorable.gosh, is it only a week left? there must be so much shit to do :-( all the best with the move and 'see' you soon when you get to cal.gg


awww - poor edward!  i've been sent to the waiting room before and i hate it!  on one occasion i could actually hear my cat crying... no, howling.  i can't imagine how it must be to have kids!  good luck with your move and with finishing up your job.  it will all be behind you soon!  from  cathy


oh the poor honey - that face!  from  the b


hey there babe!wow... seems like you got quite a plateful there. poor poor edward! breaks yr heart when they sulk in the corner whimpering slightly and looking at you with mournful betrayed eyes, doesn't it? however, i have to tell you that much as feel for edward, your little excerpt on edward getting priced got to me bad. i'm still rolling on the floor. chaos aka tickles


awwww.. poor lil edward! he looks so adorable, though...


i just found your blog, and what a wonder it is!  but edward ... oh my goodness, i could eat him up with a spoon!  i have a mini-dachsie, too, but mine is a smooth-haired one.  aren't they the sweetest dogs ever??


hi tania, i feel terrible writing this but i've pretty much given up on blogging, though i still get alerts when new comments come in. thanks so much though for dropping by.


however, i have to tell you that much as feel for edward, your little excerpt on edward getting priced got to me bad. i'm still rolling on the floor.شركة مكافحة النمل الابيض بحائلشركة مكافحة حشرات بحائلشركة مكافحة النمل الابيض بخميس مشيط





شركة مكافحة حشرات بخميس مشيطتستخدم ماكينات حديثة ومطورة ومستوردة من الخارج وذلك حتى تلاؤم جميع أنواع عمليات الرش والتي تعمل علي إبادة الحشرات وذلك حتى يتم عملية الرش بنجاح كما أن الشركة متخصصة في رش المبيدات علي مستوي المملكة وبأفضل معاير المكافحة العالية كما أن الشركة شركة الشرق الاوسط شركة مكافحه حشرات بحائل تعمل دائما لتقديم ما هو أفضل للعميل والسعي الدائم وراء التقدم والوصول إلي أحدث الأساليب والمعدات والمبيدات الحشرية حتى تقوم بأفضل النتائج بدون وجود أي أثار جانبية كما جميعا نعلم ما هي الحشرات ومدي ضررها ووجودها فجميعنا نعلم أن الحشرات مختلفة الأنواع من الطائر شركة تنظيف بالظائف ومنها الزاحف وهما ما يشملوا النمل والصراصير وبق الفراش والسحالي والبراصي والعناكب الضارة وغيرها بالكثير من الحشرات المختلفة التي تتواجد في بعض المنازل شركة مكافحة الربيه بجازان تنتشر في الكثير من الأماكن وتعتبر من الحشرات الشائعة لذلك تعمل شركة مكافحة حشرات بنجران علي الاهتمام بهذا الموضوع من كل الجوانب وذلك للتخلص بشكل سليم وبدقة من جميع الحشرات دون أي أضرار أو أي من المشاكل نبين لكم مثال من الحشرات وكيفية التخلص من الفئران وهي الطريقة التي توضحها شركة الشرق الاوسط شركة نقل اثاث بالطائف


what happened with the barium


i love this post. it is so demented. (sorry if that was rude.)


hi em, you weren't being rude--this post *is* rather demented, and totally representative of my frame of mind that day. because that's what a close brush with barium can do to a person. glad you liked the post!  from  rachel


nice blog, very informative contents you have... i also have similar like this, would you mind if i ask you for a link exchange? regards...


i liked your way of presenting the ideas. loved this post. thanks for posting.


افضل شركة تنظيف بجازانتقدم شركة الشرق الاوسط خدمات تنظيف بجازان حيث اننا تميزنا باعمال التنظيف بجميع انواع ومراحل التنظيف وتعد انواع خدمات شركة الشرق الاوسط شركة تنظيف بجازان ومنها تنظيف الشقق المفروشة والخالية من العفش والاثاث فاعمال تنظيف شقق خالية من الاثاث تتمثل في القيام بتنظيف الشقق بشكل كامل حيث اننا نمتلك المعدات والالات الحديثة المساعة على اتمام اعمال التنظيف وتشمل تنظيف وجلي وتلميع الارضيات السيراميك والبروسلان وتنظيف الارضيات الباركية الخشبية وكذلك تنظيف النوافذ والدرايش وتلميع الابواب الخشبية وكذلك الابواب الحديد ومن هنا نعمل نحن شركة الشرق الاوسط كافضل شركة نظافة منازل بجازاننعمل دائماً على استخدام افضل المواد التي تساعدنا على تنفيذ اعمالنا في تظيف المنازل على افضل صورة ممكنه وايضاً نقدم خدمات تنظيف الشقق والمنازل والفلل والبيوت المفروشة بالاثاث والمفروشات ويشمل تنظيف وتلميع الارضيات الباركية والارضيات السيراميك والارضيات البورسلان وتشمل اعمال تنظيف الشقق المفروشة اعمال تنظيف وتلميع الاثاث والمفروشات ومنها تنظيف المجالس وتنظيف السجاد شركة تنظيف موكيت بابهاوتنظيف الستائر وخلافة من مفروشات واثاث منزلي وكذلك نقوم بتلميع الاثاث مثل غرف النوم والصالون واخشاب الاثاث كما اننا نقدم خدمات تنظيف الشقق وتنظيف المجالس وتنظيف الخزانات وتنظيف الفلل وتنظيف القصور.................................................................................................  شركة مكافحة حشرات بابهاشركة الشرق الاوسط نقدم لكم اليوم عملائنا الأعزاء بعض المعلومات عن شركة مكافحة الحشرات بابها وهي التي تعمل علي مكافحة الحشرات بشكل هائل كل نعلم عن تواجد الحشرات في بعض الأماكن التي نتعايش بها وجمعيا نعمل دائما بالتخلص من تلك الحشرات واليوم تقدم لكم شركة مكافحة حشرات بابهاعن جميع الخدمات للتخلص من جميع أنواع الحشرات ونعلم جميعا أن الحشرات بشكل عام تشمل الصراصير وأيضا الفئران ومنها أيضا الذباب والناموس والنمل وحشرة البق والهاموش والكثير من أنواع الحشرات وكل تلك أنواع الحشرات باشملها تسبب لنا جميعا الكثير من الأضرار والكثير من الأمراض أيضا المتنقلة ولذلك تعمل شركة مكافحة الحشرات بابها علي حل كل تلك المشكلات والتخلص من جميع الحشرات بشكل أمن وتعتبر مهمة شركتنا هو القضاء التام علي الحشرات في من مهمات شركة مكافحة الربية بمحايل عسيروالتي تقدمها لجميع عملائها وبخدمات دائما ومتجددة . كما أن شركة مكافحة حشرات بجازان لديها جميع الإمكانيات المتوفرة والمجهزة للتوفير الدائم إلي كافة المتطلبات كما أن شركة مكافحة الحشرات لديها أيضا إمكانيات عالية في تواجد بها أفضل المبيدات وأفضل مواردها وبأفضل الشراء من الأماكن العالمية والتي تكون تحتوي علي أفضل المواد وتحتوي علي الدقة العالية شركة مكافحة حشرات بالظائف


النمل الأبيض يعرَّف النمل الأبيض بكونه مجموعة من الحشرات آكلة السليولوز ة، كما ويشار إليه باسم "النمل الأبيض" كونه لا ينتسب إلى فصيلة النمل العادي، بصرف النظر عن أن نظامه الاجتماعي يتماثل مع الإطار المخصص بالنمل والنحل، ويرى العلماء أنّ صنف النمل الأبيض أكثر قربا إلى فئة الصراصير زيادة عن النمل العادي، ولذا يتم تصنيف النمل الأبيض إلى أسرة شبكيات الأجنحة . مستعمرات النمل الأبيض يقطن النمل الأبيض في العادة في مستعمرات جماعية تحت الأرض، حيث تنقسم الحياة في تلك المستعمرات لثلاثة طبقات رئيسية وهي: طبقة العمال، وطبقة الجنود، وطبقة المنتجين من الملكات والملوك المسؤولون عن عمليات التكاثر، حيث تتسم طبقة النمل العامل بكونها غير مرئية سوى إذا تم اكتشافها في النبش في الخشب، فهي تتغذى على الخشب وتسبب أضراراً فيه، وتجدر الإشارة أنّ تلك الفئة تقطن لنحو خمس سنين، فضلا على ذلك أنهم يتميزون بكونهم ذو رؤوس صفراء وفك هائل، ويصل طول النملة التي تعمل نحو 0.63 سم، أما طبقة الجنود، فتتميز بأنّ عددهم أقل، ووظيفتهم هي حراسة المستعمرة في وضعية الانقضاض الخارجي، حيث يستعمل الجنود فكهم للمدافعة، أما فيما يتعلق لطبقة الملكات والملوك، فتتميز باللون البني الداكن أو الأسود، وتمتلك زوجين من الأجنحة الشفافة ذات طول متساوٍ، كما أنّ تلك الطبقة هي المسؤول الأوحد عن التكاثر في المستعمرة. أكثر أماكن انتشار النمل الأبيض يتوزع النمل الأبيض على مدى واسع، كونه يتضمن على 2750 نوع مغاير، وخصوصاً في الغابات الاستوائية المطيرة على مستوى العالم، حيث يتواجد في أمريكا التي بالشمال، وخصوصاً في فانكوفر وكولومبيا، كما يتواجد على ساحل المحيط الهادئ، وشرق كندا، وساحل المحيط الأطلسي، والعديد من الدول الأوروبية وكوريا الجنوبية وشمال اليابان وجنوب أفريقيا وأستراليا ونيوزلندا، وغيرها العديد من الدول. تركيب جسد النمل يمكن مفاضلة النمل الأبيض من الأشكال الأخرى من الحشرات، بواسطة الحذر لتركيبة جسده، حيث يتميز بعدة أمور ومنها: امتلاك النمل الأبيض جسد مستطيل، حيث إنه لا لديه أي خصر في ترتيب جسده. امتلاك النمل الأبيض قرون استشعار مستقيمة. امتلاك النمل الأبيض أجنحة متساوية الشكل والحجم، كما تتميز أجنحتها بكونها أطول من جسمهاطرق مكافحة الصراصيرشركة مكافحة النمل الابيض بخميس مشيطشركة مكافحة حشرات ببريدة


افضل شركه تنظيف فلل بالرياضخدمه نظافه البيوت بالباحهشركة تنظيف الخزنات بالباحهشركة تنظيف مكيفات بالرياضشركة تنظيف مكيفات اسبلت بالرياضشركة صيانة مكيفات بالرياضشركه غسيل مكيفات بالرياضشركة تركيب مانع الحمام بالرياضشركة تركيب طارد حمام بالرياضشركة مكافحة الحمام بالرياض


افضل  شركة تنظيف بيوت بالرياض افضل  شركة تنظيف بالرياض مجربةافضل  شركة تنظيف بالرياض عمالة فلبينيةافضل شركات النظافة بالرياضارخص  شركة تنظيف منازل بالرياضشركة تنظيف وتعقيم بالرياضشركة تنظيف مجالس بالرياضشركة تنظيف منازل بالرياضشركة تنظيف بالبخار بالرياض


هل لديك منزل تريد تنظيفه بشكل ممتاز وبعمال متخصصون وبمعدات وخامات عمليه وفعاله وبشكل ممتاز للغاية فعليك التوجه والاتصال بشركتنا هل لديك فيلا او قصر وتريد تنظيفهم من جميع مزاياهم ومن الاتربة والغبار ومن جيع اعمال النظافة الشاقة فعليك التوجه والاتصال بشركتنا واذا كان لديك مصنع او حديقة او شركة او اي مكان يحتاج للنظافة فعليك ان تتصل بنا علي الفورشركة عزل اسطح بالرياضشركة تسليك مجاري بالرياضشركة تنظيف خزانات بالرياضشركة مكافحة حشرات بالرياضشركة صيانة كهرباء بالرياضشركة تنظيف مكيفات بالرياضشركة تنظيف منازل بالرياض


 شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالقطيف شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالدمام شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالخبر شركة تنظيف سجاد بالدمام شركة تنظيف سجاد با لقطيف شركة تنظيف سجاد بالخبر شركة تنظيف سجاد بالدمام شركة تنظيف كنب بالقطيف


 شركة تنظيف كنب بالخبر شركة تنظيف كنببالقطيف شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-الفئران-بالدمام شركة-رش-حشرات-بالدمام شركة-مكافحة-النمل-الأبيض-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-النمل-الأبيض-بالخبر مكافحة-النمل-الابيض-بالدمام


 شركة-تنظيف-بيارات-بالخبر شركة-تنظيف-بيارات-بالدمام شركة-شفط-بيارات-بالقطيف شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالاحساء شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالقطيف شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالجبيل شركة-تنظيف-بالجبيل شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-براس-تنورة


 شركة-عزل-اسطح-بالجبيل شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-النامس-بالدمام-والخبر شركة-نقل-عفش-بالدمام شركة-دهانات-وترميمات-بالدمام شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-بالخبر شركة-نقل-عفش-بالخبر


rescue me


aw man! married non-japanese wives get all the fun!my first reaction when you mentioned that you are going to california is: *gasp* why??!my 2nd reaction was: wait a minute... what's wrong with her moving to california as compared to staying in japan??!as for your fudge-a-phobia, it is totally understandable. i have a phobia of massive crowds (more of those masses staring at me) and i can't quite place a finger on the terminology yet. i am guessing the nurse who is going to administer the shake is about to experience a whole new decibel of screams yet to be quantified by mankind. work those vocal cords babe (and hopefully whilst you do that, the nurse might be smart enuff to pour it down yr throat in one swift action and then cluck saying "there... there")i am glad you are going to the sunshine coast babe. i now know who to yell to whenever i need something that is available only in the big us of a.take care of yourself babe and drop more than a word from time to time about how great life is over there.


hi rachel,i'm sorry they are making you do something that terrifies you. i wish i could say something to make things easier...the best i can come up with is "i guess it most likely *won't* choke you, and then you'll most likely never have to do it again," but i can see that that is really not an acceptable answer at all. i can't tell how you feel about moving to california?


cocktail-weiner...hee hee. nah i can totally understand, i can't for the life of me eat bubble gum. regular breath freshening gum is ok but hubba bubba freaks me out. i also start to gag and hyperventilate. it's not the flavour...it doesn't matter what flavour i'm eating, it's the insufferable bulk of slimy bubbleness in my mouth. i too fear death.good luck with the barium...i really don't see any way around it - unless you can claim allergies! is it possible to be allergic to barium?


hey rachel,are you alive??  or at your lawyers' right now filing to sue for torture? lol.yes, tell us how you feel about moving to ca. which part, btw?ahhh! so exciting!gg


hey rachelwow ! and oh no!! lots of shocks in this one post. barium? really??oh no! this means we won't get to meet up in tokyo ! such short notice , i know , i hate such things too. will things be okay for getting edward over in time?hey its california! at last, they speak english. love,e


hi tickles, thanks for the support! yeah, i know a lot of people who hate crowds--it's a pretty reasonable fear.  i know you were hoping i'd blog more on japan--i'm sorry! but i promise to keep writing when i'm in california.hi rae, they make you swallow barium when you're going to have an x-ray exam of your esophagus and stomach. the barium is thick and white and coats everything as you swallow it, and somehow this makes everything show up on the x-ray. hi jessica, promise to write more about moving to california right after this!hi jaime, wow, all this time and i never suspected you had hubba bubba issues. you hide your fear well. hi gg, i am alive! hi e, i know, seems i'm leaving right as you're about to get here! the toughest part with edward was figuring out what was expected from both sides, japan and california. spent a lot of time chasing links from website to website. but i think we've got it all sorted out now. yes, it will be nice to live for a while in a place where i can speak better than a four year old.


rachel, all natural i think for a person not wanting to go from one place or the other plus you are not the one who chose where you are going.  i hope you'll have fun.


but, hey - what about the ice cream?


what is nos used fornitrous oxide cream chargers are used for various purposes, from being placed in car engines to give a powerful boost to the engine, to being used to fulfil erotic sexual fantasies.  however cream chargers are most commonly known for and used to whip cream for food such as in home kitchens, restaurants, and coffee shops.how do you use nos to create whipped cream?nitrous oxide is used because it changes easily into cream, and does not cause the cream to oxidize while it is in the can. to use a whipped cream dispenser, one starts by following a recipe, typically 1 cup of heavy cream, 2-3 tablespoons of sugar, and any flavorings/colorings as desired. the device is capped and one or two cream chargers are discharged into the dispenser, depending on its size. these pressurize the device with nitrous oxide and cause the fat-soluble gas to dissolve into the cream. the dispenser is then ready for use.when the cream dispenser's valve is opened, the cream is forced out of the nozzle by the high pressure. however, when the pressure is released, the dissolved gas turns to bubbles and comes out of the solution these expanding bubbles instantly transform the cream into a frothy, whipped state. nitrous oxide prevents bacteria from growing and a charged cream dispenser can be kept in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. the recyclable cream chargers can then be disposed of and your cream is ready for use.how do cream supplies work?the science behind nitrous oxide’s suitability to the industry lies in the chemical make up of the n2o molecules. each molecule at atmospheric pressure is relatively fat in-soluble but because cream has a high fat %, nitrous oxide molecules delivered at high enough pressure, such as from cream chargers, will dissolve into the cream, causing it to foam.where is the best place to buy cream chargers?we have done intensive research into this and from what we can see the cheapest place to buy online at the moment is http://www.discountcream.co.ukwhat is discount cream?http://www.discountcream.co.uk is one of 6 to 7 distributors of cream chargers in the whole of the uk. the website sells cream chargers, dispensers and 60 + flavoured syrups that flavour your whipped cream. as far as we can tell this website caters for all your culinary needs.


thank youmelekler korusun final bölümü izle şenyuva bitmeyen şarkı fatmagülün suçu ne dizi izle videolu yemek tarifleri resimli yemek tarifleri yemek tarifleri resimli survivor son bölüm izle romantik komedi izle


شركه رش مبيدات بالدمام شركه لاعمال السيراميك بالرياض شركه كشف تسربات بالرياضشركه تنظيف مجالس بالرياض شركه رش مبيدات بالرياض شركه تنظيف موكيت بالرياضشركه تنظيف شقق بالخرج تنظيف موكيت بالخرج شركه تنظيف مجالس بالخرج شركه تنظيف فلل بالخرجشركه تنظيف فلل بالاحساءشركه تنظيف مجالس بالاحساء شركه رش مبيدات بالاحساء شركه تنظيف بالدمام و الاحساء شركه مكافحه حشرات بالاحساء شركه تسليك مجارى بالاحساء شركه تنظيف شقق بالاحساءخدمات تنظيف بالاحساء شركه تنظيف منازل بالاحساء


تقدم  شركة تنظيف منازل بالرياض  كافه خدماتها الى جميع الشرائح المختلفه وليست شريحة واحدة ؛فنحن نقدم خدماتنا المتميزة في رش المبيدات الى المنازل والفلل والمحلات التجارية والفنادق المختلفهشركة رش مبيدات بالرياض  شركة مكافحة حشرات بالرياضشركة رش دفان  بالرياضشركة مكافحة حشرات بالخرجشركة تنظيف منازل بالخرجشركة تنظيف مساجد بالرياض شركة تنظيف موكيت بالرياضشركة تنظيف كنب بالرياضشركة تنظيف وصيانة مسابح بالرياض


ياتي دائما مجال الخدمات في بعض الاحيان في الاولويات التي يحتاجها الفرد فمثلا في مجال التنظيف عندما يحتاج العميل الي تنظيف المنزل  يبحث عن شركة تقدم له تلك الخدمه مع توافر شروط الجوده المطلوبه وهذا ما نوفره لعملائنا الكرام وايضا عندما يتعلق الامر بمكافحة الحشرات فنحن نوفر افضل الفنيين واحدث السيارات لعملية مكافحة الحشرات والقضاء عليها بالخرج كما وفرنا قسم خاص بنقل الاثاث بما يساعد عملائنا الكرام علي نقل الاثاث دون عناءشركات مكافحة حشرات بالرياض شركات مكافحة الفئران بالرياضشركات مكافحة الحمام بالرياض وتلك بعض خدماتنا التي نوفرها في عدة مدن باسعار لا تقبل التنافس وباحدث المعدات


كيفية القضاء علي البقالقضاء علي البقلدغة البقالقضاء علي الصراصير في المطبخ


شركة الاميرة كلير من افضل الشركات على مستوى مكة فهي لديها عمالة ماهرة فى تنفيذ الخدمات المنزلية وتستخدم افضل انواع الادوات والادوات للحصول على افضل النتائجشركة مكافحة حشرات بمكةشركة رش مبيدات بمكةشركة تنظيف خزانات بمكةشركة تنظيف بالبخار بمكة


شركة تنظيف فلل قصور بالرياضشركة تنظيف فلل بالرياضشركة تنظيف قصور بالرياضشركة تنظيف فلل شمال الرياضشركة نقل اثاث بالرياضشركة تنظيف بابهاشركة تنظيف خزانات بابها تنظيف الفلل الجديدة في الرياضشركة مكافحة حشرات بالرياضشركة تنظيف فلل غرب بالرياضشركة تنظيف مكيفات بالرياضشركة تنظيف بجازانشركة نقل عفش بالرياضشركةتنظيف مجالس بابهاشركة تنظيف فلل جديدة بالرياضشركة رش مبيدات بالرياضشركة تنظيف فلل مفروشة فى الرياض


افضل شركة تنظيف منازل بالرياض -شركة تنظيف واجهات بالرياض-شركة تنظيف بيوت شعر بالرياض-شركة تنظيف فلل بالرياض-شركة تنظيف موكيت بالرياض- شركة مكافحة النمل الابيض بالرياض-شركة مكافحة الفئران بالرياض.عندما تستعين بشركة متخصصة في عمل التنظيف الخاصة عندما تكون الشركة لها سمعة طيبة في مجال التنظيف ستحصل على منزل براق وأرضيات و حوائط نظيفة تماما مع الحفاظ على ألوانها من مواد التنظيف لنظافة شيئا ضروريا وخاصة عند تواجد اطفال صغار يخشي عليهم من الاتربةشركة تنظيف واجهات بالرياضشركة تنظيف بيوت شعر بالرياضشركة تنظيف فلل بالرياضشركة تنظيف موكيت بالرياض شركة مكافحة النمل الابيض بالرياضشركة مكافحة الفئران بالرياض


   صيانة سخان سيمنس   رقم صيانة طومسون   رقم صيانة بومباني    رقم صيانة الاسكا   رقم صيانة فريش    صيانة جولدي    رقم صيانة كريازي    فى اكتوبر  رقم صيانة يونيفرسال 


الفرسان افضل  شركة تنظيف بخميس مشيط  افضل شركة نقل عفش بخميس مشيط  افضل شركة نقل عفش بنجران افضل  شركه تنظيف منازل بنجران  افضل شركة تنظيف موكيت بنجران افضل شركه تنظيف كنب بنجرانافضل  شركه تنظيف فلل بخميس مشيط افضل شركه نقل اثاث بخميس مشيطافضل شركه تنظيف مجالس بخميس مشيط شركه تنظيف بنجرانافضل شركة تنظيف موكيت بخميس مشيط  افضل شركة تنظيف خزانات بنجران  افضل شركة تنظيف منازل بنجرانافضل  شركة تنظيف منازل بخميس مشيطشركة تنظيف بالباحةشركة تنظيف منازل بالباحةشركة تنظيف سجاد بالباحهشركة تنظيف موكيت بالباحهشركة تنظيف فلل بالباحهشركة تنظيف شقق بالباحهشركة تنظيف منازل بالباحه


  شركة تنظيف بالباحة شركة تنظيف منازل بالباحة  شركة تنظيف سجاد بالباحه  شركة تنظيف موكيت بالباحه شركة تنظيف شقق بالباحه   شركة تنظيف شقق بالباحه    شركة تنظيف منازل بالباحه


  شركة تنظيف شقق بالباحه  شركة تنظيف فلل بالباحه  شركة تنظيف كنب بالباحه  شركة تنظيف موكيت بالباحه  شركة تنظيف خزانات بالباحه  شركة نقل عفش بالباحه


  شركة تنظيف بالباحة شركة تنظيف خزانات بالباحه  شركة مكافحة حشرات بالباحه   شركه تنظيف مجالس بالباحة>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


يمكنكم الان التواصل مع كبري شركة تنظيف شقق مكة التي تعمل علي توفير افضل خدمات التنظيف العامة في اي انها تعمل علي توفير شركة تنظيف بالبخار مكة المركمة التي تعمل علي تنظيف السجاد والموكيت بافضل الطرق الحديثة وهي تعمل علي توفير افضل خدمات ممكنة في شركة جلي سيراميك مكة المكرمة فهي يعملون جيدا علي تنظيف الارضيات وجليها وهنا تعمل علي تنظيف خزانات بمكة المكرمة وتوفر لكم افضل شركة رش العته مكة التي تعمل علي ابادة الحشرات جيدا وبافضل الطرق الممكنة


يمكنكم الان التمتع باقوي الخدمات المميزة من كبري تنظيف مفروشات في الطائف اي انها تعمل علي توفيؤ الكثير من الخدمات العامة في  تنظيف منازل في الطائف  وتعمل علي افضل خدمات جلي سيراميك في الطائف  فهي تتعتبر من كبري الشركات التي تعمل علي خدمات  صيانة خزانات في الطائف  وتوفر فيها اكبر خدمات نقل عفش في الطائف فهي مميزة في خدمات نقل الاثاث والان يوجد بها اكبر شركات مكافحة حشرات في الطائف التي تعمل علي مكافحة النمل الابيض في الطائف  الكبري 


شركة ركن المثاليه لخدمات التنظيف ومكافحة الحشراتارخص شركة تنظيف بالدمام شركة تنظيف بالخبرشركة تنظيف بالجبيلشركة تنظيف منازل بالقطيفشركة تنظيف بالاحساء


i m so glad to visit this blog.this blog is really so amazing.thanks for sharing with us.


تمتلك الشركة فريق عمل مميز ومدرب علي اعلي مستوى من الخبرة والكفاءة والتميز الذي لا يوجد في اي شركة أخرى؛ فشركتنا مميزة ومبدعة ورائدة في عملها وتمتلك اسعار مميزة جدا، فأسعار الشرك مناسبة جدا. توفر لك أفضل شركة تنظيف خزانات بجازان أقوي وأفضل الأسعار التي لن تجدها بأي شركة أخرى ولن تعطيها لك سوى شركتنا،شركة الصفرات لتنظيف الواجهات الزجاجيه بالرياضشركة رش مبيدات ملهمشركة الصفرات لتنظيف السجاد بالرياضشركة الصفرات لتنظيف استراحات بالرياضشركة الصفرات لتسليك المجارى بالرياضشركة الصفرات لتنظيف المسابح بالرياضشركة الصفرات لتنظيف الخزانات بالرياض


شركة تنظيف بخميس مشيطشركة تنظيف بابهاشركة تنظيف منازل بجازانشركة تنظيف بجازانشركة تنظيف مجالس بجازان


شركة تسليك المجاري بالدمامشركة تسليك مجاري بالجبيلشركة تسليك مجاري بالقطيف


تتميز شركتنا عن جميع الشركات التي تعمل في مجال التنظيف بانها الشركة الوحيده التي تستخدم اجدد الطرق واجدد الاساليب التي من اختراع المهندسون والمفكرون في الشركة ونحن نوفر للعماله الخاصه بشركتنا جميع الامكانيات حتي  يعطو لنا افضل الخدمات التي تنجح وتتميز بها شركتنا فنحن ناجحون دائما لاننا نمتلك الخبره في هذا المجال لاننا نعمل في هذا المجال من سنين طويله جداشركة تنظيف بعرعرافضل شركة تنظيف بعرعرهل جربت من قبل ي عزيزي العميل التعاقد مع شركات تنظيف؟ هل كانت هذه الشركات تطلب منك اسعار خرافيه لا تصدق؟ هل كانت نتائج هذه الشركات ليست مميزه وليست كما تحب؟ هل جميع هذه الشركات تقليدية حتي في اسعارها ؟هل تريد شركة متميزه في هذا المجال وليست تقليدية واسعارها ليست كبيره فنحن لدينا الحل يمكننا اخبارك ي عزيزي العميل باننا افضل شركة تنظيف بعرعر وسكاكاشركة نتنظيف بسكاكاافضل شركة تنظيف بسكاكا


شركة تنظيف كنب بجازانشركة تنظيف مجالس بجازانشركة تنظيف منازل بجازانشركة تنظيف فلل بجازان


شركة مكافحة حشرات بالرياضشركة تسليك مجاري بالرياض شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالرياض شركة تنظيف بالاحساء شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالاحساء شركة تسليك مجاري بالاحساء شركة مكافحة حشرات بالاحساء https://www.rukn-altatawer.com/


ok yeshttps://bonngamchan.vn/may-massage-chan-hang-nhat-co-tot-nhu-loi-don/https://bonngamchan.vn/https://bonngamchan.vn/danh-muc/bon-ngam-chan/https://bonngamchan.vn/may-ngam-chan/


شركة تنظيف بالاحساء a cleaning company in al-ahsa corner of development grants a public cleaning benefit in response to the will of the large number of customers, it is known that there are a large number of housewives who do not have the ability to sterilize their house or any place they own themselves, just as the females who do the cleaning do not get the required result in cleanliness at the hands of classic methods, that is why we facilitate all this and provide a comprehensive cleaning manufacturer by our company al-ahsa cleaning company at the earliest time, with the smallest burden and the lowest price.شركة تنظيف بالاحساء شركة تسليك مجاري بالاحساء sewer disposal company in al-ahsasewage disposal company in al-ahsa is able to wipe the sewers as quickly as possible and at the lowest cost, it is known that sewers happen to them suddenly clogged, and then they cause a lot of problems and damages as they spread unpleasant odors inside the place, as they work to pollute the water and thus cause a lot of diseases, including kidney failure, also work to moisture the walls and floors and remove the paint on them and thus distort the aesthetic shape and many others, so you should not leave the problem of sewage blockage even for a little time in your place, but you must address it immediately through specialized companies and we are one of them.شركة تسليك مجاري بالاحساءشركة تنظيف مكيفات بالاحساء air conditioning cleaning company in al-ahsa makes you receive the summer and air-conditioner with high efficiency and excellent, as it is known that air-conditioners in the summer and in the kingdom of saudi arabia in particular cannot be dispensed with due to the high temperatures, so our company provides the best level of air-conditioning cleaning service so that it works with good efficiency, the company also provides maintenance services and provision of damaged spare parts with original and branded ones. the company also provides all its services through a team of technicians and specialists who have long experience in this field, in addition to the company's competitive and distinguished prices, with u katana will find all of the services that belong to the highest quality macaivk and the required level and the lowest prices on the market, ask our services nowشركة تنظيف مكيفات بالاحساء شركة مكافحة حشرات بالاحساء pest control company al-ahsainsect control company works in al-ahsa to provide all the services that make customers in complete comfort from thinking about the problem of insects, as insects are among the most problems that make people in great concern when they are at home, but today we will help you to reach the best solutions that completely rid you of this problem, which is represented by an insect control company in al-ahsa, where the company works to provide a complete work team specialized in eliminating insects of all kinds, through the use of the latest equipment and cleaning materials that have the ability to eliminate all types of insects.شركة مكافحة حشرات بالاحساءhttps://www.rukn-altatawer.com/ شركة تنظيف بالرياض شركة مكافحة حشرات بالرياضشركة تسليك مجاري بالرياض شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالرياض 


شركة تنظيف دبي


شركات تنظيف دبي


شركة نظافة دبي


شركات نظافة دبي


شركة تنظيف في دبي


شركه تنظيف فلل دبي


شركة تنظيف دبيشركة تنظيف دبي بالساعاتشركات تنظيف دبيشركة التنظيف دبيشركات التنظيف دبيشركة نظافة دبيشركات نظافة دبيشركة تنظيف في دبيشركه تنظيف فلل دبيشركه تنظيف سجاد دبي


شركة تنظيف الشارقةشركات تنظيف الشارقةشركة التنظيف الشارقةشركات التنظيف الشارقةشركة نظافة الشارقةشركة تنظيف بالشارقةشركات نظافة الشارقةشركات تنظيف بالشارقةشركة تنظيف في الشارقةشركة تنظيف منازل الشارقة


شركة رش دفان بخميس مشيطشركة تنظيف خزانات بخميس مشيطشركة تنظيف منازل بخميس مشيط


شركة تنظيف في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف كنب في ابوظبيشركات التنظيف في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف منازل في ابوظبيافضل شركة تنظيف في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف البيوت في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف فلل ابوظبيشركة تنظيف سجاد ابوظبيشركات تنظيف المنازل في ابوظبي 


شركة تنظيف في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف كنب في ابوظبيشركات التنظيف في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف ستائر في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف خزانات في ابوظبيشركة جلي وتلميع الرخام في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف فلل ابوظبيشركة تنظيف سجاد ابوظبيشركات تنظيف المنازل في ابوظبي 


شركة تنظيف في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف كنب في ابوظبيشركات التنظيف في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف ستائر في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف خزانات في ابوظبيشركة جلي وتلميع الرخام في ابوظبيشركة تنظيف فلل ابوظبيشركة تنظيف سجاد ابوظبيشركات تنظيف المنازل في ابوظبي 


شركة تنظيف في العينشركة تنظيف كنب في العينشركات التنظيف في العينشركة تنظيف ستائر في العينشركة تنظيف خزانات في العينشركة جلي وتلميع الرخام في العينشركة تنظيف فلل العينشركة تنظيف سجاد العينشركات تنظيف المنازل في العين


تعتد شركة تنظيف في العين منازل مجربه على مجموعه من المتخصصين المميزين شركة تنظيف في ابوظبي اللذين لديهم الخبرة في التعامل شركة تنظيف في الشارقة مع كل أجزاء الشقق المختلفة سواء الأثاث شركة تنظيف في دبي أو أنتريهات أو الكنب والموكيت بالإضافة إلى شركة تنظيف في عجمان أعمال تنظيف شركة تنظيف في ام القيوين المطابخ والحمامات شركة تنظيف في الفجيرة والقيام بأعمال عزل الأسطح أو تسليك المجارى اعتمد علي شركة تنظيف في راس الخيمة اقوي الان 


شركة جلي وتليمع الرخام في دبيشركة جلي وتليمع الرخام في عجمانشركة جلي وتليمع الرخام في الشارقةشركة جلي وتليمع الرخام في الفجيرةشركة جلي وتليمع الرخام في راس الخيمةشركة جلي وتليمع الرخام في ام القيوينشركة جلي وتليمع الرخام في العينشركة جلي وتليمع الرخام في ابوظبي 


شركة تنظيف كنب في دبيشركة تنظيف كنب في عجمانشركة تنظيف كنب في الشارقةشركة تنظيف كنب في الفجيرةشركة تنظيف كنب في راس الخيمةشركة تنظيف كنب في ام القيوينشركة تنظيف كنب في العينشركة تنظيف كنب في ابوظبي


شركة تنظيف فلل في دبيشركة تنظيف فلل في عجمانشركة تنظيف فلل في الشارقةشركة تنظيف فلل في الفجيرةشركة تنظيف فلل في راس الخيمةشركة تنظيف فلل في ام القيوينشركة تنظيف فلل في العينشركة تنظيف فلل في ابوظبي 


شركة تنظيف خزانات في دبيشركة تنظيف خزانات في عجمانشركة تنظيف خزانات في الشارقةشركة تنظيف خزانات في الفجيرةشركة تنظيف في راس الخيمةشركة تنظيف خزانات في ام القيوينشركة تنظيف خزانات في العينشركة تنظيف خزانات في ابوظبي


شركة تنظيف فلل في دبيشركة تنظيف فلل في عجمانشركة تنظيف فلل في الشارقةشركة تنظيف فلل في الفجيرةشركة تنظيف  مطابخ في راس الخيمةشركة تنظيف فلل في ام القيوينشركة تنظيف فلل في العينشركة تنظيف مطابخ في ابوظبي 


شركة صيانة مكيفات بالاحساءشركة غسيل مكيفات بالقطيفشركة تنظيف مكيفات بصفوىشركة غسيل مكيفات ببقيقشركة غسيل مكيفات شرق الرياض


شركة عزل فوم بالرياضشركة عزل فوم بتبوكشركة عزل فوم بالمجمعةشركة عزل فوم بمكةشركة عزل فوم بالمدينة المنورةشركة عزل فوم بضرماءشركة عزل فوم بابها


شركة تعقيم بالدمام نحتاج جميعنا في هذا الوقت إلى تعقيم المنزل باستمرار جيدا حتى لا يصاب أحد من أفراد الأسرة بمرض ما ويقوم بعدوى جميع أفراد الأسرة فيجب علينا أن نقوم بتنظيف المنازل للوقاية من المرض وتنظيف (المفارش والسجاد وأساس المنزل والخزانات والكنب…. الخ) ومن أهم طرق تعقيم المنزل بعد إصابة أحد أفراد الأسرة من ميكروب معين:  لكل أسرة طريقتها الخاصة في تعقيم وتنظيف المنزل بعد الإصابة بمرض معدي أو فيروس فهناك بعض الطرق لبعض الأسر المختلفة.شركة تعقيم بالدمامشركة تعقيم بالخبرشركة تعقيم بالقطيفشركة تعقيم بجدةشركة تعقيم بمكة


إن النظافة من الإيمان وهي من الأشياء الضرورية التي يجب الحرص عليها فالحياة بدون نظافة تصبح مملوءة بالأوبئة والأمراض ومن هنا تهتم جميع ربات المنازل بالنظافة وتستعين بشركة تنظيف من أجل مساعدتها في جميع عمليات التنظيف الخاصة بالمنازل بسرعة وكفاءة عالية ومن أفضل شركات التنظيف هي شركة تنظيف بالمجمعة والشركة حاصلة على مكانة مميزة ومرموقة وذو جودة عالية والشركة تعمل باستمرار من أجل توفير كل سبل الراحة لعملائها وتلبية كل احتياجاتهم بأقل الاسعار.شركة تنظيف ببريدةشركة تنظيف مجالس ببريدةشركة مكافحة حشرات ببريدةشركة نقل عفش ببريدةشركة كشف تسربات المياه ببريدة


شركة التميز الجنوبي للخدمات المنزلية الشركة لديها افضل الخدمات المنزلية القادرة على التخلص من كافة المشاكل الكبيرة التي يحتجها العميل لذلك يمكنك ان تتواصل مع شركة التميز الجنوبي عبر بعض من خدماتها التالية : - شركة عزل خزانات بابهاشركة عزل اسطح بابهاشركة تنظيف منازل بابهاشركة كشف تسربات المياه بابهاشركة تنظيف مدارس بابهاشركة رش دفان بابها


شركة نقل عفش بالاحساء-شركة نقل عفش بالدمام-شركة نقل عفش بالقطيف


jigolo olmak istiyorumjigolo olmak istiyorumjigolo olmak istiyorumlezbiyen porno


شركة عزل اسطح بجازان


شركة تنظيف منازل بنجران وشركة تنظيف الشقق من الشركات التي تقدم جميع خدمات النظافة (كالفلل والشقق والقصور) لأنها توفر أعلى مستوى من المهارات فى تنظيف الخزانات شركة تنظيف خزانات بنجران وعمالها بأعلى مستوى من التدريب. بشهادة عملاء الشركة بالداخل والخارج كما تقدم خدمة مكافحة الحشرات من المصدر شركة مكافحة حشرات بنجران.تحرص شركة تنظيف الشقق على تقديم أسعار غير مبالغ فيها  ونقل كل مايحتوى علية المنزل من خلال شركة نقل اثاث بنجران، ومقارنة مع الشركات الأخرى ، تلتزم بتطبيق قواعد العمل المعقولة ، مما يجعلها الخيار الأفضل عند التفكير في تنظيف منزلك. تشتهر شركة التنظيف بعملائها السابقين من الشركات الذين يشرفون على أعمالهم سواء كانوا مؤسسات أو شركات أو مدارستسليك المجارى مهمتنا من خلال افضل العماله والمدربة على تسليك وتنظيف المجارى والبلعات من خلا شركة تسليك مجارى بنجرانتعتبر شركة تنظيف بالباحة راحتك من الشركات المميزة في مجال التنظيف بوجه عام حيث أنها توفر للعميل جميع الامتيازات من خلال شركة تنظيف منازل بالباحة والخدمات التي يحتاج لها لتنظيف منزله أو مكان عمله، وتستخدم الشركة أفضل أنواع المنظفات المثالية من خلال شركة تنظيف موكيت بالباحة التي يمكنها التخلص من جميع البقع التي قد تتسبب في جعل المظهر العام غير لائق ولهذا يسعد الجميع بالتعامل مع تلك الشركة المميزة الرائدة في التنظيف ومكافحة جميع انواع الحشرات والقضاء عليها بكل سهوله للتواصل من خلال المصدر شركة مكافحة حشرات بالباحة


this comment has been removed by the author.


nice


يلا شوت لايف توداي | yalla shoot live today . خدمة نقل أهم مباريات اليوم جوال بث مباشر الدوري الانجليزي و الدوري الاسباني والدوري الايطالي ودوري ابطال اوروبا 2021 عبر الوصول الي روابط مشاهدة البث المباشر بأسهل الطرق لنقل المباريات الجارية حالياً في الدوريات العالمية والمحلية كما ينقل يلا شووت الجديد الأحداث الرياضية الهامة مثل حفل جائزة أفضل لاعب في العالم وأفضل لاعب في افريقيا عبر القنوات الناقلة للبث الحي المباشر عبر الأنترنت كما يوجد اكتر من مشغل فيديو لنقل البطولات الدولية في جميع انواع الرياضة وذلك ضمن خطة مواقع يلا شوت لنقل الأحداث الرياضة عبر الأنترنت مجاناً، يلا شووت لايف موقع مشاهدة البث المباشر أهم مباريات اليوم جوال حصري النهاردة بالإضافة الي نقل حي الاهلي والزمالك يلا شووت الجديد مباشر بشكل yalla shoot direct الجديد عبر روابط قنوات live مجانية بدون تقطيع yalla shoot jawal نقل مباشرة بتقنية ستورز عالية الدقة من سيرفر يالا شوت بدون تقطيع لجميع البطولات العربية والاوروبية بجودة عالية مع جدول مشاهدة أهم المباريات مجاناً لمباريات الدوري الإنجليزي والدوري الإسباني البث المباشر لمباراة ريال مدريد وبرشلونة من رابط yalla shoot بتعليق عصام الشوالي ورؤوف خليف yallashoot-live.today وبدون اعلانات مزعجة مباريات اليوم بث مباشر بدون تقطيع يلا شووت توداي الجديد ويقدم يلا شووت حصري البث المباشر للمباريات الدوري الإيطالي ودوري أبطال أوروبا ودوري أبطال أفريقيا عبر القنوات المتواجدة في تطبيق يلا شووت new حيث يحتوي علي مشغل خاص yalla shoot us الجديد بث مباشر 7sry رابط سريع يوتيوب مناسب لجميع سرعات الانترنت ويعمل يلاشووت الجديد حصري علي الجوال بالإضافة الي متابعة بطولة أمم أفريقيا 2021 مواعيد مباريات اليوم فلدي يلا شووت لايف حصري yalla shoot خدمة ملخصات وأهداف يلا شووت المباريات النهاردة بجودات متعددة كما يقوم موقع yalla-shoot tv جديد بتغطية اخر الاخبار الرياضية بدون تقطيع في جميع انحاء العالم فيعتبر موقع يلا شووت ستورز رياضي متكامل يلا شووت بلس موقع حصري حيث ينقل yalla shoot الجديد أهم مباريات اليوم جوال عبر yalla shoot 7sry رابط مباراة اليوم يلا شووت new بدون تقطيع.  يلا شوت   yalla shoot 


بدون صيانة ثابتة للسيارة ، لا يمكنك أن تتوقع أن تعمل سيارتك بشكل جيد إلى الأبد. إذا انتظرت حتى تحدث المشاكل ، فمن المحتمل أن ينتهي بك الأمر إلى إتلاف سيارتك ودفع أكثر بكثير مما لو كنت تعتني بسيارتك بشكل منتظم. إليك بعض الأشياء التي يجب عليك فعلها لمساعدة سيارتك على البقاء لأطول فترة ممكنة.1. قم بتغيير الزيت وفقًا لجدول صيانة السيارة الموصى به من الشركة المصنعة. من القواعد الأساسية الجيدة تغيير الزيت كل 3000 ميل أو كل 3 أشهر أيهما أقرب. يضمن تغيير الزيت أن زيت المحرك الخاص بك نظيف وفي المستويات الصحيحة ، مما يساعد المحرك على الاستمرار في العمل بسلاسة.2. افحص الرادياتير للتأكد من امتلاءه واحصل على فحص احترافي لمستوى مقاومة التجمد في نظام التبريد لديك. إذا ارتفعت درجة حرارتها ، فقد يتسبب ذلك في تلف كبير كان من الممكن تجنبه ببعض عمليات صيانة نظام التبريد الأساسية.3. افحص سيارتك بشكل منتظم ، وخذ الوقت الكافي لتعلم ما الذي تبحث عنه. يمكن أن تدلك المقاييس على وجود مشكلة يجب أن ينظر إليها الميكانيكي. يعد إصلاح النافذة المتكسرة قبل أن تتحول إلى صدع ضخم أقل تكلفة بكثير من استبدال الزجاج الأمامي بالكامل كما أنها أقل صعوبة أيضًا.4. انتقل إلى نفس الآلية لجميع أعمالك ، حتى لو كانت أبسط الأشياء. يمكن لهذا الميكانيكي أن يراقب الأشياء بمرور الوقت ويعطيك نصائح حول الصيانة الموصى بها للسيارة والتي ربما فاتها شخص يرى السيارة لأول مرة.5. نظف سيارتك من الداخل والخارج بشكل منتظم. قد يؤدي ترك الأوساخ والأوساخ على سيارتك إلى إتلافها ، مما يتسبب في تلف المفروشات بشكل أسرع أو بدء تقطيع الطلاء. إذا أمكن ، أوقف سيارتك في مرآب أو تحت مرآب لإبقائها جافة وللمساعدة في منع الصدأ.6. تأكد من نفخ الإطارات بشكل صحيح عن طريق فحصها بمقياس ضغط على أساس ثابت وتعبئتها إذا كانت منخفضة. سيساعدهم ذلك على ارتداء الملابس بشكل متساوٍ ، كما أنه يساعد في زيادة الأميال التي قطعتها على الغاز. انتبه بشكل خاص للضغط عندما يتغير الطقس ، لأن درجة الحرارة تؤثر على الضغط.على الرغم من أنه يتعين عليك دفع تكاليف صيانة السيارة ، إلا أن هذه التكاليف الصغيرة تكون أسهل بكثير على ميزانيتك من التكاليف الكبيرة التي يتعين عليك دفعها إذا أهملت سيارتك. إن الاضطرار إلى استبدال المكونات الرئيسية مثل ناقل الحركة أو المحرك يكاد يكون مكلفًا مثل شراء سيارة جديدة ، ولكن يمكنك تجنب النفقات الكبيرة مثل هذه إذا كنت ستعتني ببساطة بصيانة السيارة الصغيرة كما هو مطلوب.صيانة مرسيدسصيانة بي ام دبليوصيانة رنج روفرورشة اصلاح سيارات


هذا وقت صعب وحاسم للغاية للجميع. لقد تغير كل شيء والجميع يحاول التأقلم معه. الشيء الوحيد الذي يهمنا في مثل هذا الموقف هو صيانة سياراتنا. أعلنت الحكومة أن مرائب خدمة السيارات ضرورية ، لذا ستبقى مفتوحة وغير متأثرة بحالة كورونا. لكن مع ذلك ، يشعر الناس بالقلق ويتجنبون أخذ سياراتهم للصيانة ، وهذا أمر مفهوم.تتخذ العديد من مرائب السيارات تدابير لتزويدك بخدمة سيارات فعالة وآمنة. إنهم يتبعون جميع القواعد اللازمة للسلامة وراحة بالك. إنهم يقدمون خطط أقساط لخدمة المركبات للأشخاص الذين يواجهون أزمة مالية بسبب فيروس كورونا.الإجراءات التي يتم اتخاذها لإصلاح وصيانة السيارة بشكل آمنتتبع معظم الكراجات القواعد التي أصدرتها الحكومة للسلامة والحماية. إنهم يعطون الأولوية للوقوف على بعد ، وارتداء الأقنعة ، وتعقيم أيديهم ، والأدوات. يطلبون من العميل ترك سيارتهم والعودة إلى المنزل بدلاً من الانتظار في المرآب. كما يتوقعون منك أن تحافظ على المسافة ، وأن ترتدي قناعًا ، وتتجنب الاتصال بأي شيء عندما تزور محطة خدمة أثناء كوفيد -19. لا يمكننا إنقاذ أنفسنا والآخرين إلا إذا اتبعنا لوائح معينة ونظرنا في سلامة الجميع.خطط سداد مختلفة تقدمها مراكز إصلاح السياراتيتفهم مقدم الخدمة كيف أثر هذا الوباء عليك من الناحية المالية بشكل خاص. هذا هو السبب في أنهم يقدمون خطط دفع لإصلاح السيارات . يمكنك التواصل مع المرآب وعمل خطة مناسبة لنفسك.يقدم كل مرآب خطة دفع مختلفة ولكن جميعها لصالحك. إنها خدمة مدفوعة لإصلاح السيارة لاحقًا ، ويقدم البعض فترة إجازة سداد مدتها 6 أشهر يتعين عليك خلالها سداد مستحقاتك بعد 6 أشهر ، بينما يتلقى الآخر مدفوعات على أقساط.بالنسبة لخطة أقساط خدمة السيارة ، عليك فقط دفع وديعة عند صيانة سيارتك ثم دفع المبلغ المتبقي على أقساط لمدة 4 أو 6 أشهر القادمة. ستكون المدفوعات بدون فوائد.دفع سهل ومريح عبر الإنترنتتسهل عليك المدفوعات في وقت الأزمة هذا. لست مضطرًا للذهاب إلى المرآب للدفع ، يمكنك القيام بذلك عبر الإنترنت. يمكن أن يكون النقد بمثابة ناقل للجراثيم ، لذا فإن طريقة الدفع هذه أكثر ملاءمة وأمانًا أيضًا من حيث الوباء المستمر. إصلاح مضخة وقود السياراتخدمة التحصيل والتسليمتقدم مراكز إصلاح السيارات خدمة تجميع وتسليم مجانية. يمكنك حجز خدمة والاتصال بمحطة الخدمة لخدمة التحصيل. سيأخذون سيارتك من مكان من اختيارك في الوقت الذي يناسبك ويعيدونها إليك بعد صيانتها. هذه الخدمة لن تكلفك أي شيء. إنها خدمة مجانية. وبالتالي ، يوفر عليك رحلة إلى مرآب تصليح السيارات ويوفر أيضًا المال.التعقيم قبل وبعد إجراء الإصلاحاتيتم تنظيف السيارة بالكامل قبل وبعد الانتهاء من الإصلاحات. في الأساس ، سيتم تعقيم كل شيء تلمسه أنت أو الميكانيكيون مثل التوجيه والمقابض تمامًا. يوصى بأن يقوم العميل بتعقيم السيارة بنفسه بعد استلامها من المركز.صيانة السيارة شيء لا يمكن تجنبه مهما حدث. فهو يساعد في زيادة العمر الافتراضي لسيارتك وهو أيضًا إلزامي لقيادة خالية من المخاطر. إذا كنت قلقًا بشأن الحماية بسبب فيروس كورونا ، فيمكنك إجراء البحث واختيار مرآب يتخذ تدابير فعالة لسلامتك ويعطي الأولوية أيضًا للنظافة والتعقيم وما إلى ذلك.صيانة بي ام دبليوصيانة بيجوقطع غيار تويوتاورشة اصلاح سيارات


تعتبر مضخات المياه ضرورية لتشغيل العقارات في المناطق التي تتعرض لأمطار غزيرة ، لذلك من الضروري الحفاظ عليها بشكل صحيح. يمكن أن تؤدي العواصف والفيضانات إلى أضرار جسيمة لجميع أنواع الممتلكات ولكن هذا الوضع الخطير يمكن أن يتفاقم عندما يعاني المبنى هناك عدد من الأسباب النموذجية لفشل مضخة المياه وفحص هذه العوامل سيساعدك على اتخاذ قرار الشراء التالي عندما تكون في السوق لمثل هذه المعدات.السبب الأكثر شيوعًا لفشل المضخة هو عندما تتعرض إحدى الممتلكات لانقطاع التيار الكهربائي إما من خلال فتيل مهبأ أو قاطع الدائرة المعطلة لأن الجهاز لن يعمل في حالة انقطاع التيار الكهربائي. تعتمد على مولد للحفاظ على تشغيل المضخة ولكن قد لا تتمتع بعض المولدات بالطاقة الكافية حتى تعود الكهرباء.سبب آخر يجعل المضخة تخذلك هو جودة المواد التي صنعت منها أو الطريقة التي تم تركيبها بها لأن الأجهزة الرديئة ستفشل دائمًا في غضون وقت. إلى الفشل لأنها قد تكون موجودة في مكان غير صحيح مما يجعلها عرضة للانسداد بسبب الأوساخ والحطام والسبب الثالث وراء تعطل المضخة هو أنها غمرها كمية كبيرة من الماء وهذا غالبًا يؤدي إلى حدوث فيضان إذا لم يكن للممتلكات احتياطيًا فعالاً. وبدون وجود نسخة احتياطية موثوقة ، تكون الخاصية معرضة لخطر أكبر للفيضان إذا فشلت المضخة الأولية لأنه لن يكون هناك شيء لالتقاط الركود ودفع أي سائل غريب .هناك عدد من الطرق لتعزيز موثوقية المضخة وأول شيء يجب التأكد منه هو أن الجهاز مصنوع من مادة مناسبة مثل الحديد الزهر أو الفولاذ المقاوم للصدأ ، كما أن امتلاك قوة حصانية كافية يعد أمرًا حيويًا كمضخة ذات مستويات منخفضة لن تكون قادرة على دفع كمية كبيرة من المياه والتي قد تكون حاسمة بعد هطول الأمطار الغزيرة.بمجرد اختيارك للمضخة الأكثر ملاءمة ، يجب عليك أيضًا التأكد من حصولك عليها بانتظام من قبل شركة صيانة وإصلاح ذات سمعة طيبة في منطقتك.الوقاية من الحريقfire protectionأنظمة التدفئةal-wabel


 شركة-نقل-عفش-بالخبر شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-بالخبر شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-بالجبيل شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالدمام شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالخبر شركة-عزل-اسطح-بالدمام شركة-عزل-اسطح-بالخبر شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالجبيل


 شركة-تنظيف-بالخبر شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالخبر شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-بالدمام شركة-تنظيف-بالدمام شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-بالجبيل شركة-شفط-بيارات-بالقطيف شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-براس-تنورة شركة-تنظيف-مجالس-بالدمام


 شركة-تنظيف-بيارات-بالخبر شركة-تنظيف-بيارات-بالدمام شركة-شفط-بيارات-بالقطيف شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالاحساء شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالقطيف شركة-تسليك-مجارى-بالجبيل شركة-تنظيف-بالجبيل شركة-مكافحة-حشرات-براس-تنورة


 شركة تنظيف كنب بالخبر شركة تنظيف كنببالقطيف شركة-كشف-تسربات-المياه-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-الفئران-بالدمام شركة-رش-حشرات-بالدمام شركة-مكافحة-النمل-الأبيض-بالقطيف شركة-مكافحة-النمل-الأبيض-بالخبر مكافحة-النمل-الابيض-بالدمام


 شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالقطيف شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالدمام شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالخبر شركة تنظيف سجاد بالدمام شركة تنظيف سجاد با لقطيف شركة تنظيف سجاد بالخبر شركة تنظيف سجاد بالدمام شركة تنظيف كنب بالقطيف


شركة تنظيف مكيفات بالرياضشركة تنظيف شقق بالرياضشركة تنظيف موكيت بالرياضشركة تنظيف كنب بالرياض شركة تنظيف فلل بالرياضشركة تنظيف خزانات بالرياضشركة جلي بلاط بالرياض


 بكجات سفر عروض شهر العسل  تأشيرة البوسنة  رحلات عائلية 


مركز الأشعة التداخلية




. . . .
archives



. . . .
links


food blogs
101 cookbooks
a cat in the kitchen
a spoonful of sugar
dave's beer
da xiang
eggbeater
feeding dexygus seconds
il forno
in my kitchen
kitchenmage
kuidaore
little fancies
my little kitchen
nordlijus
obachan's kitchen
once upon a feast
pumpkin pie bungalow
she who eatspeople blogs
bubble squeak canada
hsin's world japan
homeless in nashville usa
life as a dervish egypt
nadz online usa
serialdeviant china
wanderings of the b england
short term memories japan
undercover in japan
what, you too? germanysites
egullet
fine cooking
japanese bread baking website
joy of baking
julia child: lessons with master chefs
leite's culinarianon food related
core77
dachshund lovers unite
oxfam japan

other
feedburner
haloscan
-
japan
 - 
bloggers
-
technorati
blogger






 















