



  












pressure tech - quality pressure regulator manufacturers - pressure tech | uk pressure regulator manufacturer






to give you the best experience, this site uses cookies. continuing to use this site means you agree to our use of cookies.
if you'd like to learn more about our cookie policy please click here.













please enter at leastthree characters.
showing 5 of ?? resultsview all results









+44 (0)1457 899 307sales@pressure-tech.combasket (0)login / register




account detailsorder historysaved quoteslog out





homecompanyprofilethe teamvacanciesqualitynewsvideosexhibitionsproductspressure regulatorsanalyser & instrumentation (cv 0.06-0.2)high pressure (cv 0.06 - 0.2)medium flow (cv 0.5 - 2.0)high flow (cv 4.0 - 13.0)back pressurehydraulichydrogendivingsubseaaccessories & ancillary equipmentcustom solutionsvalvesactuated valvescylinder valvessectorsdiving and life supporthydrogen fuel celloil and gaspetrochemicalsubseainternationaldeutscheenglishespanolfrancaisportuguesrussiandownloadsbrochures and flyersdata sheetsservice instructionscustomer resourcesqualityterms & conditionsprivacy policycontactcontact detailsquote request formauthorised resellersfaq



new productsxhs410 heated regulator--------df1034 dual-flow regulator--------view videos



pressure tech home






new cnc machine installed improves machine times by 300%a new citizen miyano cnc machine with twin spindles and twin turrets has now been installed and already proving its worth as a £250k investment by making parts in 1/3rd of the times previously made on the machine it replaced. as our business levels continue to grow and the demand to maintain short lead times increases, the cnc machine from citizen was viewed as a key piece of equipment required to support the strategic needs of the company. 
pressure tech completes supply of 108 hydraulic regulators with 100% otif deliverypressure tech recently completed the supply of 108 x lf690 hydraulic regulators to our authorised reseller, hydraserv, in norway. the project was for a key system builder supplying several hpus for a project in brazil. all 108 regulators were delivered in time and in full to meet with the customers needs.
tis order sees ss-690 reworked for remote subsea operationpressure tech were asked to provide a design solution to enable the remote set point control of one of our subsea regulators during its service under water. a regulator’s set point is configured during its build at our unit in glossop, uk. the regulator is then supplied as ‘set and lock’ - any changes after this point must be physically conducted, either prior to system installation or during maintenance intervals. our solution? a closed loop actuator enabling the customer to control set pressure point constantly via an electronic signal during regulator operation. the actuator is fully sealed, ip69k rated and has a sea water depth rating of up to 3000m.


ask a questionlatest news24 january 2025video: staff spotlight featuring tom wood in our latest episode of our staff spotlight series, tom wood gives us an insight into his life as a cnc machinist at pressure tech.

tom thrives on being part of the bigger picture at pressure tech and is always keen to share his technical skills.

tom originally trained with us as a cnc machinist through his apprenticeship after joining the company in 2014 and is an integral part of our team. 

we’re so proud of him for so many reasons and this video helps capture his enthusiasm for both his job and his great attitude to life.

[click here to view video]
... more >13 january 2025introducing the xhs410 we’re delighted to announce the launch of our new heated regulator xhs410.

to coincide with its launch, we have issued a new video where pressure tech’s, lemar wright presents the xhs410 and discusses its features and specifications. 

[click here to view video]

the xhs410 is an economical single heated regulator, available in side-entry (se) or in-line (il) heat transfer options to maintain sample gases in their vapour state. the se design can be used where heat transfer is less critical and also where installations have height restrictions. the il design maximises the heat transfer area via a spiral machined heater sheath, which mixes the gas and ensures efficient heat transfer. 

the xhs410 is certified to atex, iecex and csa and its electrical enclosure meets the requirements of ip66 and nema 4 specifications.

... more >
product categoriesanalyser & instrumentation (cv 0.06-0.2)typically incorporating inconel® x750 diaphragm sensed elements for strength and flexibility, this range includes options from gas cylinder regulators to atex certified (2014/34/eu) heated regulators.high pressure (cv 0.06 - 0.2)typically with ceramic seating, these include our hydraulic range with precision machined and fully supported sensor elements to cover pressure ranges up to 1,034 bar (15,000 psi). port sizes from 1/8" to 3/8".medium flow (cv 0.5 - 2.0)medium-flow primarily for gas service with diaphragm-sensed elements to control up to 10 bar (145 psi), and piston-sensed elements covering up to 414 bar (6,000 psi). ports 1/2" to 1".high flow (cv 4.0 - 13.0)high-flow featuring diaphragm and piston-sensed with port sizes from 1/2" to 3" using threaded or flanged connections. pressure control available up to 210 bar (3,045 psi).back pressurea back pressure regulator accurately controls the inlet pressures to any process. our range covers port sizes from 1/8" to 2" and control pressures from 0.1 bar (2 psi) to 690 bar (10,000 psi) on gas or liquid applications.hydraulicour hydraulic regulators feature precision machined sensing elements for control to 1,380bar (20,000psi) and self venting is available with captured vent ports. port sizes from 1/4" to 3/4". ratio- or dome-loaded. hydrogenfrom drones to buses, and forklifts to refuelling solutions our products include, among others, an ec79 approved pressure regulator and a tped approved self-closing gas cylinder valve.divingour brass regulators are cleaned and degreased within the guidelines of astm g93 for equipment used in oxygen-enriched enviroments, and intended for use on critical life support or hyperbaric diving applications.subseadesigned to operate at depths of up to 3,000m, our regulators can either use external seawater pressure as a reference pressure, or, they can be sealed to operate at topside ambient pressure conditions.accessories & ancillary equipmentbottle connectors, flexible cylinder hose, gas cylinder connections, panel mount rings and pressure gauges.actuated valvesthe avc690 (normally closed) and avo690 (normally open) are compact actuated valves.cylinder valvesour cv414-sc is a self-closing cylinder valve for 
high pressure gas systems, offering users a quick 
and simple disconnect feature.

 



products:

pressure regulatorsanalyser & instrumentation pressure regulatorshigh pressure regulatorsmedium flow pressure regulatorshigh flow pressure regulatorsback pressure regulatorshydraulic pressure regulatorshydrogen pressure regulatorsdiving pressure regulatorssubsea pressure regulatorsaccessories & ancillary equipmentcustom solutionsvalvesactuated valvescylinder valves
quick links:
company brochuredata sheetsauthorised resellerscompany videoterms & conditionsreturns policyprivacy policycookie policy
mailing list



member of:














© 2025 pressure tech ltd :
registered office: unit 24 graphite way, hadfield, glossop, derbyshire, sk13 1qh. registered number: 4088229 england.  vat number: gb 776 740 883





telephone:
email:




+44 (0)1457 899307
sales@pressure-tech.com











modifications:









call usx

    if you need to discuss an applicationor project, request a price or if youhave any other query, we are availableto speak from monday to fridayfrom 08:30 to 17:00 (uk time).
    +44 (0)1457 899 307
    or arrange a video call with amember of our sales team:
    
request a video call



ask a questionx




submittedx

    thank you for submitting a pricing request. amember of our sales team will respond to youshortly.
    in the meantime, if you have any further questionsplease contact us on:

    +44 (0)1457 899 307
    or
    sales@pressure-tech.com



submittedx

    thank you. a member of our sales team will respondto your question shortly.
    in the meantime, if you have any further questionsplease contact us on:

    +44 (0)1457 899 307
    or
    sales@pressure-tech.com







titlex
message


                                                                                   








this website uses cookies

we use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services. 


storageenables storage, such as cookies (web) or device identifiers (apps), related to advertising.storageadvertisingsets consent for sending user data to google for online advertising purposes.advertisingpersonalisationsets consent for personalized advertising.personalisationanalyticsenables storage, such as cookies (web) or device identifiers (apps), related to analytics, for example, visit duration.analytics


allow all
reject all
confirm
show details
hide details




cookieconsent



