


congregation tshuvat yisrael home













































































social networks 
facebbok 
twitter 
google 
pinterest 
tumblr 
vk 
linkedin 
email 
buttons size 

position 

shared title 

shared text 

shared url 

counters 


large
medium
small
extra-small


left
right






























congregation t'shuvat yisrael












home




events




about us






about us





faith statement





faq





newsletters






from the word





from the word





word about you





613 good deeds





torah today!






daily life





daily life





and it was good





blessings





prayers






articles





americian watchman





let's talk








kenya connection




contact us























































 "for assuredly, i say to you, till heaven and earth pass away, one jot or one tittle will by no means pass from the law (torah) till all is fulfilled." 




matthew 5:18


























































who we are





we are a messianic community that is diverse in age, background, ethnicity and nationality dedicated to "balancing the goodness of torah with grace and mercy." this was a recurring theme that messiah expressed to his chosen people during his ministry, and so, we have come together to worship in a style that follows his 1st century mode of worship.we meet at 11am on shabbat (saturday). we start with a worship offering to the lord then we have a torah reading and after that a message for the day and after services, we enjoy a fellowship meal together. please join us.can't make it to congregation?we have a shabbat conference call number... (253) 993-3413, no access code is needed.thank you for considering congregation t'shuvat yisrael for donations and tithe giving. we are happy to offer you an online donation option by debit or credit card.thanks again and may the lord bless you and keep you!










































































shalom congregation t'shuvat yisrael family











today we are living in generations of very challenging times!immorality, idolatry, crime of every sort, family and relationship division, the absolute, deliberate redefining of inspired scripture!  the word of god 🔯 amos 8:11, 2nd peter 2::1-3, isaiah 5:20.as notzrim (followers of yeshua ha mashiach, we are to encourage one another to good works, and uphold the faith that was once and for all delivered to the saints! psalms 100:4 tells us that god's truth endures to all generations! we can rejoice and take great comfort in knowing that our great god will always have a remnant to show forth his praisestoday we are living in generations of very challenging times! immorality, idolatry, crime of every sort, family and relationship division, the absolute deliberate redefining of inspired scripture ! the word of god 🔯1st peter2:9let us harken to his voice 🔯john 10:1-5obey his commandments.walk in his statues teaching our children (dor ve dor) generation to generation as we look to him and his word! 🔯deut 6:7he is the way, the truth and the life!!!we are called in our generation to hold his standard 🔯1st peter 3:15  will our lord find faith on the earth when he returns?let us be faithful in our generation!!!! 🔯galatians 6:9remember joshua and caleb were the remnant in their generation torah tells us they had a whole heart before "the lord" and it was pleasing to him! finally let god be true and every man a liar.your loving sisterbrenda, rabbi's wife




























































what is a messianic synagogue?







"a rose by any other name would smell as sweet" is a quote by william shakespeare from his play romeo and juliet. what he means here is that the names of things do not matter, only what things are. many messianic believers wish to reinvent themselves by looking for another descriptive label, for varied but misguided reasons. a messianic synagogue is the coming together of believer's in yeshua (jesus) of nazareth, which is foretold by the hebrew prophets.










more











































fruits of the spirit...                                           do you know god?







when the spirit of god is present in someone, it shows up in our character. in other words, the holy spirit changes the way we live our life so that it benefits the people around us. yeshua calls it the 'fruit of the spirit', and just like the fruit grown by a tree, it can nourish and sustain people all around it.it's easy to criticize someone who is not showing us their fruit, but what does that say about our fruit? 










more










































should we mock prophesy?





evangelist, pastor and teacher have become the acceptable roles in the ecclesia, but on whose authority was the role of apostle and prophet denied? was it the same "authority" that determined the church replaced israel? was it the church leaders who denied the validity of g-d’s holy days? are we to believe anything from those who dismiss “the law” even though yeshua (jesus) said, “if you love me, then keep my commandments? 









more



















































balancing the goodness of torah with the grace and mercy of messiah




call us 253-226-9329




email us


























































11am shabbat mornings, see you at1231 s 76th street, tacoma wa 98408




congregation tshuvat yisrael














































