









full throttle adrenaline park





























































accessibility statement














 
:
 









park & activities
waiver
best lap times
refreshchange park
contact us




find nearest location




go







menu button









parks




events & parties




gift cards




careers














































why go full throttle?


full throttle adrenaline park is the go-to premier entertainment destination for adrenaline-inducing fun! we provide safe and enjoyable kick-axe activities that appeal to thrill seekers of all types. 
only at full throttle adrenaline parks will you find next-level high-speed go karting, axe throwing, immersive virtual reality, smashing great rage rooms, a brand-new break bar and an indoor paintball field like no other!
*activities and amenities vary by park.




view all parks
view locations










accelerate your team


full throttle adrenaline park offers customizable celebrations, meetings, and team building events. choose your type of event, desired activities, catering, and beverages, then sit back and relax while we coordinate a memorable and engaging experience for your group.




events & parties









how does this work?





plan your visit



snag an adrenaline pass or choose your own activity adventure. reservations are highly encouraged and can be made online, over the phone or just walk-in; we will be glad to assist you.
 



 


check in



we’d recommend arriving 30 minutes before the scheduled time of your activity or adrenaline pass to complete the registration and check-in process. 



 


feel the rush



now that you’ve checked in, it’s time for some heart-pounding excitement! hit the track, smack a bullseye, throw a bottle or battle in virtual reality!



 


share the fun



grab a bite and cheers with a cold one in between activities or races. share your best moments on instagram & get a chance to win a $100 gift card! 



 




start planning your visit now



choose your park
about go full throttle karting






        news & updates
        










adrenaline camps 2025
thrill-seeking kids get ready for adventure: full throttle adrenaline park summer camps. these week-long camps promise an electrifying mix of fun, skill-building, and memories.









detonate
in detonate, participants are thrust into a mission as fbi operatives. their objective? to infiltrate the covert operations and thwart their latest scheme before time runs out.









solar eclipse in a go-kart
get ready to experience the ultimate thrill under the celestial spectacle! wishing everyone a totality awesome solar eclipse day from full throttle adrenaline park!









best in cincy business winner
full throttle’s cincinnati adrenaline park has been voted the best in cincy business for local team building experience!









mini in name only
full throttle adrenaline park - pittsburgh introducing a new addition to the track: mini karts designed for young racers aged 3 to 6 will rev up the excitement.









new karts - new track
brace yourself for the future with our state-of-the-art electric karts and prepare for an adrenaline surge on our brand-new track layout.





















view all



















gift cards






careers






contact us






safety






view all parks






news & updates
news & updates





events & parties






privacy policy






donation requests






press




























hatfield media logo and website link


 | 
 | 
 | 



















