






canadian warmblood horse breeders association | news and views from canadian warmblood breeders association














































































home
member’s guide

2023 national agm
how to register your canadian warmblood
benefits & guidelines
application forms
fee schedule
sign up to receive enews


stallion directory

stallion directory
add or update a stallion


awards program
sales & events

classified ads.
place a classified advertisement
canadian warmblood auction
important dates and events


about us

about cwhba
cwhba directors & committees
alberta chapter
british columbia chapter
manitoba chapter
maritimes chapter
ontario chapter
quebec chapter
saskatchewan chapter


young breeders
 





select page


  
 



 



 















 
iybc team portrait 30h1a713620230716_131920img_1568img_1875img_6476img_6903img_7642kalden_9315tahda 












 “the cwhba welcomes you to canada’s home of the warmblood horse”
 “where quality is in our nature”





become a member



register a canadian warmblood



pedigree search



member login







2025 membership renewal
to renew your membership now for 2025 use this form.
how to videos online
become a member – register a foal
 

contact us
our help desk email – office@canadianwarmbloods.com
correspondence and paper applications must be sent to our  office:404 avenue d southsaskatoon, saskatchewan. s7m 1r4, canada 
phone : 306-373-6620contact directory

now available cwhba branded products



latest news







2025 ssa february 13 – 17

jan 29, 2025 | newsthe annual stallion service auction is a major event on the cwhba calendar. held late winter each year, it features approximately 30 stallion services donated as a fund raiser and kickoff to the cwhba foal futurities. since its inception, the foal futurities have been...
read more





share your news



whats new

foal photo contest winners
click here to view the results in three categories: artistic merit, action-packed moment, humour/unusual antics. thanks to everybody who participated in this fun event. prizes will be awarded to the winning photographer in each category: a cwhba logo quarter sheet or cooler from my stable.   click here to view the photo gallery.
cwhba equis phone app
do everything from your phone.  log in to your cwhba members portal, click get app and scan the qr code. manage your account from anywhere.
photo gallery
check out our  photo gallery here.
read the world breeding news
read the january enews 
if your email address has changed and you are not receiving the enews please register here.









news







 

2024 stallion tour

the 2024 stallion licensing tour was the first since covid where our international judge traveled within canada. we were very pleased to have jan-ove olsson return from sweden to bring his expertise and insights. the tour made three stops, two for licensing: misty... 
read more 








 

black hole sun a shinning example!

black hole sun made his competition debut at spokane sport horse farm horse trials september 26-29, where he won the young event horse four year old division with an impressive score of 84. he then went on to win the open bn division. sired by belshazzar (beach boy x... 
read more 








 

record breaking sale

the 30th annual canadian warmblood fall classic breeder’s sale was a record-breaking sale. with a gross dollar value of over $730,000 cad and an average price of over $25,000, it surpassed previous sales by a wide margin. averages were up in every category, and of the... 
read more 








 

nominations open for fall classic breeder’s sale

nominations open for the 30th annual fall classic breeder's sale to be held online oct 18 to 21st. the longest running warmblood sale in north america is celebrating it's thirtieth anniversary october 18th with a special gala kick off event, at the royal west horse... 
read more 








 

at the manitoba royal winter fair

the manitoba chapter re-introduced the cwhba high point young horse awards at this year's show that ran from march 25th to 30th. what great representatives kekoa and brittany payjack were for canadian warmblood in the young horse championships at the manitoba winter... 
read more 








 

industry trends survey – planning for the future

there has been a tremendous response, but we need everyone's input.  don't miss this opportunity to make your voice heard. where is our industry going? only you can answer! the survey will close march 31.  we have put together an industry trends survey to help us all... 
read more 










older news artcles





chapters







planning survey for 2024 inspections

cwhba manitoba chapter is pleased to announce that our goal is to conduct a horse inspection and foal, yearling and two year old futurity in manitoba this fall. before we can get much further into our planning and flesh out the details we need your help. please click... 
read more 








young horse awards – manitoba royal winter fair

the cwhba manitoba chapter is pleased to announce that we will be a sponsor at this year's manitoba royal winter fair young horse competition, to be held march 25 to march 30. the highest ranked registered canadian warmbloods in the 4, 5 and 6 year old classes, will... 
read more 








canadian warmblood ontario chapter inspection 

results 2023 west niagara fairgrounds – grassie, on saturday october 7th, 2023 under saddle evaluation 1st place – dare to dream (owner: kerry maddocks, sire: dauphin, dam: serafina wf) 2nd place – balou ay am (owner: mike and kayla mehak, breeder: look ahead sport... 
read more 








2023 alberta breeder’s show results

sept 24, olds, alberta view photo gallery here a very successful breeder's show and mare inspection was held at the olds agriculture grounds . below are the results. foal futurity 1. hello dolly h.u.e. by cabardino out of dolina by chiquitin ls x indoctro bred by... 
read more 








alberta events schedule

april 22/23 tom dvorak at horizon stables, cochraneapril 28-30 francois mathy jr, at rmsj, contact valleyfield stablesmay 1-3 at valleyfield farmsmay 6/7 at horse in hand ranch, blackfalds, christoph hessjune 3-4 jaimey irwin at north park stablesmay 12-14 spring... 
read more 








profile – cathy chalack ab president

a life long horse person, cathy is a fifth generation alberta rancher. her family currently operate multiple livestock and horse businesses: ultra livestock a purebred simmental ranch; ulterra equestrian ltd, a breeding, training and sales entity for warmblood horses,... 
read more 








saskatchewan chapter news

saskatchewan chapter news coming soon! 
read more 








ontario chapter news

ontario chapter news coming soon! 
read more 








manitoba chapter

cwhba manitoba chapter 2023 annual general meeting wednesday february 28th, 2024. start time 6:30 pm online register via this link this is a very important meeting to set the agenda for 2024, elect our executive and directors as well as announce year end awards and... 
read more 








quebec news

quebec news articles coming soon! 
read more 

















jumper for sale or lease – $ 15,000.00 cad

contact name: chris gould city: mayerthorpe contact: tsf1@telus.net website:...
read more













jumper/3 ring prospect –

contact name: cassy wunsch city: london contact: jumpersrule@rogers.com website:...
read more










no results found
the page you requested could not be found. try refining your search, or use the navigation above to locate the post.


































 







 © canadian warmblood horse breeders association
all material on this website is copyright and may not be used, linked to, or reproduced in any form without the permission of the copyright holder

 



about
contacts
important dates and events
news submission
 






facebook




instagram


site designed by peter llewellyn - peter@peterllewellyn.com 







 


















