













home

























skip to content






           












menu





 productsactuatorscurrent sensorspassive componentspedals & foot controlspiezoelectricposition sensorsswitchestemperature sensors marketsaerospace & defenseindustrialmedicaltransportation resourcesblogdatasheetsevents & press releasesliterature & downloadsvideos about ctsbrandscareersesghistoryinvestorslocations contact uscontact usdistributor stock checkwhere to buynewsletter sign-up



 
            










your partner in smart solutions®
cts is a leading designer and manufacturer of sensors, actuators and electronic components for original equipment manufacturers (oems) in a variety of markets.
learn more about cts



main content



your partner in smart solutions

products we offer
cts aims to be at the forefront of technology, delivering innovative sensing, connectivity and motion solutions to enable an intelligent and seamless world.
ferroperm piezoceramics is a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance piezoceramic components for use in complex and demanding medical, industrial, and aerospace applications.
our products

markets we serve
cts serves an assortment of applications in a variety of markets spanning the globe.
our products are recognized in many industries for their performance, reliability and engineering excellence. our customers value us for our outstanding and consistent level of service as well as for our ability to partner with them.
all markets
please wait while we gather your results.aerospace & defenseindustrialmedicaltransportationlearn about what's new at cts
please wait while we gather your results.maglab resources transitioning to cts corporation!maglab’s website and resources are being integrated into the cts corporation site! this move brings the expertise of maglab’s innovative current sensor and electrified system specialists directly to ctscts concludes  noliac and ferroperm website transfernext-gen sonar transducerspmn-pt and pin-pmn-pt piezoelectric single crystals offer increased performances in underwater sonar applications compared to traditional pzt ceramics.view all news

looking for support?
reach out to us for any inquiries, feedback, or assistance you may need. we're here to help!
contact us








 
contact us

tools & resources
blog & articles
datasheets & downloads
supplier information
distributor stock check


connect with us
careers
contact us
newsletter sign-up
where to buy


investors
governance
investor news
sec filings
stock information







            © 2024 cts corporation all rights reserved
        


accessibility statementprivacy policy隐私政策policies & documents






 



