









tahoe realty | lake tahoe & truckee real estate



























































 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer
(530) 386-0598 | login / register
search

search all listings
popular real estate
new listing notifications
user login


neighborhoods
about

bill & nora leeder
lauren barth
testimonials


contact
 menusearch

search all properties
search by neighborhoods
popular real estate
leeder featured listings
leeder sold listings
new listing notifications
user login


tahoe-truckee area

neighborhoods
golf communities
lakefront homes
lakefronts – north shore
lakefronts – west shore
luxury homes
ski resort homes
shared ownership properties
north lake tahoe homes


resources

weather forecast
road conditions


buyers & sellers

free real estate reports
current market reports
what’s my home worth
selling your home
buying made simple
quick sales tips
owner benefits
mortgage calculator
user login


blog
free reports

free real estate reports
current market reports


about

about bill and nora leeder
about lauren klemp barth
testimonials


contact
lake tahoe & truckee real estate

the right agent makes all the difference!
bill & nora leeder and laura barth


search listings
sell your home










 



get to know
bill & nora leeder


bill and nora leeder are experienced realtors® and almost lifelong residents of their area. with a deep understanding of the real estate market, they have successfully represented hundreds of clients over several decades. former owners of their own brokerage, they possess valuable insight into the complexities of buying, selling, building, and remodeling properties, navigating stringent regulations with ease. their expertise in pricing and negotiation has positioned them as leaders in the market.

continue




 



get to know
lauren klemp barth


lauren klemp barth is a dedicated and detail-oriented real estate agent with chase international, specializing in residential properties in the tahoe region. with a strong background in analytics and strategic negotiations, lauren offers clients a data-driven and personalized approach to buying and selling homes. her career spans leadership roles in ecommerce and saas, where she honed her ability to evaluate user behavior and deliver tailored solutions—skills she now leverages to provide exceptional service in real estate.

continue





showcasing our
featured listings

view all







lake tahoepopular real estate









north lake tahoe - north lake tahoe homes

homewood
tahoe park
dollar point
carnelian bay
kings beach






our motto
"the right agent makes all the difference!"
bill & nora leeder and lauren barth










golf communities - lake tahoe golf communities

martis camp
schaffer's mill
old greenwood
lahontan
tahoe donner










luxury homes - lake tahoe luxury homes

$1 million
$2 million
$3 million
$4 million
$15 million +










lakefront homes - lake tahoe lakefront homes

westshore
north shore
chinquapin
tahoe tavern
fleur du lac










lake tahoe ski resorts - lake tahoe ski resort homes

alpine meadows
homewood resort
northstar
squaw valley
tahoe donner








spotlight
adorable classic "old tahoe" cabin

view listing








start here
search listings








current
market reports








developments
what's new








”    "bill leeder is a top notch realtor. we’ve worked with many others in the past, and he is one of the very best. he was incredibly responsive, knows more about the lake tahoe housing market than anyone we’ve ever met, and he was patient with... continue" - angela s.      "bill & nora were patient, professional and i valued their candid advice throughout the process. in my 12 real estate transactions, i’ve never had a better realtor or easier process. they found us the right home at the right price and took care... continue" - brian r.      "just wanted to drop you a quick note to say thank you for your help in purchasing our 2nd home in tahoe. you were patient, professional, and i valued your candid advice throughout the process. in my 12 real estate transactions, i’ve never had a... continue" - brian      "the time has come to express our thanks for your competence and quiet zeal in selling our tower condo at brockway springs resort. your effort to prepare our place for presentation to prospective buyers was time-consuming but effective about the desired... continue" - jim m.      "bill, we were very pleased with our experience working with you and can’t imagine having a better agent. you went above and beyond what i would have expected, and we really appreciated you staying on top of everything throughout the process as well... continue" - eric & lisa   



from our blog
in the know

    how’s the market on the north & west shores of lake tahoe january 1, 2021 to september 30, 2021january 1, 2022 to september 30, 2022276 single family homes sales 186 single family homes sales down 32.6%avg. marketing time: 34 days downaverage... full story      short term rental certificates for the town of truckee on january 1, 2021, the town of truckee adopted a short term rental ordinance. on may 12, 2022 the short term rental ordinance was amended to cap the total number of short term rental certificates... full story      short term rental permits at north lake tahoe &  eastern placer county on february 22, 2022, placer county adopted a new short term rental ordinance. effective march 31, 2022 there is a cap of 3,900 total short rental permits (str’s). as of november 4, 2022, 3,213 str’s... full story   


contact uswork with a local expert
whether you are buying or selling, your real estate needs are unique to you. as your local real estate expert we are here to be your guide. contact us today - we're here to help.
contact us

footer
bill & nora leeder  lauren barthlake tahoe & truckee experts
(530) 386-0598 - bill leeder|(530) 686-5611 - lauren barth|contact us|531 north lake blvd., tahoe city, ca 96145 




 dre# bill leeder dre #00789091 | nora leeder dre #00864308 | lauren barth dre #02242587   •   sitemap   •   admin   •   ©2025 all rights reserved  •  real estate website design opens in new window by idxcentral.com













 


 
