













american scottish foundation - home








 




home|magazine2|marketplace|initiatives|business|events|tartan day|news|album|support us|about us







home





video
history of the foundation
 














 
  










the american-scottish foundation®





come join us for our march meet up. to learn more and to purchase tickets  click here.
note: not yet a member of the american-socttish foundation? become a member and attend the may meet-up on us!

if you became a member june 2024 till now -  email us and join us as our guest.


american-scottish foundation members and friends
welcome to our website where we look to keep you updated on the asf, and our partners, news, projects and events, as a portal of information for lovers of scotland.
							through our platform of projects and events asf helps share and strengthen 
the heritage and cultural message of scotland's past and future.
							
 
with your support we have a vibrant platform on facebook, twitter, instagram and our regular news bulletins
to the scottish american diaspora.

there are many ways to become involved and help support all that we do.  
we invite you to become a member and enjoy the many benefits our members enjoy.
details of membership, both individual and corporate, are available. membership is annual, from the date you join us.
we invite all to attend asf events - visit our events page often where our events are listed. members enjoy special event ticket
prices as a benefit of membership.
if you are not already receiving our newsletters you may register here for them.
if you have specific questions or ideas you would like to share please call us at the asf office on (929) 499-9025 or email us directly at americanscottishfoundation@gmail.com.
camilla g hellman, mbe
president

a look back on the asf in 2024


 
our mission 
 the american-scottish foundation®, was established in 1956 as a bridge between scotland and the united states.  its mission is as important today as when founded by lord malcolm douglas hamilton.

asf seeks to strengthen & support the future of the scottish american community, its heritage and cultural legacy through social, cultural, educational, and business activities.
lord and lady malcolmdouglas-hamilton archive

dear american-scottish foundation patrons, members and friends,
 this past november marks the 50th anniversary of the very first scotland week which took place november 11 - 17 1974 - conceived by asf co founder lady natalie douglas hamilton 

lady natalie was a wonderful marketer and we recently discovered in our library a presentation copy (hardbound with personal letter from the publisher, martin schrader) of town & country's october 1974 issue, a scotland issue - with features on whisky, clan spirit, clan chiefs, ' the new scotland', scottish fashion, 2 articles on golf, local antiques and scottish travel.  
the binding is covered in a lively dress stewart tartan.  50 years later, each of these topics seems current and engaging. and alongside other press releases and documents, the first scotland week is a template for what is now tartan week.

we urge our members to come visit the library and find treasures like this, which we have been given or kept as record of leading projects asf has been involved in in the past 70 years.

asf was formed in 1955 from the highland fund and in 1956 became a 501c3 with its name changing to the american scottish foundation. over our nearly 70 years of service to the scottish-american community.

with best wishes from the asf team
on the 46th anniversary of the first new york scotland week organized by the american scottish foundation in new york during november 11 - 19 1974, the foundation proudly announced the deeding of a sizable trove of letters, photographs, manuscripts (unpublished), books, newspaper clippings, documents relating to the work of our founders lord malcolm douglas-hamilton and his wife, lady natalie douglas-hamilton.  learn more . . . 
the scots who built new york
from the earliest days, scots have contributed much to the growth of new york city, and our series of talks titled “the scots who built new york” illustrated this.
we’ve now been developing a series of walking tour maps - the first one around lower manhattan and midtown east & west was launched in april 2019.


							for more information and to support this project, please click here. 
corporate member spotlight
  pittencrief park & house restoration vision
        the american-scottish foundation is proud work with the carnegie dunfermline trust to designate pittencrief park and house as a directed giving project of the foundation. pittencrief is an 80 acre greenspace located in the heart of the city of dunfermline, scotland. the focal point of the park is pittencrief house, a place that andrew carnegie had been banned from as a boy and later purchased and gifted to the people of dunfermline. 

to learn more about the new restoration vision project and to help participate in this endeavor please  click here. 
corporate member spotlight  news and updates on the clan hannay sorbie tower restoration appeal  
 

 corporate member spotlight
  news and updates forkids operating room

listen too david cunningham ceo, kids operating room as tells about his work with this scottish charity which is bringing children access to life-changing and life-saving surgery from africa to latin america, transforming the lives of vulnerable children. to hear visit either of our podcasts on anchor, apple podcasts or spotify.

support the american scottish foundation
there are many ways to support the foundation, including: attending events; being a member; making donations; and serving on a committee.
our programs are varied and our initiatives section showcases particular areas of asf's work, enabling gifting to programs which you specifically wish to support.
the american-scottish foundation is a non-profit 501 (c) (3) organization. 
                  donations are tax-deductible to the extent of the law.

 
 

 
thanks for signing up!
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                   sign up to stay in touch with asf!
sign up to get interesting news and asf updates delivered to your inbox. 
    

email address 

first name  sign up

by submitting this form, you are granting: american-scottish foundation, scotland house?, new york, new york, 10022-2511, united states, http://www.americanscottishfoundation.org permission to email you. you may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.  (see our email privacy policy for details.) emails are serviced by constant contact.
 




  




 


                            www.americanscottishfoundation.org



    





site development by baybytes

terms & conditions
|
privacy





