



















perry noble



home | perry noble

































menu




									about me
                

									blog
                

									podcast
                

									resources
                

									connect
                








         perry noble
        


perry is the founding and senior pastor of second chance church, and president/ceo of the growth company. he is a gifted communicator and teacher, convicted about speaking the truth as plainly as possible. god has given him a vision and a passion to reach people far from god and teach them how to follow jesus step by step.










          latest posts
        



          podcast
        




          resources
        








latests posts








                      personal
                    


september 4, 2019

my workout/exercise routine


                  so people have asked about my workout routine - well here you go - first, a few things to keep in mind. &nbsp;
#1 - disclaimer:…
                



read more












                      personal
                    


july 31, 2019

i'm still here


                  to those who see me and automatically look down (or look away in disgust)…
i’m still here! &nbsp;
i’m not at a place in life i used to…
                



read more












                      personal
                    


july 10, 2019

three years ago today...


                  three years ago today was, hands down, the most difficult day of my life...
... i lost everything, and felt both hopeless and…
                



read more








          more posts
        







recently on the podcast



march 13, 2023

people vs products


                  this week on the perry noble leadership podcast, perry and cole sit down to discuss the dynamics of organizations and leaders who lead from…
                



                  listen now
              




march 6, 2023

7 core values that cement the stability of our staff (part two)


                  this week on the perry noble leadership podcast we're diving back in and talking through the remaining core values of our staff at second…
                



                  listen now
              



view the podcast








resources


overcoming anxiety


               i know what's its like to be paralyzed by the worry, fear and doubt that anxiety brings into our lives; however, i've learned how to walk…
             


view resource



i can win with weight


               in my book “i can win with weight” i was able to share about my struggle with weight, and how i discovered the right combination of eating,…
             


view resource



the most excellent way to lead


               do you want to be the best leader you can be?
if you’re like me, it’s hard to know where to start. with so much leadership advice out…
             


view resource



view all resources







© 2005–2025 all rights reserved























									privacy policy
								
|

									reprinting & reposting terms
								













