









blue plate: chicago’s caterer & dining partner




















































skip to main content
























































































































































































































































































                            our offerings                            



our offerings




catered events
from social gatherings to weddings to corporate events, no vision is too bold for us.






workplace dining
for organizations that want to provide a distinctive and delicious benefit for their stakeholders.






delivery
whether it’s breakfast, lunch, dinner, or snacks, our delicious drop-off has something for everyone.







                            our story                            



who we are




our story
we’re proud to share our storied history, and look forward to every chapter the future holds.






our food
like we always say, ‘food is only the beginning,’ so it’s a good place to start.






our home
every square-inch of our 80,000 square-foot home was designed with hospitality in mind.






our venues




order online 

contact a specialist 

 














we are blue plate
food is only the beginning
















chicago's most trusted partner for catered events, workplace dining, and delivery. we're happy people making people happy – 40 years and counting.









learn more about our story







our offerings
we’ve got you covered













catered events
from weddings to corporate events, private parties to galas, when it matters most, we're the partner you can trust to get it right.



learn about our eventscontact an event specialist 







workplace dining
give your employees healthy, fresh, and diverse culinary offerings in your workplace with our customized food service programs.



learn about workplace diningcontact a workplace specialist 







delivery
whether it’s breakfast, lunch, or dinner, in the office, or at home, we're the best route to delicious, quality food.



learn about deliverystart online order 








we are the heart of hospitality
we believe great food and service are the foundation of our successful long-term client partnerships. providing creative hospitality solutions is born from our mantra to “care more.”














our story
trusted for over 40 years
from humble beginnings to a state-of-the-art food service facility in fulton market, we’re only getting started.

                            learn about blue plate                            
















our food
quality food made from scratch
at the end of the day, if your tastebuds are happy, we’re happy. blue plate’s renowned culinary team is your resource for creative cuisine, innovative design and stunning presentations.
learn about our food















our venues
chicago’s venue authority
from great halls and historic landmarks to intimate private spaces, we are a preferred partner at more than 85 iconic chicago venues. blue plate is seen in all the right places.
learn about our venues















conscious catering
sustainability is in our dna. as chicago’s first green-certified caterer, we practice what we preach. from our state-of-the-art 80,000 square-foot facility, to composting, sourcing, and event best practices, we will continually strive to be eco-conscious in everything we do. 
learn about our sustainability  




















ready to plan your unique experience?
contact an event specialist to share your vision and let's start planning!
contact an event specialist












contact
careers
table talk
sustainability
privacy
terms


























sign up for our newsletter

























            © 2025 blue plate catering, ltd. |  1362 w. fulton st. | chicago il 60607        




















