



vasectomy.md for expert no-needle, no-scalpel vasectomy & reversals in orange county, california






































































 


 






read the pnn article describing how dr.â benderevâ has lead the way in california with virtual vasectomy consults


schedule a virtual consult in the privacy of your own home 


 


 


 


 






 
 







welcome  to vasectomy.md
          
when you're looking for the best vasectomy, you'll want to meet dr. benderev in california. dr.â benderevâ has performedâ over 15,000 vasectomiesâ and is theâ firstâ known doctor to use theâ "no-needle no-scalpel vasectomy”â in california.â â there are approximately 500,000 vasectomies performed each year in the u.s. and we have become one of the major vasectomy centers in the united states by treatingâ everyâ patient for the important decision that this procedure represents.          
information about dr. theodore benderev
a practicing urologic surgeon for over 30 years, dr. benderev has earned an exceptional reputation with patients and physicians for his specialized less-invasive procedure and caring manner.  

            he specializes in vasectomies and founded vasectomy.com,â which highlights his continual dedication to education and improving standards in vasectomy care.

find out more about dr. benderev 

on-line consultation
on-line (virtual) consultation allows you (and your partner) the option of your initial meeting with dr. benderev in the privacy of your own home of office. the state of california mandates an initial consultation and now, with telehealth, dr. benderev can explain a vasectomy and answer your questions, without the need for you to spend valuable time driving, especially when you are located further from one of dr. benderev's offices.
why choose the vasectomy institute of california

dr. benderev has performed over 15,000 vasectomies.
 when you decide to have a vasectomy, check whether your doctor is a urologic surgeon or a family practitioner. besides vasectomies, what else do they do?  dr. benderev is an experienced urologic surgeon, who only performs vasectomies. 
 after your procedure, you will be provided dr. benderev's personal cell phone number for any questions you might have.

 dr. benderev performed the first known no-needle no-scalpel vasectomy in california. 

 dr. benderev is the founder of vasectomy.com. 



state  of the art technique with caring staff
we offer a private consultation, rather than the group consultations commonly  performed elsewhere. the urology practice of dr. benderev is widely recognized for the most modern medical techniques and friendly staff.â hours are conveniently availableâ weekdays.â we are centrally located within orange county in mission viejo and  within riverside county in corona.

            our office regularly serves patients from these areas: laguna hills, laguna niguel, ladera ranch, aliso viejo, foothill ranch, rancho santa margarita, lake forest, dana point, san juan capistrano, laguna beach, san clemente, talega, irvine, fountain valley, newport beach, huntington beach, tustin and surrounding regions, such as riverside county, los angeles, san diego.


find out more  about the practice 
make  an appointment today! 














call
              888-vasectomy
              888-827-3286






check out theodore benderev, md on yelp
check out theodore benderev, md - the vasectomy doctor on yelp 
 











chosen for vasectomy on the real housewives of orange county




for women


 vasectomy information source for wives and partners


vasectomy vs. tubal ligation vs. essureâ®


 questions and answers









               


 


 


 

 
 






home | no-needle, no-scalpel vasectomy | anatomy & terms | risks & complications | alternatives | what to expect | vasectomy procedure | vasectomy reversal | dr. benderev | request an appointment | contact us


site  content copyright © 1999-2025 theodore v. benderev, m.d. all rights reserved. 
	        1-888-vasectomy (888-827-3286) 
notice of privacy practices
no surprises act
            you have the right to receive a good faith estimate of what your services may cost.
          
the content of this  site is provided for information only and not for medical advice.  this site  makes no claims as to the accuracy of its information and is not a substitute  for direct consultation with your health care professional. 
dr. ted benderev  is a well known urologist since the1990's who has performed more than 15,000 vasectomy  and vasectomy reversal procedures. his practice is conveniently located in the orange county communities including aliso viejo, anaheim, costa mesa, corona, fountain valley, fullerton, huntington beach, irvine, ladera ranch, laguna hills,  laguna niguel, mission viejo, newport beach, orange, rancho santa margarita,  san juan capistrano, santa ana, san clemente, tustin, westminster, and adjacent inland empire counties of riverside and san bernardino, san diego and los angeles. 






























