








 




hearing health center | chicago audiologists | hearing aids |
































































  









































 






skip to content











 make a payment

 

 online hearing test

 book an appointment

 

 call: 312 260 5037

 














instagram





facebook





tiktok











 







menu




 

cart







hearing health center in chicago 







 

cart







search

home 
our team dr. ronna fisher 
dr. ning jing 
dr. brienne honan 
dr. lindsey koehn 
dr. david taylor 
dr. sheri larks 
dr. stephanie throne 

hearing aids which is the best hearing aid 
choosing a hearing aid 
hearing aid technology 
hearing aid pricing 
hearing aid styles and cosmetics 
insurance & financing 
full service leasing plan 

services baseline hearing checkups 
ear wax removal 
diagnostic hearing tests 
tinnitus consultations & treatment 
hearing aid services 
hearing protection 

locations downtown chicago 
naperville 
oak brook 
highland park 
park ridge / norwood park 

about why hearing health center 
blog ask the audiologist 
hearing issues 
how to videos 
hearing aid advice 
news 

videos your hearing, your health 
testimonials 
virtual tours 
tinnitus 
you can do it! 
media & press 
otc 
walter jacobson 
fisher foundation 

careers 
contact us 
reviews 

the shop 
fisher foundation fisher foundation scholarship 

 


close menu



close cart























 





chicagoland’s most trusted audiologists 

 














 book an appointmentschedule afree hearing checkup
















		    voted best practice in chicago and suburbs 3 years in a row	    




 











		    state of illinois outstanding audiology services award	    




 











		    winner of nextdoor’s neighborhood faves	    




 











		    satisfaction guaranteed	    




 










hearing health news for you 




being in the moment has never been easier, even in the noisiest of environments! 

 







 





						phonak audeo sphere infinio filters out noise from speech allowing you to never miss a sound or word. it’s the world’s first hearing aid with an ai chip, discreet look, unparalleled speech quality, all-day rechargeable batteries, and it connects to more bluetooth devices than any other hearing aids! schedule your consultation and demo today.					








 book an appointment















expanded team, expanded care: we’re here to help you hear better!


 










 










 










 










 










with the addition of these new providers, we’re making it easier than ever for you to get the hearing care you need. enjoy more flexible scheduling, quicker service, and expanded access to the latest hearing technology. whether you’re seeking a comprehensive hearing assessment, a new set of hearing aids, or ongoing support, our growing team is ready to help you hear better and live better. 





 book an appointment















don’t buy hearing aids anywhere ‘til you read this booklet 




it will help you make the right decisions about what to do, where to go. click here to order. 

 







 



 






the proven process is an entertaining new guide written by dr. ronna fisher to help you take the right steps on your journey to improved hearing. it gives you fresh information about hearing care and how to be sure of satisfaction with your hearing aids. she and her team of highly-qualified board certified audiologists and technology experts have developed this unique process over nearly 40 years of experience. it’s what made us the most trusted practice in the chicago area. 

 















hearing issues? call 312 260 5037 for a free hearing checkup 

 




















five convenient chicago hearing treatment locations
chicagoland’s most trusted audiologists


 













downtownchicago 




audiologistsmagnificent mile142 e. ontario st., ste 1100312-263-7171 





learn more


















naperville 




audiologistsfox run square, #1031212 south naper blvd630-369-8878 





learn more


















oak brook 




audiologistsoakbrook prof. bldg.120 oakbrook center, ste 709630-571-7111 





learn more


















highland park 




audiologistscrossroads shopping ctr.185 skokie valley road847-681-7000 





learn more


















park ridge 




audiologistspresence resurrection med. ctr.7447 west talcott #360773-466-8878 





learn more















 















 






the revolutionary lyric™ hearing aid will change your life! 

 







100% invisible







clear, natural sound











no daily hassle







no batteries to change


















 






lyric is the world’s only 100% invisible, extended-wear hearing device you can wear 24/7.
how to insert and remove a lyric hearing aid (video) 





learn more
























 






frequently asked questions about hearing health:
by dr. ronna fisher 







  how do we actually hear?




the sole purpose of your outer ear is to collect sound. it sends the sound down your ear canal to your eardrum. the eardrum starts to vibrate which causes the 3 bones (the 3 smallest bones in your body) in your middle ear to vibrate. the vibrations are transferred to your inner ear where millions of tiny hair cells respond and send the information to your brain. your brain then processes and makes sense of the information it received. 





  what is a hearing heath problem?




any time there is a change in hearing clarity and understanding, there is a hearing health problem.
 
when certain sounds are missing, your brain is not getting all of the stimulation it needs to process and make sense of the sounds it’s receiving. 





  how do i know if my hearing problem is correctable?




there are two types of hearing problems. one is medically or surgically treatable. one is treatable with sound and hearing devices customized for you.
 

a conductive hearing problem is when the sound cannot get from the outer ear to the inner ear. some examples are: wax blocking the ear canal, a hole in the eardrum, fluid in the middle ear (fluid in the middle ear is the number one reason for pediatric visits), one of the tiny bones in the middle ear gets stuck and cannot move. most conductive hearing problems can be corrected medically or surgically. however, conductive hearing problems comprise only 5% of all hearing issues.


a sensori-neural hearing problem is any problem that originates in the inner ear and/or auditory nerve. 95% of all hearing issues are sensori-neural and are not medically or surgically treatable. the number one cause of sensori-neural hearing problems is exposure to noise. common, everyday noises (traffic, appliances, music in exercise classes, etc) are loud enough to damage or kill the tiny hair cells in the inner ear that respond to sound. when these hair cells are damaged or destroyed, the inner ear is only sending partial information to your brain resulting in a lack of clarity and understanding.

 
the only treatment for sensori-neural hearing problems is using some type of hearing device to correct the deficit. 





  who has hearing health issues?




hearing problems can affect anyone at any age. it is naturally more common as we get older because we’ve exposed our ears to more noise throughout our lifetime. interestingly, since the advent of personal listening systems (ipods, mp3 players), nearly as many teenagers have hearing problems as 60 year olds!
 

one third of those between ages 40-49 have some degree of decreased hearing
every other person over the age of 50 experiences difficulty hearing clearly in certain situations
one half of those over 70 have a significant hearing problem
people wait much too long to have a hearing checkup and get treatment
 





  how do i know if i am really having hearing issues?




because you’re not deaf and can actually hear okay, sometimes it’s difficult to know if there’s really a problem. remember, most people with hearing problems hear fine; they just don’t understand…the voices aren’t clear. that’s why it takes so long to recognize that you really have a significant hearing issue, even though your spouse, kids, and friends have been telling you for years.
 

you know someone is talking, but you don’t understand what they’re saying.
you accuse your spouse, kids, co-workers, or friends of mumbling. you hear fine…they just don’t speak clearly.
you have no difficulty understanding when you are in a quiet room with one person, facing one another.
you have trouble understanding some people in a group (4 or more).
you have difficulty understanding someone from another room.
it is especially hard to understand what people are saying when there’s a lot of background noise.
you don’t always hear the movie, play, pastor/rabbi clearly. you miss the punch line of the joke.
you prefer the tv louder than those watching with you.
find yourself saying, “what?” “huh?” “pardon me?” “could you repeat that?”

 
two or more yes answers indicate a possible hearing deficit. early detection and treatment is essential to preserve brain processing. you should have a baseline hearing checkup. 





  i have normal hearing -  why do i still have trouble understanding and hearing clearly?




“how is your dad?” jeremy asked his boss sitting across the table at a recent dinner party. “he died,” said his partner.  “that’s great.  tell him i said hello.”
 
jeremy knew something was wrong from the stricken look on everyone’s face.  when his wife leaned over and whispered, “he said his father died.”  jeremy wanted to crawl under the table and disappear.  he thought his boss said, “he’s fine.”
 
jeremy called his doctor the next morning to get his hearing checked.  he was only 42, but this was not the first time jeremy had misunderstood.  he was having more trouble hearing in court, making out what his wife said from another room and sometimes even when he was in the same room.
 
he was surprised when the doctor told him the tests were normal and his hearing was fine.  “you just need to pay more attention,” his doctor said.
 
jeremy’s struggle to understand in everyday listening situations is not uncommon.   studies over the last 10 years show that changes and deterioration of auditory processing in the brain begins at age 40.  these changes are not detectable on a hearing test.
 
so what happens when you turn 40?
 
hearing vs understanding.  they are not the same.
 
hearing is about loudness.  if your hearing goes down, you just make the sound louder, right?
 
wrong!
 
as any wearer of hearing aids knows, making them louder does not make them clearer.  turning up the volume does not mean you are going to understand any better.
 
understanding is about processing.  your brain has to sort out, filter and make sense of all the sounds it receives.  how does it do that?  what does your brain need so you can understand clearly?
 

temporal processing – the rate at which we can process auditory information. the ability to follow rapid changes in speech, music and other sounds.

 
have you ever thought that kids talk too fast? they are on their third sentence and you are still processing the first one.  kids do not talk any faster than they always did.  your temporal processing has slowed down.
 
the slower your temporal processing, the more time you will need to understand what someone is saying.
 

working memory – the mental sticky note we use to temporarily store and use information. often used synonymously with short-term memory, working memory is critical for learning, reasoning and decision-making.

 
when you have difficulty understanding, your brain has to concentrate more and listen harder.  you brain is so intensely focused on trying to understand, that it does not have the resources to transfer the information to your memory.  therefore, even if you “get it” your brain cannot store it.
 

auditory distraction – irrelevant sounds that break through your attention and focus and impairs your cognitive function.

 
in order to participate in a conversation, especially in a difficult listening environment, your brain has to separate all of the incoming sounds and focus on one of them.
 
beginning at around age 40, the brain cannot filter out distracting information as well as it used to.  the ability to encode and retrieve words severely erodes in “background babble.”
 
what can you do?
 
while you cannot change mother nature, there are a few things you can do to help you understand more clearly
 

if you can, turn off the tv, radio, music and any other distracting sounds
eyes help make up for what the ears miss. try to face and look at the person with whom you are speaking
in restaurants, try to sit in a booth or a table where you are facing the wall and the noise is behind you.
hearing aids and psap’s (personal sound amplifying products). the solution for most people with a hearing problem, attention deficit disorder, or focus issues, is usually to make the signal (speech) louder than the noise or distraction.  amplifying the speech, even when hearing tests are normal, allows for easier listening and less distractions.

 
increasingly, hearing aids and the lower cost counterparts, psap’s (which are not intended to correct hearing but make sound louder) are being fit and worn to use in those distracting and difficult situations or anytime when understanding clearly is a problem.
 

beck dl. (2015) invisible hearing loss american academy of audiology web site.
fullgrabe c, moore bcj, stone ma. (2015) age-group differences in speech identification despite matched audiometrically normal hearing: contributions from auditory temporal processing and cognition. frontiers.
grose gh, mamo sk, buss e, hall jw. (2015) temporal processing deficits in middle age. american journal of audiology 24:91.
helfer ks, vargo m. (2009) speech recognition and temporal processing in middle-aged women. journal of the american academy of audiology20(4):264-271.
baycrest centre for geriatric care.
bit.ly/bg-babble
 



 











insights on hearing issues 

 










 






the link between heart issues and hearing loss
the american heart association reports that heart disease is the leading cause of death in both men and women, with nearly 787,000 deaths in the united states linked to heart disease, stroke and other cardiovascular diseases in 2018 or 1 in 3 people. for women, cardiovascular disease ranks as the number 1 killer, resulting in more deaths than all forms of cancer. these statistics alone push cardiovascular disease to the top of the list for america’s most serious health issue…
  





 








learn more
























 










having trouble making up your mind about hearing care? 




read ‘the proven process’by dr. ronna fisher 




download this informative, entertaining little booklet to help you decide. learn about the proven process for patient satisfaction that has made hearing health center the most trusted audiologists in the midwest for over 35 years. 

 









download the book
proven process

first name(required) last name(required) your email(required)

mobile phonecaptchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 








δ



 





















back to top



hearing health center 



























 






services 



baseline hearing checkups
ear wax removal
diagnostic hearing tests
tinnitus consultations & treatment
hearing protection
total hearing care









hearing aids 



which hearing aid is best
choosing a hearing aid
technology & pricing
hearing aid styles
insurance & financing









why hearing health center 



our philosophy
awards and achievements
reviews & testimonials
hhc in the press




why hearing health center
our blog














chicago audiologists 



meet our audiologists









resources 



ask the audiologist
hearing issues
what is tinnitus?
cognitive function & hearing









contact us 



book an appointment
contact us
find a location
privacy policy






 



 



 



 



 



 












 







							rights reserved.© 2025 hearing health center.
website by simplified solutions digital marketing 






















 













 
 












 




 



























 

































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okprivacy policy

 

