



	disciple's cross - christian crafts


















 
welcome, you have 0 items in your cart sign-up|  view cart|checkout



site search







home

our producers
our product
join today
















					your cart is empty.















starter kitsuppliescrosses



































email address:
newsletternewsletter list dec 2016prospects












 instagram@disciplescross













































email address:





password:
you will be prompted to enter your password on the next page







create an account
forgot password?










enter our site for:












fundraising opportunities - click here!



 









history
protected copyright
description



a letter from pastor john, founder
hi, my name is john raymond, and i am the pastor of a church in slidell, louisiana. 
disciple's cross™ was started as a craft idea at a summer youth camp in the early 90's.  i was continually able to meet the growing demand for my disciple's cross™ necklaces, until my appearance on the emmy award winning cbs television show, survivor: thailand. 
after wearing one of my unique, hand-made crosses on the show, interest skyrocketed and disciple’s cross was born. my family and i operated out of a spare bedroom in our small home, and now we are blessed to be a part of an amazing network of our producers that help keep this ministry alive. 
 
reaching the world together, john raymond





the disciple’s cross is made up of three distinct components. the simulated leather cord reminds us of the leather straps used to beat our savior; the wrapped wire stands for the thorn branches twisted into a a crown to mock the king of kings; and the nails represent the large spikes that were driven into the hands and feet of the lord of lords.
 matthew 16:24"then jesus said to his disciples, 'if anyone wishes to come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross and follow me.'"
as you carry your disciple’s cross with you, consider the sacrifice that jesus made for you and take up your cross and follow him.














fundraising opportunities - click here!

 testimonials



 

 








disciple's cross necklace

your price: as low as $7.25







		our disciple's cross necklaces come in single, double or triple color combinations. 

select a color in the dropdown box below to preview.  (some colors may not be yet available for preview).
	  








disciple's cross starter kit 

your price: $129.95


quantity:  

 


		the starter kit has everything you need to learn how to make 25 disciple's cross necklaces with a retail value of over $370.00.
	  








customized plier pack

your price: $69.95


quantity:  

 


		our customized disciple's cross plier pack includes all of the specialized tools you will need to make a perfect disciple's cross.
	  








customizable tool box

your price: $69.95


quantity:  

 


		this double-layered customizable tool box will store and transport everything you need to make your disciple's cross necklaces on-the-go.
	  










disciple's cross business-in-a-box

your price: $239.80


quantity:  

 


		with our business-in-a-box, you will have everything you need to launch your disciple's cross business professionally and profitably with a retail value of almost $750.00.
	  








disciple's cross custom display stand

your price: $19.95


quantity:  

 


		display stand
	  










home| login| order status| contact us
© 2025 disciple's cross - christian crafts, all rights reserved.


powered by network solutions online store







