







alternative approaches | because there's always an alternative...











































press "enter" to skip to content




search


search alternative approaches





 







february 17, 2025 

open menu
 

 back








trending on alternative approaches

 culture, musicthe san francisco sound: ‘white rabbit,’ grace slick, and the grea... on this sunday's the sixties in 60 radio show on the barrel of rock, i play...
 health and psychologyspiritual sex: beyond the physical spiritual sex encompasses sexual energy that goes beyond physical sensation...
 cultureincident at starbucks today we visited the new harris teeter that just opened on reynolda road wh...
 music, performancekeeping phoebe snow’s music alive in winston-salem i can't remember the last time i heard phoebe snow's "poetry man" on the ra...
 musicsoundtrack to the sixties except for a few college stations, there’s absolutely no creativity left in...





 now on foss forceasahi linux adopts collective leadership after lead dev quits february 14, 2025after asahi linux's founder and lead developer abruptly quit on thursday, the project moves forward with seven developers sharing the lead role. the post asahi linux adopts collective leadership after lead dev quits appeared first on foss force. larry cafierothe foss force almost open tech news quiz (2/14/25) february 14, 2025we're revising our weekly news quiz, which we pretty much abandoned three or four years ago. this inaugural quiz for the reboot is only seven questions, so it's a quick in-and-out, win-or-lose for those who want to play. the post the foss force almost open tech news quiz (2/14/25) appeared first on foss force. foss forcezsa’s erez zuckerman talks about (what else?) ergonomic keyboards february 13, 2025the co-founder of top-shelf ergonomic keyboard maker zsa technologies talks about open source, the company's user community, its relationships with its competition, and more. the post zsa’s erez zuckerman talks about (what else?) ergonomic keyboards appeared first on foss force. bruce byfieldfoss force deal of the week: type — type-c hub 10 in 1 february 12, 2025type-c hub 10 in 1 usb c to 4k hdmi+rj45+pd 100w charge+usb3.0+vga+sd/tf card reader dock. the post foss force deal of the week: type — type-c hub 10 in 1 appeared first on foss force. gin landerschatgpt looks into musk’s move on its parent company february 11, 2025"we thought it would be interesting to ask openai’s chatgpt how much it thinks its parent organization should be worth." the post chatgpt looks into musk’s move on its parent company appeared first on foss force. christine hall 


homealternative approaches



after fox fires tucker carlson, vegas plays ‘who’s next’ 

after fox fires tucker carlson, vegas plays ‘who’s next’

by christine hall on april 26, 2023 

las vegas oddsmakers are taking bets on where tucker carlson will end up, now that he's no longer welcome at fox news. they're also taking bets on who will be fired next at the faux news network -- as well as who will get the ax next at cnn, now that don lemon has been pushed out the door.
continue readingafter fox fires tucker carlson, vegas plays ‘who’s next’ 



the san francisco sound: ‘white rabbit,’ grace slick, and the great society 

the san francisco sound: ‘white rabbit,’ grace slick, and the great society

by christine hall on october 31, 2022 

grace slick, jerry slick, david miner, bard dupont and darby slick in 1965.
on this sunday’s the sixties in 60 radio show on the barrel of rock, i played a “lost” recording of grace slick with the great society. the recording wasn’t really lost, of course, since nothing is really lost in the age of the internet where you can find anything you want with a thorough search, but in the old days it would have been considered, at the very least, rare.
continue readingthe san francisco sound: ‘white rabbit,’ grace slick, and the great society 



judaic incunabula: an evening’s encounter with survivors from my distant past 

judaic incunabula: an evening’s encounter with survivors from my distant past

by alternativeapproaches on july 7, 2022 

by sally wiener grotta
source: pixabay
i recently spent an evening of wonder and reflection in the company of several judaic incunabula (printed books in hebrew from the 15th century) at philadelphia’s rosenbach museum & library. each was a personality and story, bound by hand and laden with transmitted memory. my guide through their histories, typography and quirks was judy guston, the rosenbach’s curator and senior director of collections, who also happens to be a fascinating storyteller. i was entranced, and the time went by far too quickly.
continue readingjudaic incunabula: an evening’s encounter with survivors from my distant past 



green check wants to be why your pot dealer can have a bank account 

green check wants to be why your pot dealer can have a bank account

by christine hall on july 6, 2022 

as state governments work to make sure that legalizing recreational marijuana doesn’t open a door for illegal drug cartels and/or the mob, legitimate cannabis vendors have been struggling to obtain services that are essential to running a business.
source: pixabay
at this early stage of the game, it’s not easy being a legal pot dealer in the u.s. no matter how legal you may be in the state where you operate, to federal law enforcement you are a multiple felon — if they want to go after you.
although the feds haven’t been going after these newly minted legal dealers (and have indicated they have no plans to do so), their legal status on the federal level has been somewhat problematic, both to them and to other companies that want to do business with them.
continue readinggreen check wants to be why your pot dealer can have a bank account 



becoming spaceworthy: a season of reason and change 

becoming spaceworthy: a season of reason and change

by david james salvia on april 4, 2022 

the untamed mind set loose without being tempered by the needs of physical existence, which is life, cannot be sustained. welcome to spaceship earth.
source: pixabay
imagine a space-going vessel, not something small containing only humans, but a vast one teeming with life.   imagine living in space, not just with other people, but with forests and lakes full of all manner of fish, flora, and fauna.  for a species to establish a true space-faring civilization, it must survive its own technology and root that civilization in a healthy, viable environment.   we will not be able to populate other star systems without taking nature with us.  we need wolves and rabbits, deer and field mice, wild horses, bear and fowl.  if we are to become such a spaceworthy species, we need to consciously define and claim a new ecological niche. there is more to the story.
continue readingbecoming spaceworthy: a season of reason and change 



posts navigation
1
2
…
9
next
 


 art (4)

astrology & numerology (6)

books (5)

commentary (12)

culture (8)

environment (2)

health and psychology (2)

magick & spirituality (10)

music (4)

performance (2)







recently on alternative approaches


after fox fires tucker carlson, vegas plays ‘who’s next’


the san francisco sound: ‘white rabbit,’ grace slick, and the great society


judaic incunabula: an evening’s encounter with survivors from my distant past


green check wants to be why your pot dealer can have a bank account


becoming spaceworthy: a season of reason and change


 





because there's always an alternative... 






mission news theme by compete themes.            












