








first hartford realty corporation | development, acquisition, management


























































 





skip to content








linkedin 

(860) 646-6555 first hartford realty corporation 










 propertiesabout usdevelopmentpreferredretailmultifamilycontact 









search for:




















homeadmin2021-04-16t19:04:27+00:00 
first hartford realty corporationfirst hartford realty corporation is engaged in the acquisition, development and management of commercial and multifamily properties. the real estate owned and managed by the company through various subsidiaries is located in connecticut, delaware, louisiana, massachusetts, new jersey, new york, rhode island and texas.
first hartford’s diverse portfolio ranges from single-tenant retail properties, regional power center, grocery anchored community centers, and a multifamily portfolio of over 1,000 units. our portfolio includes everything from stabilized properties that have been operating successfully for decades to new retail and multifamily developments currently under construction. we take tremendous pride not only in our properties but also in the relationships that we have developed with our clients and residents, several have been with us for decades.
first hartford takes pride in our flexibility to handle a variety of project types. however, all have a common thread – construction. we act as the general contractor on the majority of our developments so we can better control costs, quality and schedules.
in addition to our real estate holdings first hartford is engaged as a preferred developer for cvs health and cumberland farms. in this capacity we have assisted cvs in opening over 250 locations and over 50 locations on behalf of cumberland farms. we have spent decades cultivating relationships throughout the markets where we operate to deliver projects on time, on budget and on scope for our clients.
servicesdevelopmentdevelopment experts
we handle all aspects of development, including site selection, negotiation, permitting and construction. please contact us for information regarding specific locations.
constructionconstruction expertise
first hartford prides itself on flexibility to handle a variety of project types. but all have a common thread: construction. we act as general contractor to better control costs, quality and schedules.
property managementproperty management
first hartford effectively manages 1,200 multifamily units in the northeast through its wholly owned subsidiary fhrc management corp.

our clients
0housing units developed0+ sfretail developed0+developments completed



 
 





 

 first hartford realtycorporation

149 colonial roadmanchester, ct 06042
(860) 646-6555

 

 
 
 





		copyright  by first hartford realty corporation | all rights reserved
audited financial statements | consolidated appropriations act & transparency
as we continue to work on the transparency in coverage requirements, the first milestone was the availability of the machine readable files (mrfs) by 7/1/2022.
our vendor, sapphire-digital, has completed the housing of network files which can be found via the following link: 
https://ultrabenefits-uat.sapphiremrfhub.com 


linkedin
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


























 


go to top





