







godspeaks

















































        
          
            godspeaks
          
        
      




















































            resources
          

            about
          

            know god
          


















































































resourcesaboutknow god





                
                  
                    godspeaks
                  
                
              











scroll








“i love you!”











godspeaks is a place for you to be reminded, encouraged, and blessed by the words and thoughts of god. he loves you. in fact, he’s crazy about you. and he wants you to know it. click on the quotes below for a little encouragement straight from god. 

 











i am the living one















you are never alone















i can fix what’s broken



  











my love for you never changes















i am closer than you think















you are my greatest investment



 


    more resources for you
  








need hope?sign up to receive our free 365-day devotional. the godspeaks team and dr. tommy boland have put together this special 365-day devotional to encourage you throughout the year.




    get your free devotional now
  











dig deeper

 











more thoughts from god















answers to your tough questions















tools for spiritual growth



  






share the good newsgive the gift of life. make a financial contribution to share this same hope with others.




    give now
  











“call to me and i will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know.” jeremiah 33:3








get answers to life’s tough questionsfind in-depth answers to life’s bigger questions in this free q&a pdf download.




    download now
  











god's thoughts about your life



highlight articles



need encouragement



dig deeper



give



jeremiah 33:3



download












copyright (c)  godspeaks


connect with us.




























 

 







