











hohokam stadium - city of mesa


























































opens in new tab or window 






skip to main content




quick links


facebookinstagramxlinkedinnextdoor



english (us) select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagearabic select this as your preferred languagechinese (simplified) select this as your preferred languagechinese (traditional) select this as your preferred languagekorean select this as your preferred languageromanian select this as your preferred languagerussian select this as your preferred languagetagalog (filipino) select this as your preferred languagevietnamese select this as your preferred language



            select a language to translate to
		




english (us) select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagearabic select this as your preferred languagechinese (simplified) select this as your preferred languagechinese (traditional) select this as your preferred languagekorean select this as your preferred languageromanian select this as your preferred languagerussian select this as your preferred languagetagalog (filipino) select this as your preferred languagevietnamese select this as your preferred language






open side menu





					city of mesa - home - logo
					



open search




search












activities & culture

sub-menu

arts & culturesub-menu

arizona museum of natural historyidea museummesa arts centerpublic art programcity calendarsub-menu

celebrate mesaregional unity walkmonthly childhood immunization clinicdobson ranch golf coursedowntown mesamesa historical museummesa public libraryparks, recreation and community facilitiessub-menu

parks & facilitiesregistration for activities & membershipspark rulesrecreation facilitiespools and aquaticsadaptive recreationathleticsoutdoor education and programsschool break campsvolunteers and internshipsspecial eventsnon-playable turf reduction projectwho we areshop mesavisit mesa

business & development
sub-menu

ada for businessdevelopment servicessub-menu

planningbuilding permit & plan reviewconstruction inspectionssmall business assistancedevelopment services management teamdowntown transformationsub-menu

downtown incentivesdowntown projectseconomic developmentengineeringsub-menu

architectural/engineering design opportunitiesconstruction bid opportunities and resultsconstruction manager at risk & job order contracting opportunitiesdesign-build opportunitiesengineering contractsjob order contract notificationsmesa design standardsfalcon field airportfilm mesalicensingsub-menu

liquor licensemesa general business licensemobile food vendor licenseshort-term rental licensespecialty business licensepermits & licensesprocurement servicessub-menu

how to do business with mesavendor self servicebid opportunitiescontract searchother procurement opportunitiesreal estate servicesright of way management groupsub-menu

local franchising authoritysmall wireless facility installations in right of wayspecial event licensestart or grow your businesstemporary traffic control permitstransaction privilege (tpt) taxsub-menu

business codestpt taxable activities detailstransient lodging tax

careers & benefits
sub-menu

city job opportunitiessub-menu

employment opportunities with partner agenciesemployee benefitssub-menu

activeretireenew employeedeferred compensationhealth & wellness programslegal / id shieldunited pet careeligibilityqualifying event/special enrollmentaca / irs form 1095retirement programshuman resourcesjob descriptions & pay plansworkers' compensation provider information

education & workforce
sub-menu

mesa college promisemesa family resource centercity job opportunitiesjob connect mesaworkforce center @ mesaaarp experience corp mesaread on mesamesa k-readyfafsa resourcesged classesbusiness education partnership opportunities

environment & sustainability
sub-menu

mesa climate action planenvironmental programssub-menu

air qualitydrain or backwash your pool or spaenvironmental requirements for constructionstormwaterliving greensub-menu

mesa youth climate action fundsustainability savings tipswater conservationsub-menu

top 10 reasons to convert to xeriscapeorder conservation publicationsresidential grass-to-xeriscape and tree bonus incentive programsave water indoors and outwater management for commercial customerswater management for hoasyour water. your impact.

government
sub-menu

mayor & city councilsub-menu

mayor mark freemancouncilmember rich adamscouncilmember julie spilsburycouncilmember francisco herediacouncilmember jenn duffcouncilmember alicia goforthvice mayor scott somerscity managersub-menu

assistant city managerabout mesaadvisory boards & committeessub-menu

board of adjustmentbuilding board of appealsdesign review boarddevelopment advisory forumeconomic development advisory boardeducation & workforce development roundtableemployee benefits advisory committeehistoric preservation boardhousing & community development advisory boardhuman relations advisory boardjudicial advisory boardmesa local fire and police pension boardsmerit system boardmuseum and cultural advisory boardparks & recreation advisory boardpersonnel appeals boardplanning & zoning boardplanning / zoning hearingsself-insurance board of trusteestransportation advisory boardbonds & obligationscapital improvement programcity attorneysub-menu

civil officecommunity involvementlegal resourcescity auditorsub-menu

auditsaudit planfraud & ethics hotlinecity clerksub-menu

electionseleccionescampaign finance & reportingcity chartercity codeintroduced ordinancesordinances & resolutionspublic meeting noticescity council meetingssub-menu

city council meeting comment cardcity projectssub-menu

aripine playground project - cp1182capbroadway road improvements - cp0666countryside dog park - cp0933crismon & elliot basin projecteastern canal shared use path - cp0673 / cp0730cap / cp1060elliot road roadway improvements - cp0982ellsworth road - cp0969 / cp1015 / cp0620np17food waste to energy initiativegateway library project - cp0428caplehi crossing shared use path - cp0672mountain vista trail - cp0854northeast public safety facility - cp0913ray rd. connection to ellsworth - cp0983capred mountain shared use path - cp0733reed park project - lf0570capsignal butte park phase ii - cp0707sirrine house project - lf0431 / cp1171sirrsmart citysmart metersuniversity & stapley intersection - c05041capval vista drive - cp0062westwood utility and roadway improvements - cp0832wr04whitman playground project - lf0596capnon-playable turf reduction projectdata & performancesub-menu

hacktivate mesamanagement analyst teamtogether mesasub-menu

accessibilityalston housecivil rights protectionsland acknowledgmentnon-discrimination ordinancetogether mesa programs & activitiesfinancesub-menu

accountingcollectionsfinancial transparency datafinancial policiesgovernment property lease excise taxgrantssub-menu

community development grantsopioid settlement community grant programtribal gaming - prop 202 fundinginnovation & technologyoffice of management & budgetsub-menu

budgetcitywide fees & chargesfinancial status reportspresentations & reportsnotice of proposed taxes or feesutility ratesvalley cities affordability and homeowner's comparisonsmapssub-menu

request a quarter section mapmesa general planpublic information & communicationpublic noticespublic records requestssub-menu

environmental site assessment recordssurplus property sales

public safety
sub-menu

city prosecutorsub-menu

city prosecutor victim servicesdomestic violence awarenessdui awarenessmesa municipal courtsub-menu

online court case access & paymentscommunity courtcourt formshearing informationjudgesjurisdictionjury informationprotective ordersticketsveterans treatment courtwarrantsemergenciessub-menu

sandbagssevere weather preparationdisaster preparednessmesa fire & medical departmentsub-menu

about usemergency responsefire preventioncommunity outreachfire & medical job opportunitiesfire faqsrecords & reportsmesa police departmentsub-menu

police servicespolice in the communitycrime & safetyabout mesa police

resident resources
sub-menu

a tu servicio en españolalarm permitsalleys & gatesanimal controlsub-menu

animal noise disturbance complaintcat resourcesfowl, rodents & livestockblock party guidelinescode compliancesub-menu

report a code violationcheck status of a complaintmost common violationscivil citationsheat relief resourcessub-menu

hydration donationhigh speed internet in mesahousingsub-menu

addressing homelessness in mesaapplication & wait list - section 8 housing choice vouchercurrent participants - section 8 housing choice voucherlandlords -section 8 housing choice voucherportability - section 8 housing choice voucherproject-based voucher programemergency rehabilitation programlimited income assistance programsmesa cemeteryneighborhoods & community engagementsub-menu

resident's guide to mesaneighborhood registrationmesa little librariescleanup resourcesneighbor's trees & shared wallsneighborhood contacts records requestpestssub-menu

beesmosquitoesroof ratsmanhole roach controlproperty taxsub-menu

community facility districtspublic transitstreets & transportationsub-menu

bike & pedestrian programreport graffitilandscape &  storm drain maintenancestreet maintenancestreet sweepingstreet safety & planningstreetlights, signs & stripingtraffic restrictionstraffic signal operation & maintenancerequest a traffic control studymesa vets connect - veterans resourcescitywide volunteer program

utilities
sub-menu

pay bill or access accountstart/cancel residential servicestart/cancel commercial servicereport a utility emergencyreading your utility meterutility bill payment extensionpower outagereport utility theftsavings & rebatesbudget payment planlimited income senior rate programservice line warranty programways to pay your billenergysub-menu

electricnatural gasenergy factorsenergy information for gas & electric constructionenergy safety & educationenergy supply & conservationelectric and gas service area mapstrash & recyclingsub-menu

appliance recyclingbulk item pick-upbusiness trash & recycling programsresident trash & recycling programsbarrel collection schedulebarrel repair or replacementmissed barrelmesa recyclesroll-off container rentalsprivate waste hauler permittrash & recycling educationwater & wastewatersub-menu

backflow preventionirrigation servicemesa's water supplywastewaterwater qualitywork in water












you are here : 


home
/

activities & culture/

		parks, recreation and community facilities
	
/



		parks & facilities
	
/

hohokam stadium









parks, recreation and community facilities
open side menu

parks & facilities
sub-menu

facility reservationspark open spaces and basinstrails

registration for activities & memberships


park rules


recreation facilities


pools and aquatics
sub-menu

aquatics certifications and employment

adaptive recreation
sub-menu

inclusion services

athletics


outdoor education and programs


school break camps


volunteers and internships


special events


non-playable turf reduction project


who we are

 






hohokam stadium






we are very proud to be the spring training home of the a’s. this facility is a center for major league baseball spring training and delivers a superb guest experience. not only do we deliver some of the most beautiful mountain views in all of baseball, our venue is both historic and unique.
stadium map
our venue puts fans near all the action and up close to their favorite players from the major leagues. all spring long, fans have opportunities to interact with their favorite players from our home team the oakland athletics.
hohokam stadium is utilized year-round by local and national youth and adult baseball tournaments and championships. the complex is also host to a variety of events such as concerts, weddings/receptions, group events and charity fundraisers. city sponsored special events are also held at the stadium.
we look forward to seeing you at the ballpark!
stadium history
general information and facts
 
hohokam and fitch parks are the sites for the city of mesas baseball fields and training facilities, with the centerpiece being dwight w. patterson field at hohokam park, the spring training home of the a's.
major league baseball first came to mesa for spring training in 1952, when the cubs set up camp at rendezvous park. that park was razed in 1976, replaced by a new stadium at hohokam park. that facility, in turn, was demolished in 1996, and was replaced by a new and enlarged stadium and training facility which opened in february 1997.
the stadium has 7,500 fixed seats and can accommodate an additional 2,500 spectators on the grass berms, includes one practice field and one practice infield. 


hohokam park - ancient history

hohokam park (pronounced ho-ho-com) takes its name from some of the earliest residents of the valley of the sun: the hohokam indians, who occupied this region from the year ad 1 until the mid-1400s.  the name hohokam is a derivative from a pima indian word for all used up or those who are gone.
the hohokam were one of the worlds most advanced prehistoric civilizations, and were able to flourish in central arizona's desert region for more than a thousand years by developing a sophisticated system of irrigation canals, totaling more than 125 miles. these canals were so effective that much of today's canal system follows along the same pattern engineered by the hohokam centuries before. 
hohokam park is located just a few blocks east of the mesa grande ruin, at the corner of date and 10th street, believed to contain the remnants of one of the key hohokam temples and gathering structures. this site was purchased by the city of mesa in the late 1980s for future preservation and study. 
the reasons for the sudden disappearance of the hohokam indians around 1450 are still subject to debate, although many theories (drought, disease, warfare with neighboring tribes) have been proposed. many artifacts from the hohokam civilization, as well as replicas of hohokam dwellings, are on permanent display at the city of mesas museum of history, the arizona museum of natural history.
 



baseball in mesa

baseball has been a part of mesa since the very beginning. in fact, back in 1876, just as albert spalding and william hulbert were organizing the national league, a party of 84 men, women and children gathered in st. george, utah, to embark on a 49-day journey to the south to establish the first settlement in an area just a half-dozen miles up the road from where the stadium now sits.
the success of local amateur teams like the mesa jewels led the community to build their first permanent baseball field in 1921, at the corner of 2nd street and sirrine. with the development of the nearby rendezvous hall, for social events, and rendezvous pool, the ballpark gradually became known as rendezvous park.
the chicago cubs first expressed interest in training in mesa as early as 1942, when a contingent of cubs officials met with city officials to evaluate the ballpark and lodging facilities.  but it was not until 1952 that the final decision was made for the chicago cubs to use mesa as their spring training home.  six major league exhibition games were played in mesa that season, against the cleveland indians, new york giants, pittsburgh pirates, and crosstown rival chicago white sox.
amenities at the old rendezvous park were somewhat less than ideal. the clubhouse was too small to accommodate the players luggage; the trunks were moved outside each morning and returned to the clubhouse at the end of the day. extra bleachers were rented to accommodate the large number of spectators, and 500 wooden chairs were acquired from los angeles' wrigley field, to serve as box seats.
improvements were made to rendezvous park over the years, with the cubs training at the site through 1965.  after a three-year absence, spring training returned to mesa when an agreement was reached with the oakland as. mesa was oakland's spring training site for 10 years, including their three consecutive world championship seasons from 1972 to 1974.
rendezvous park finally fell victim to the wrecking ball in november 1976, replaced by the first stadium at hohokam park, dedicated in 1977.  the as continued training at this new facility until 1979, at which time the chicago cubs relocated back to mesa from scottsdale. it was during the mid-1980s that the cubs enjoyed unprecedented attendance, ranking as the cactus leagues largest draw, and at or near the top of all major league teams in spring training admissions.
this support from area residents and winter visitors played a large role in the development of the expanded hohokam park in 1997. with the addition of outfield berm seating and increase of 1,000 new reserved seats, capacity of the stadium is 12,500.
 



mesa baseball chronology




date
event




ad 1 thru 1450
the hohokam indian civilization dominates central arizona.


1877
the first party of utah settlers establishes camp in what is now mesa.


1921
mesas first community ball field, rendezvous park, is constructed at what was then the corner of 2nd street and sirrine.


1950
professional spring training first comes to mesa, with the minor league oakland oaks.


1951
the mesa hohokam civic organization is formed to promote and support spring training baseball in mesa.


1952
the chicago cubs bring major league spring training to mesa.


1966
the cubs relocate spring training operations to southern california, leaving mesa with no spring season for three years.


1969
major league spring training returns to mesa with the oakland as.


1972-74
the as bring home three consecutive world championships.


1976
rendezvous park is demolished, and construction of hohokam park begins.


1977
the new stadium at hohokam park is completed, tying in with mesas city centennial observation.


1979
the oakland as relocate spring training facilities to scottsdale, and the chicago cubs return to mesa.


1991
the stadium at hohokam park is officially named dwight w. patterson field, after the local rancher who played a key role in bringing major league baseball to mesa.


1996
preparations for a new, expanded facility at hohokam park begin, with demolition of the previous park taking place immediately following spring training.


1997
the new dwight patterson field, hohokam park, and fitch park facilities pen for the 1997 major league baseball spring training season.


2002
arizona state university calls hohokam park home while packard stadium on campus is renovated.


2004
chicago cubs set major league record for spring training attendance with 189,692 fans going through the turnstiles.


2005
cubs extend major league record for spring training attendance with 193,993 fans.


2007
cubs set cactus league single game attendance record of 12,906


2009
cubs set a mlb spring training attendance record of 203,105, with 19 home games played at hohokam stadium. average per game attendance was 10,690 - leading all of mlb. another spring training record was set with seven games having an attendance of more than 13,000.


2013
the chicago cubs play their last spring training game at hohokam stadium, and a 20-year agreement is made with the oakland a's, who will start playing at the stadium in spring 2015.


2014
hohokam stadium will be closed for renovations throughout 2014 in anticipation of the oakland a's move to the park in 2015.


2015
hohokam stadium is re-opened to welcome the oakland a's at the "a day at the diamond" event on february 21, 2015.



 
 




location1235 n center st, mesa, az 85201  view map


skip to below map




          33.4378952,-111.8287527
        

          1235 n center st ,
          mesa, az 85201
        


          1235 n center st ,
          mesa, az 85201


	        hohokam stadium
        








skip to above map

tagged as:
mlb spring trainingpark




				facility snapshot
			


features
baseball complexrestroomsshaded areas

contact
oakland a's spring training





			additional information
		


park rules

facility reservations















sharefacebookxemailprintlinkedin





back to top








footer links
 

policies & disclaimer




mesa citylink




civil rights protections




notice of proposed taxes/fees




footer social
 








enotifications | azrelay 7-1-1



                                    © 2025 city of mesa | powered by granicus












  


