






priscilla herdman main page






 
 


 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



 


 


 







~ welcome to 
              priscilla herdman's web site ~
 
priscilla's 
              online store

watch this space for upcoming news about priscilla.

facebook page ~ http://facebook.com/priscillaherdmanmusic

twitter ~ http://twitter.com/herdmanmusic









into 
              the stars

              please click here 
              for more album information.

the songs
              the play peter mayer 
              underneath the stars kate rusby
              blue boat home peter mayer
              sail away john mccutcheon
              pleiades anne hills
              satellite sky mark heard
              firefly lights leslie ritter & scott petito
              vincent cello intro eugene friesen
              vincent don mclean
              comet pierce pettis & sally barris 
              ideas are like stars mary chapin carpenter
              the moon’s song anne hills
              the galaxy song eric idle & john du prez
  
 


  


   stardreamer: nightsongs 
              & lullabies ~ and ~ moondreamer 
              are both 2005 parents' choice classic award winners! 
this newly remastered classic is now available on priscilla's own 
              independent label. also winner of the parents' choice gold award 
              and an american library association notable children's recording. 
              stardreamer is a perfect gift for expectant and new parents. from 
              the opening song "waltzing with bears" to the creaking 
              rocking chair that closes the album, stardreamer is a beautiful 
              song cycle that will calm a child and delight parents. priscilla 
              herdman's gorgeous vocals along with the impeccable acoustic instrumental 
              arrangements have made stardreamer a perennial favorite since its 
              original release in 1988. this is a gentle going-to-bed recording 
              that holds up after countless listenings. over 100,000 families 
              with peacefully sleeping children can't be wrong.
 (for more cd information, click on photo) 
 


 
 





 
            from her stunning debut, the water lily (1977), through all her varied 
            recordings over the years, priscilla herdman has established herself 
            as an insightful songfinder and a singer of uncommon range, depth 
            and clarity. the road home may be priscilla's best work to date. the 
            gentle power of her voice, the uncluttered arrangements and the timeliness 
            of the songs themselves make the album a true pleasure to listen to. 
            the combination of priscilla's beautiful voice and careful choice 
            of meaningful songs, make the road home an album of striking elegance. 
            the road home is priscilla herdman's first solo project 
              in five years, and well worth the wait. with this recording, priscilla 
              brings her devoted fans and new listeners on the scenic route back 
              to the place we all hold dear. produced by her long-time friends 
              and collaborators anne hills and scott petito, the road home is 
              a collection of diverse journey songs by some of today's finest 
              writers including eliza gilkyson, anne hills, julie gold, linda 
              thompson and the late dave carter. this is priscilla's twelfth recording 
              project and she is accompanied by guitarists artie traum and al 
              petteway as well as multi-instrumentalist petito. the songs subjects 
              range from the dispossessed ("exile" by hills) and distressed 
              ("kisingani" by norwegian songwriter henning kvitnes) 
              to the poignant closer ("here" by neal hagburg). in each 
              of the album's compositions, priscilla finds the heart of the song 
              and communicates with the strength and ease honed by 25 years at 
              her profession. while traversing a wide range of human experience, 
              she chooses songs of humanistic vision and caring, leaving her audience 
              enriched.
  

autobiography
the early years
i grew up on a tree lined street in eastchester, new york, the 
                youngest of four children. both of my parents liked to sing, but 
                it was my mother, ellen who was the most musical and artistic. 
                she had a wonderful voice and as a young woman had played guitar, 
                banjo and ukulele. after marriage and four children, the instruments 
                were put in the attic until my sister susan brought them back 
                into the light, taking the guitar off to college with her and 
                leaving the banjo with me. but that old guitar had captured my 
                heart and on my sixteenth birthday, a new guitar from k-mart started 
                me on my way. two years and two guitars later i went off to the 
                university of iowa majoring in art and earning my way by singing 
                in the college bars of iowa city. after three years there and 
                a new martin guitar i bought with monthly payments, i realized 
                that i wanted to be a singer. i wanted to leave college and move 
                to california, but at my parents’ urging i moved back east 
                to new york city and finished my art studies at the fashion institute 
                of technology. after graduation in 1970, i got a good job in the 
                fashion industry, but i still knew i had to sing. with friends’ 
                encouragement i began to perform in the coffeehouses of greenwich 
                village, the church basements of the upper west side, and i toured 
                in england and europe. in 1976, i moved to philadelphia, finally 
                deciding to be a professional singer, and gave up my day job. 
                my first album, the water lily, was released in 1977, on the philo 
                label and i began to tour, being one of the few women performers 
                on the folk revival scene. the years that followed found me touring 
                throughout the united states and canada as well as australia and 
                new zealand. 
the recording years begin
the water lily met with much praise for the songs of turn-of-the-century 
                australian folk poet henry lawson (four of the melodies are written 
                by me) and for eric bogle’s moving anti-war song “the 
                band played waltzing matilda”. it was recorded with my own 
                simple guitar, abby newton on cello and jay ungar on fiddle and 
                mandolin. (re-released on cd in june, 1995, philo-rounder.) in 
                1980, my second album, forgotten dreams was released on the flying 
                fish label and focused on contemporary north american songwriters. 
                it had a more jazz-pop feeling reflected by co-producers guy van 
                duser (guitar) and billy novick (sax and clarinet) and received 
                much attention from major publications. (re-issued on cd in 1993, 
                on flying fish with two additional previously unreleased tracks.) 
              
in 1982, i left philadelphia and moved to the small rural community 
                of pine plains, new york, where i now live. i married that year 
                and released my third album, seasons of change, in 1983. it was 
                moving to the country that inspired that collection of songs and 
                the next one, darkness into light, released in 1987. both albums 
                are on flying fish and are co-produced by abby newton and myself. 
                returning to the folk style of my first album, i worked again 
                with abby on cello and jay on fiddle and mandolin. we were joined 
                by other hudson valley musicians including artie traum and mark 
                rust (guitars), molly mason (bass) and david hornung (accordion). 
                all became integral parts of my recorded music along with engineer 
                scott petito of nrs studios in hurley, new york.
second childhood ~ stardreamer: nightsongs & lullabies
i took some time off between those albums for what i consider 
                to be my most wondrous release: our daughter suzanna was born 
                in april 1985. by the time she turned three, the group of lullabies 
                that we had been singing to her had blossomed into what i thought 
                might be an album i could share with other parents. the result 
                was stardreamer: nightsongs & lullabies, released on alacazam! 
                in the fall of 1988. in 1989, it was selected as an american library 
                association notable children’s recording and received the 
                parents’ choice gold award and in 2005 it was awarded “classic” 
                designation by parents’ choice. i will always be grateful 
                for the amazing success of this album which was made with my co-producer, 
                abby newton, as a gift for both of our daughters.
branching out ~ the trio is formed
album number six had me joining musical hearts and harmonies 
                with good friends anne hills and cindy mangsen. we first sang 
                together when they added their glorious voices to my darkness 
                into light album in 1987. the vocal combination was magical and 
                we soon realized that a trio album was the next logical step. 
                our first “trio” performances in the fall of 
                1989, led to our 1990 collaboration, voices (flying fish) and 
                was produced by abby newton. it combines our varied styles and 
                interests in both contemporary and traditional folk music, highlighting 
                two original songs by anne as well as cindy’s multi instrumental 
                talents. though we live in three different states (new york, pennsylvania 
                and vermont) we have toured together for seventeen years, whenever 
                our solo schedules permit.
dreams continue
with the great success of stardreamer still continuing, in 1991 
                i began work on daydreamer as a companion album and special fundraising 
                project. with abby again as my co-producer, anne and cindy on 
                harmonies and the same core of outstanding musicians who have 
                joined me on previous albums, daydreamer is a collection of songs 
                meant for everyone in the family from gradeschoolers to grandparents. 
                i wanted to draw attention to the needs of children as well as 
                make a contribution to a children’s organization. i asked 
                all the songwriters if they would be willing to contribute a portion 
                of their royalties to unicef, the united nations children’s 
                fund. their generous contribution along with a matching amount 
                from my royalties, allows us to give unicef twenty two cents for 
                every album sold and unicef’s logo appears on the album. 
                i am very proud of daydreamer and all those involved with this 
                recording who have worked so hard with me. released on the music 
                for little people label in 1993, it was selected as a winner of 
                two awards: parents prize gold award and the national parenting 
                publications award.
recent recording & beyond
my eighth album, forever and always, a collection of love songs 
                was released on the flying fish label in november 1994. the eleven 
                songs are written by some of my favorite writers including anne 
                hills, john mccutcheon, david mallett, cathy fink and bill staines. 
                it was once again a privilege to be joined by many of the same 
                musicians on my earlier releases; abby newton (co-producer/cello), 
                artie traum (guitar), scott petito (engineer/fretless bass), david 
                hornung (accordion), jay ungar (fiddle), molly mason (acoustic 
                bass), and anne hills, cindy mangsen and bill staines on harmony 
                vocals, and a joy to work with donald sosin (piano) and steve 
                gorn (bansuri bamboo flutes) for the first time. forever and always, 
                one of my most popular albums, contains several of my most requested 
                songs including “follow that road” (anne hills), “ashokan 
                farewell” (jay ungar & grian macgregor) and “i’ll 
                love you forever” (allen power).

                having toured for so many years as a solo artist, i always look 
                forward to performing with my friends anne hills and cindy mangsen 
                on our annual “trio” tours as part of herdman~hills~mangsen. 
                our second cd, voices of winter (gadfly records, 1997) was produced 
                by the three of us from live concert recordings made during our 
                1996 tour. our annual november to january “voices of winter” 
                tours have been a great success on every level and inspired our 
                third cd, at the turning of the year, which was released in october 
                2000, on our own trio label, hand & heart music. over the 
                years we have been frequent guests on each other’s solo 
                cds will be collaborating a fourth trio cd in the near future.

                between the two trio albums i recorded a third family cd, moondreamer 
                (redwing music, 1998) which was selected for a 1998 parents’ 
                choice gold award and in 2005 it was awarded “classic” 
                designation by parents’ choice. redwing music was founded 
                by jim netter, formerly of flying fish records, and i was honored 
                to have the first release on this new chicago based label which 
                has now grown to include many wonderful artists including anne 
                hills, cindy mangsen, steve gillette, michael smith and christine 
                lavin. 

                in may 2003, i released my twelfth cd, the road home, on redwing 
                music. produced by anne hills and scott petito, it’s a collection 
                of diverse journey songs by some of today’s finest writers 
                including eliza gilkyson, anne hills, julie gold, linda thompson 
                and the late dave carter. the road home was met with critical 
                acclaim and it was number 8 on folkdj’s top 10 list of most 
                played cds in 2003.

                in the fall of 2003 i was invited to france to give a concert 
                at the american cathedral in paris. this was a “thank you” 
                concert sponsored by the american aide society to honor the generous 
                and wonderful french people who helped our american travelers 
                during the difficult time after 9/11. over 6000 american travelers 
                were stranded in france when flights were cancelled worldwide 
                for 10 days. i invited my friend and outstanding guitarist artie 
                traum to join me in this evening of american contemporary and 
                traditional folk music which we were so honored to present. 

                i have continued to tour throughout the united states both as 
                a solo and trio performer. currently, i am researching new songs 
                and preparing for recording this winter and spring with five projects 
                planned.

                i am grateful for the gracious support and continued encouragement 
                of fans, venue promoters and their volunteers, radio deejays and 
                print media over the past thirty years, and i look forward to 
                the journey that still lies ahead.










©2008 richard l. hess and priscilla herdman, all rights
          reserved    richard hess's web site





