




























welcome | lafayette instrument company






lafayette instrument acquires alzet osmotic pumps, a global leader in the development of infusion pumps.
learn more!

































































































polygraph


life sciences


evaluation


clegg


about 




who we are
our companies
polygraph
life sciences
human evaluation
clegg impact testing
custom fabrication


company
our story
our commitment
ordering guidelines
leadership team
iso-9001 certification
privacy policy
lafayette apparel


contact us
sales, service, and support
case tracking
product return form
online payment system
feedback survey


news
tradeshows and events
training opportunities
employment opportunities
company news











search



   search








                  
				
					         
					      
							
			








about us








welcome









welcome










solutions for your business
whether public or private sector, research or medical fields or law enforcement, lafayette instrument has solutions to fit your needs.












polygraph
lafayettepolygraph.com
lafayette instrument company is the world's leading manufacturer of polygraph instrumentation and equipment, distributing credibility assessment instruments to private examiners, government, and military organizations around the world. 







life sciences
lafayettelifesciences.com
behavioral cognitive neuroscience, neuroscience, operant conditioning, exercise activity, and tissue sectioning are just some of the areas lafayette instrument continues to lead in providing turn-key neuroscience solutions to professionals in both research and industry.







human evaluation
lafayetteevaluation.com
for over 70 years, lafayette has responded to the needs of our customers serving in education, temporary staffing, human resources, occupational medicine, rehabilitation, and other professions.







clegg impact testing
lafayetteclegg.com
the clegg offers the convenience of rapidly scanning compaction for a variety of surfaces such as soil, artificial turf, road beds, among others.

















who we are
here at lafayette instrument, we are proud to say that we have provided products and support to our customers for over 75 years.





    
established 1947


lafayette instrument company has over 75 years of experience engineering data acquisition and measurement instrumentation for disciplines such as research and education, medicine, physical therapy and rehabilitation, security, and law enforcement. lafayette is positioned at the forefront of neuroscientific discovery, human evaluation, and credibility assessment.
polygraph: https://lafayettepolygraph.com
                            life sciences: https://lafayettelifesciences.com
                            evaluation: https://lafayetteevaluation.com
                            clegg: https://lafayetteclegg.com










    
joined 1998


campden instruments was established on campden hill road, in the kensington area of london in 1970. specializing in turn-key solutions for translational neuroscience, campden has developed significant advancements in the areas of behavioral cognition and tissue slicing.
https://campdeninstruments.com










     established 2016


peak's mission is to provide individuals in the public and private sectors with the highest quality credibility assessment training and consulting services available.
https://peakcatc.com











    
joined 2022


limestone technologies is a software and biofeedback instrumentation solutions provider with its primary focus on the development of products utilized specifically for security and public safety. limestone's polygraph and pre-employment screening solutions are internationally recognized as being feature rich, innovative, and reliable.
https://limestonetech.com











    
joined 2023


aurora scientific has over thirty years of experience in manufacturing and servicing research instruments including solutions and support innovation in three key research areas, muscle physiology, neuroscience and materials science.
https://aurorascientific.com











    
joined 2023


for twenty-five years, actimetrics has manufactured automated systems for animal behavioral testing emphasizing ease of use and the application of modern signal and image processing techniques to current problems in neuroscience.
https://actimetrics.com












how can we help you today?
we are here for you. contact us, we're ready to help!









								info@lafayetteinstrument.com
							








								(765) 423-1505
							








								online form
							













search product(s)


					       search















contact us

						3700 sagamore pkwy n 
						
						lafayette, in 47904
						

						phone: (765) 423-1505

						fax: (765) 423-4111 
						
info@lafayetteinstrument.com



      
						      
						      
						



who we are

polygraph
life sciences
human evaluation
clegg impact testing
custom fabrication
campden instruments
limestone technologies
aurora scientific
actimetrics



pages

home
about
sitemap
privacy
feedback survey



latest news


lafayette instrument receives ce mdr (medical device regulation) approval for evaluation products.
lafayette instrument named one of the best places to work in indiana
lafayette instrument acquires actimetrics
upcoming lxedge online training
lafayette instrument company acquires aurora scientific





copyright © 2009 - 2025 lafayette instrument company. all rights reserved.




product search

use the provided form to search for products on this website.

product search


search


















