






home - corelight












































































 




















achieve your
highest spiritual potential
  courses click me!spiritual training

  spiritual classics click me!
  events click me!inspired teachings

  living series click me!
  service click me!sacred activism

  seeds of light click me!we are dedicated to the awakening of the global heart.

foster peace in the world by developing your personal inner peace.
move beyond fear and negativity into love and truth.
put your love into action through sacred activism.

books of lightcorelight publicationsvisit the storefeatured booksthe marriage of spirit:
enlightened living in today’s world

returning to oneness:
the seven keys of ascension

living with enlightenment:
a journey of love

more inspirational books and audios here
featured courses transform consciousness, awaken to lovelearn about our coursesseven portals of spiritual awakening

illuminate your world
learn more
for the loveof animals

a call to the heart
learn more
spiritual warrior training 

awaken your limitless potential
learn more
the new paradigm of the heart 

transcending victim-tyrant consciousness
learn more
sacred activismhealing the global heartwhat is it?seeds of lightserving aids orphans
and marginalized communities
in rural south africa
animal supportwhite lion reintroduction
interspecies communication
animal prayer circles
corelight resourcesaudio, video, inspiring wordsfree contentour gifts to youaudio archive


spiritual weather report archive


inspiring words
testimonials


free monthly podcast


videos
sacred art galleryvisitthe greatest gift we can give the earth is our own awakened consciousnesswe live in unprecedented times of acceleration and change—a pivotal moment in human evolution. 
the challenges we face are also a gift and an opportunity, if we know what to look for. 
it is time now for each of us to step into our own spiritual power—time to awaken to the truth of who we are and to live in love.
corelight offers tools, guidance, inspiration and a road map to assist you on this magnificent journey. 
we are privileged to walk the path with you. join us and let’s transform our world!
in love and light,
leslie temple-thurston and brad laughlin





join our mailing list
by joining, you will receive periodic updates about our events, products and other corelight news.

photographer credits













corelight ©  all rights reserved 






type and press “enter” to search





 
 




 























