




 

creative dj services | award-winning vancouver dj services for weddings & events























































































 











home
about us
wedding djs in vancouver
wedding tips
events/parties
gallery
reviews
contacts
 

 


















the highest-rated vancouver dj in the lower mainland!
 
 more than just a dj service and the reason we are the highest-rated company in the lower mainland with over 200 5-star reviews - scott barratt (radio/tv personality & co-author of the book remarkable receptions) will lead you through the entire planning process and show you the secrets to a wedding or event that is more fun, more romantic and much more memorable.
best of all this unique and valuable service comes at no extra cost!
call (604) 723-6451 or click here: info@creativedjservices.comevents/partieslearn morewedding tipslearn moreaward-winning weddingslearn moremc/auctioneerlearn moregallerylearn more
testimonials
testimonial #2al eaton right source marketing  november 3rd, 2018every one in the company is still raving about the amazing games that brad performed! we even have pictures of our president rocking your mullet and guitar. best party ever!…read moretestimonial #1wedding margo & simon  november 23rd, 2018we loved all of your amazing planning ideas and as promised you made our wedding the best we've ever attended!read more
our mission
at creative dj services we are a select, hand-picked team and we believe in quality over quantity. consequently we limit the number of weddings/events that we take on so we can give them the time and attention that they deserve. we'll start by identifying your vision of the perfect event whether that is low-key and sophisticated, wild and interactive or a combination of the two.  then radio/tv’s scott barratt (the fox – rock 101 – jr country) will put his experience and expertise to work for you. together you will design a presentation that is more fun, more memorable and better than your friend’s. we know the secrets to make your wedding, party or corporate event the best you’ve ever attended. (best of all this service comes at no extra charge making us one of the best values in the industry).
call us at (604) 723-6451 or click here: info@creativedjservices.com
































 


copyright © 2018 | privacy policy 
 


 







 

































