



srlp (sylvia rivera law project)






















































































































top menuget legal help
join our email list
events
contact srlp
donate
 



navigation



srlp (sylvia rivera law project)


  donate to srlp


 join email list
 


 



home
mainabout

contact srlp
staff & core collective
our approach and principles/nuestras práctica y principios
legal services

survival & self-determination project
immigrant justice project
prisoner justice project


movement building team
srlp’s prison organizing and advocacy
media and press
who was sylvia rivera?
collective structure
jobs and internships at sylvia rivera law project (srlp)
990s


resources
get legal help
trainings
campaigns
get involved

attend an event
join srlp’s email list
become a member
volunteer
donate for trans liberation


news

all news
srlp prisoner advisory committee


donate

donate
recurring donation


 











 





return to content








  



								make an end-of-year donation today								 








																thank you plus bkln for these beautiful clothing donations!															








																queer liberation march 2024															




  



								srlp is hiring!								 







1
2
3
4



you are here: home


sylvia rivera law project (srlp) – 
the sylvia rivera law project works to guarantee that all people are free to self-determine gender identity and expression, regardless of income or race, and without facing harassment, discrimination or violence. 
we’re here for you.

programs and services
learn more about our programs & services, and how you can support our work. 


get legal helpget legal help with name changes, ids, immigration and more. learn about our office hours and how to contact us to get help.donate to srlpto make a tax-deductible donation to sylvia rivera law project, you have a few different options. thank you for supporting our crucial work!srlp newsthe latest news from the sylvia rivera law project
attend an eventcheck out the srlp events calendar.prisoner advisory committeepac is one way to overcome the enormous state-created barriers to communication and political participation for the people who are most affected by the prison industrial complex.become a membersrlp has a membership model, which supports more involvement from community members.



get involved with srlp




latest news from srlp
we are hiring a director of communications! (9/20/2024)it’s still war in here (5/31/2024)injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere (2/2/2024)update to name change instructions (6/21/2023)stories from shelter organizing #dhsisamess (7/20/2020)stories from shelter organizing: allilsa fernandez (7/20/2020)
view all news posts
 







stay updated! sign up to hear srlp news and event invites. join email list
 

 
subscribe / connect

follow us on social!









 

quicklinks

contact srlp
for press
join srlp's email list
name change guide
support our work




sylvia rivera law project 133 w 19th st, floor 6
new york, ny 10011
tel: 212-337-8550
fax: 212-337-1972
view larger map

 




© 2025 srlp (sylvia rivera law project). all rights reserved.  

 
















