






spelling tuesday farm – icelandic sheep & heritage breed chickens in the mountains of western north carolina







































skip to content






 










spelling tuesday farmicelandic sheep & heritage breed chickens in the mountains of western north carolina 


home
events
our story
shop our stuff

recipe ideas


the animals

our breeding flock
for sale
chickens


the knitting

patterns
learn norwegian for knitters


contact us
 


home
events
our story
shop our stuff

        - recipe ideas


the animals

        - our breeding flock
        - for sale
        - chickens


the knitting

        - patterns
        - learn norwegian for knitters


contact us






sheep for salewe have a breeding group of 5 ewes, with around 8-10 lambs per year. we currently have 3 ewes for sale and will happily reserve lambs.
read moreknittingour resident shepherdess is the theresa from knitty.com's techniques with theresa articles.
read moreproductswe are currently selling lamb and eggs locally in western north carolina and can ship clean lamb fleeces anywhere.
read more






 

featured local business
by theresaoctober 21, 2021meat, sheep
check out ilda in sylva – and be sure to watch for any meals that include local lamb!





 

local food
by theresaapril 15, 2020farm, sheep
our farm is now listed in the appalachian sustainable agriculture project’s local food guide! asap’s mission is to help local farms thrive, link farmers to markets and supporters, and build healthy communities through connections to local food. asap also works on farm-to-school and farm-to-preschool projects with their growing minds project. read more about the awesome
read more





 

ewe for sale!
by theresaapril 14, 2020farm, sheepewe, for sale
this is molly! molly is a 3 year old proven ewe. she’s the mama of our new breeding ram, so she was not bred in the fall of 2019 and is just waiting for a new home and a new man. molly is very healthy and showed excellent parasite resilience during the summer of 2019.
read more





 

spring 2019 yarn and yoga retreat
by theresajanuary 8, 2019event, yarn, yarn and yoga retreat
join us june 13-16, 2019 at parker ranch in clayton, georgia!





 

better hurry up and reserve your spot!
by theresaseptember 12, 2018event, yarn, yarn and yoga retreat
there are only a few spots left for the autumn 2018 yarn and yoga retreat on november 15-18. i am one of the knitting instructors, known – apparently – for the “illuminating lucidity” of my knitting instruction. i just know that i love to sit next to knitters and show ’em how to do stuff
read more





 

yarn and yoga retreat
by theresajune 20, 2018event, yarn and yoga retreat
the spring 2018 yarn and yoga retreat was held at camp mikell in toccoa, georgia last weekend and we wish you had been there! you can read more about the retreat at kquvien’s blog, check out the posts tagged #yarnandyogaretreat on instagram, then hurry up and register for next retreat in dahlonega, georgia on november 15-18
read more





 

fiber feel day!
by theresamay 31, 2018event, fiber, fleece, local cloth, yarn
this saturday – june 2, 2018 – we will have clean fleeces, carded batts and yarn for sale at the fiber feel day – an annual event hosted by local cloth and held at the wnc farmers market in asheville. come by, say “hi” and feeeeeel the fiber! ﻿





 

sevanna 240
by theresanovember 26, 2017market, yarn
introducing sevanna 240 at the #franklinfarmersmarket #icelandic #yarnofinstagram #knitlocal # a post shared by theresa vinson stenersen (@spellingtuesdayfarm) on nov 25, 2017 at 8:26am pst







about hello! welcome to spelling tuesday farm. we will be using this space for updates on happenings at the farm, details about things we make, information on how you can buy our products,  attend events and other things that strike our fancy.
thanks for joining us!
sid and theresa stenersen
franklin, north carolina

find us






















[instagram-feed]categories

event

farm

fiber

fleece

local cloth

market

meat

sheep

yarn

yarn and yoga retreat


search 








 © 2020 – spelling tuesday farm

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 you can’t help respecting anybody who can spell tuesday, even if he doesn’t spell it right; but spelling isn’t everything. there are days when spelling tuesday simply doesn’t count.
–rabbit, the house at pooh corner






			theme by think up themes ltd. powered by wordpress.			












