










welcome to the g.g. greg agency 






















home


roster


speakers/wellness


michael gershe
dave schwensen




live animal encounters


herps alive
valley exotics zoo




novelty


casino nights
night at the races
big smile
inflatables & interactive events
roving artists
carnival equipment




comedy/variety


grant lyon
liz miele
charlie wiener
kevin lepine
don mannarino
rob o'reilly
glen tickle
marvin lee
rusty ammerman
mike paldino
brent webb
freak show and tell
alain nu




music


long time gone
evie joy
redneck inc
rick and sharona
blue lunch
juggernaut jug band
geezecats
alex bevan
52nd street
captain fantastic
carlos jones
fool house
tom todd
rocket men dueling pianos
rat pack
spyder stompers with sugar pie




special events


alain nu
ohio burn unit
backbeat a tribute




contact






welcome to g.g. greg agency




newg.g. greg agency now offers virtual programs for your audiences. scroll down for more information









big smile




caricatures, henna body art,
body art, rice jewelry and more
 








freak show & tell




"fire eating, glass walking  with comedy and storytelling in this one-of-a-kind show."







 




casino nights




all the excitement of las vegas.
real table games, knowledgeable, friendly set-up crew and dealers.
from house parites to colleges and corporate events. we have you covered






 




herps alive




the award winning interactive live reptile and amphibian encounter with keith gisser






 




inflatablesinteractive games




bounce houses, obstacles courses,
carnival games and more







ohio burn unit




the ohio burn unit does a mind blowing, jaw dropping, comedy-packed show full of entertainment for all ages








long time gone




the music of crosby, stills, nash and young








the juggernaut jug band




a combination vaudeville act, musical american history lesson and one very tight band make this a musical concert like no other







evie joy




manhattan-based multi-instrumentalist and songwriter with a jazzy voice who employs soul, dark wit, and a loop pedal.




showcasing at the naca ne regional conference nov. 7-10, 2019






































<








>









the agency




g.g. greg entertainment is a full service based in cleveland, oh for over 30 years. our client roster features both regional and national musical concerts, speakers, family/children's entertainment, musical groups (bands, duos, solos) comedy/novelty attractions, performing arts (dance and music) and dj's. g.g. greg entertainment agency is a 38 year member of the national association for campus activities, (naca) an 20 year member of the association for promotion of campus activities, (apca) pennsylvania presenters and a long standing member of the ohio arts presenters network (oapn)
.we provide quality, affordable entertainment for college campuses nationwide, as well as for theatres and performing arts centers, special events, corporate parties, city events, fair, festivals and artist-in-schools programs.
 
please visit our roster page  for a complete list of artists and attractions available for your event.





virtual programs now available:
 
with the unique challenges of programming during the current covid 19 pandemic, in addition to live performance by all of our agency artists, several artists have created virtual programs for your entertainment.
programs would be their regular fee with no travel expenses or broadcast expenses.  artists will perform an individual show for your venue as if they were there,with some additions for virtual programming.  then it is posted on line and your audience can view the show with a passcode that is provided. every one is a little different. please call for details.
 
glen tickle- comic
evie joy - multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter
freak show and tell or seance
  by thom britton, director of danger circus
michael gershe - alcohol awareness
caricatures by big smile -electronic and received instantly
 
more added weekly, and we are learning with every show
how to give you a better experience.
 




news






 


g.g. greg agency 2015





home


roster


speakers/wellness


live animal encounters


novelty


comedy/variety


music


special events


contact



 













