








pet sitters associates | pet business insurance & resources





















member login













homefind a providerbenefitsinsurance optionsfaqapply now











a preferred pet business insurance provider since 1998












find a pet care provider near you


search our nationwide directory of over 2,700 pet sitters and pet care providers.






pet sittersdog walkerspet trainerspet groomershouse sitterspet boarderspet transporterspooper scoopers
find a provider












get great coverage at a more affordable price on your pet business insurance by becoming a member of pet sitters associates.
you love pets of all kinds, so what could be better than starting a business dedicated to pet care?
          though there are a lot of details involved, one area that's particularly important for a pet care business is reliable insurance coverage.
as a member with pet sitters associates, you receive insurance coverage for the pets that are in your care, so you and your clients can breathe easy. since 1998, we've provided our members with the freedom to book their own clients with their preferred method of scheduling, and the ability to run their business how they want. by becoming a member, you can list your business in one of the largest pet care directories in the united states.
it's easy to start and create a plan that provides you with the exact coverage you need, including policy add-ons. once you sign up, manage all of your information online 24/7, and login to the members-only section of the website to tap into a wealth of resources and support.
apply now
 
member highlights
want to be a highlighted member? email social@petsitllc.com
pet sitters associates does not sponsor or endorse any specific member.
          members must be contacted individually to inquire on the services they provide or the insurance they have purchased.








how does pet sitters associates compare?


 

pet sitters associates vs. other providers


other providers




27+ years of experience & service






freedom in booking clients






discounts available from partnering organizations






flexible coverage for dog walking, pet sitting & more






pet daycare & boarding coverage*






pet taxi coverage






pooper scoopers welcome






online membership directory*






operating in all 50 states






broadened property damage coverage & bond*






easily file a claim 24/7






not required to use a website or app for bookings






run your business how you want




* these optional coverages are available as add-ons to the basic membership.













member benefits
pet business insurance options
apply now
member login



find a provider







contact us


pet sitters associates, llc
                2924 northwinds drive
                eau claire, wi 54701
about psa


info@petsitllc.com
                office hours (cst):
                mon - fri, 11 am - 3 pm
contact psa




a preferred pet business insurance provider since 1998!
copyright 2025 pet sitters associates, llc  |  website design by odd brand strategies  |  custom programming by myersjj developments  |  privacy policy  |  site map





