












home | city of tekoa














skip to main content




contact us




today's weather: light snow
34°/27°                






city of tekoa 



home

community

about us
community center
library

medical services & facilities

whitman county public hospital district #4


recent news
schools
worship
airport-willard field



government


city hall

city mayor
city clerk/treasurer
deputy city clerk/treasurer
public work's department



code compliance

ordinances
code enforcement



council meetings

2025 meeting dates



employment

employment opportunities
application process
benefits



financial reports & budgets

annual budget
financial reports/audits



mayor & council

mayor
council



minutes & agenda

current agenda
2025 minutes
minutes archive-2024
minutes archive-2023
minutes-archive-2022
minutes archive-2021



open records

public information request


fee resolution



residents

alerts
payment options
building permits 

departments

animal services

emergency services

fire department
law enforcement



parks & recreation

park facilities


gas & electric utilities
sanitation & recycling

water utilities

meter reading
water rates & policies
water quality report


cemetery



new resident resources

family information
useful information


frequently called numbers
monthly newsletter



business

business licenses & permits
chamber of commerce
community development
economic profile
planning & inspections



visitors

attractions
shopping, dining & lodging
locations & directions



search


search

submit

















welcome to tekoa!









next council meeting is tuesday, feb. 18, 6 p.m. city hall





previous



next





slide1


slide2


slide3




pause slideshow






payment options
report a problem
subscribe
faq
new residents








welcome to city of tekoa
                        in tekoa… you're always welcome!
						
the city of tekoa welcomes you to its website. nestled between the rolling hills and grain farms of the palouse and the almost endless forested mountains of north idaho.
tekoa is a great city to visit and a wonderful place to live and do business. when you come to tekoa, you'll find a town of friendly people filled with community spirit.
in tekoa, you're always welcome!
tekoa has a rich heritage and history, having played a key role in the development and support of neighboring communities and farms for over 100 years. tucked away in an incredibly scenic portion of whitman county. tekoa is situated at the base of tekoa mountain (elevation 2,490 feet), on the extreme eastern end of the rolling hills known as the palouse, and to the west of the mighty benewah range of idaho. with a population of over 800, tekoa retains its small town size and charm. surrounded by mountains and farms of cattle, wheat, barley, bluegrass, and lentils, it was once the busy hub of the area's railroads. having an annual precipitation of about 20 inches and an average snowfall of 30 inches, it enjoys a definite four-season climate. just 39 miles south of the spokane valley, 48 miles north of pullman, and about 55 miles from the spokane international airport, it's only a short drive away from major metropolitan areas.  we hope you'll come to visit us soon. 







tekoa on the palouse scenic byway video





shop local
shopping local sustains our community and supports local merchants.  a win-win for all!




slide1


slide2



pause slideshow










recent news

touching base about the city of tekoa's alert system...
8/17/2023
if you are new to the area or simply want to be included by text, email or phone call to our emergency alert system, please email eliza at tekoaclerk@gmail.com.  we will be happy to add you or answer any questions.  please be advised that we very occasionally send non-emergency messages...
read more »
 
need help with city services schedule?
8/2/2023
confused which day is your trash pickup day? does the city offer recycling? when can i water my yard in the warmer months? don't see the information you need? give us a call, we will gladly assist you.
read more »

previous news










stay informed
subscribe to receive news and alerts via email and sms.
click to subscribe
click to unsubscribe












choose language...englishafrikaansalbanianamharicarabicarmenianazerbaijanibasquebelarusianbengalibosnianbulgariancatalancebuanochichewachinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)corsicancroatianczechdanishdutchesperantoestonianfilipinofinnishfrenchfrisiangaliciangeorgiangermangreekgujaratihaitian creolehausahawaiianhebrewhindihmonghungarianicelandicigboindonesianirishitalianjapanesejavanesekannadakazakhkhmerkinyarwandakoreankurdish (kurmanji)kyrgyzlaolatinlatvianlithuanianluxembourgishmacedonianmalagasymalaymalayalammaltesemaorimarathimongolianmyanmar (burmese)nepalinorwegianodia (oriya)pashtopersianpolishportuguesepunjabiromanianrussiansamoanscots gaelicserbiansesothoshonasindhisinhalaslovaksloveniansomalispanishsundaneseswahiliswedishtajiktamiltatarteluguthaiturkishturkmenukrainianurduuyghuruzbekvietnamesewelshxhosayiddishyorubazulu
translate




quick links

payment options
report a problem
subscribe
faq
new residents
 


sites of interest
whitman county watekoa chamber of commerceus postal servicewhitman county library-tekoa branchtekoa school districthealthy tekoa coalition 


contacts



                        city of tekoapo box 927tekoa, wa 99033                    


                        (509) 284-3861tekoa city hall: (509)284-3861 
contact us







                ©2025 all rights reserved.
                
terms of use
privacy policy
accessibility



                powered by municipalimpact.com
admin









alerts










no active alerts at this time.
 

okay, got it!

















