






yarn tree is your wholesale distributor of counted cross stitch supplies




















 
			
 
		 
		
  
		
		
  
advanced search







quick links

online catalog
from aida to zweigart--yarn tree 
is the source for cross 
stitch. 1,000's of 
products and patterns from your favorite designers.

search
search
online catalog.
where to buy
support your local needlework store! 
		if your favorite store is not 
		on the list, ask if they will special order for you.
contact us
your best source for needlework for over 35 years.
 







cross stitch patterns and needlework supplies
the best way to buy counted cross stitch, needlework, and 
		stitchery is to shop at your local needlework store. they love stitching 
		as much as you do, and they are there to help you.  
 all the products that you will find here are available to your favorite 
store from yarn tree. it is impossible for a store to stock everything, but if 
they do not have what you want in stock, most stores will be happy to special 
order it for you (make a note of our item number for easy ordering). if you do 
not have a needlework store in your area feel free to contact us directly at 
1-800-247-3952 or e-mail us at 
info@yarntree.com  be sure to check out our list 
of needlework stores. all prices shown are suggested retail in u.s. dollars; 
actual prices may vary by location.  for 
wholesale information call 1-800-247-3952. 
international customers. we want your business! all of the items on this web 
site are available to your store at wholesale prices.


the 2025 nashville needlework market will be held march 7-9, 2025.
		find out 
		more about the premier wholesale trade show for cross stitch!
q-snap is part of yarn tree!

you are able to obtain all the same great q-snap products from yarn 
		tree. 
		
		our custom manufactured frames offer quilters and needle workers a 
		sturdy but lightweight frame for quilting, 
		counted cross stitch, embroidery and much more.  the same great product. the same great service. here is the q-snap 
		section of our catalog.

		wholesale and distributor pricing is available. please call 
		1-800-247-3952 for information.
popular
 try our 
cross stitch calculator. 
tells stitched size, and suggests fabric size, needle, and number of strands of 
floss. add to your site.
learn to cross stitch!
if you are not a cross stitcher yet, start here. counted cross stitch is fun 
and easy. but watch out, cross stitch can be addictive! learn to cross stitch 
yourself or teach a friend!

 popular  
 free beginner chart & 
instructions.  instructions are also available in 
.pdf format.  here is
another learn to cross 
stitch design.  either design would work great for a class.
 popular
 learn to cross stitch in 5 minutes
youtube 
video
 
mini lessons.
how to do quarter and half stitches. 
feel free to use anything on this site on your web 
page, in your store, or for classes.
online cross stitch catalog


	online catalog is a shopping cart style catalog. this has 
	both cross stitch patterns as well as products. stores may order online! it 
	is fast and easy. simply create a login and password to start your online 
	account. suggested retail prices shown; your wholesale discount will be 
	applied when we process your order. previous payment terms will apply. this 
	is the most up to date information.

cross stitch books & patterns



use the 

online catalog
 cross stitch patterns. more information, descriptions, and bigger 
photos! updated weekly. yarn tree sells counted cross stitch and other 
needlework supplies wholesale to stores. stores may order patterns and products 
from the online catalog. simply log in and create a password for your online 
account. for non-book items, you please use the 
online catalog which is updated 
weekly.

 
find retail stores
 
retail stores.   the needlework stores listed in this 
section either have the products shown below, or can special order it for you 
from yarn tree. before your next vacation, check out the list to find some great 
stores to visit on your trip!
learn to cross stitch
popular
 free 
beginner chart & instructions. if you are not a cross stitcher yet, 
start here. counted cross stitch is fun and easy. but watch out, cross stitch 
can be addictive! learn to cross stitch yourself or teach a friend! instructions 
are also available in .pdf format. the .pdf format 
page is great for classes! feel free to make copies. 
learn 
to cross stitch in 5 minutes
youtube 
video
free stuff
check out our free stuff pages for, well, 'free stuff'! feel free to use any 
information in our web pages for classes or to add to your own web page--we want 
people to learn how to cross stitch! (please include our name and web address)
 
free beginner chart & instructions. if you are not a cross stitcher yet, 
start here. counted cross stitch is fun and easy. but watch out, cross stitch 
can be addictive! learn to cross stitch yourself or teach a friend! instructions 
are also available in .pdf format. the .pdf format 
page is great for classes! feel free to make copies. 
popular
 try our 
cross stitch calculator. 
tells stitched size, and suggests fabric size, needle, and number of strands of 
floss. add to your site.
 
stitches to inches chart.
use this table to determine the finished size of a design for various fabric 
counts. also in .pdf format.

how to wash cross stitch.  also a reprint of 
excellent information from the smithsonian museum conservation institute on how 
to remove various types of stains from textiles.
 embroidery floss 
conversion charts. anchor to dmc floss conversion chart.  
(also in .pdf format). 
dmc to anchor floss conversion chart (aso in 
.pdf format).
 color pictures of the 
floss colors by color family. great for finding that mystery color. 
dmc floss   
anchor floss
popular
 free cross stitch patterns.
backstitch alphabet (2 stitches tall), 
block letter alphabet 
(9 stitches tall). other free alphabet 
charts. free graph 
small bear & heart cross stitched on perforated paper. 
business to business

ordering wholesale

terms 
& conditions

online catalog

international orders



advertising & promotions
passport tour

an evening of elegance

art walk

free coffee

pajama party

marketing theory

marketing 101

niche marketing

marginal profit

breakeven analysis

monte carlo technique

spreadsheet 101

other

selling to yarn tree

copyright basics

trademark basics

using information from this web site

needlework retailer trade magazine

needlework retailer site

wholesale buyer's 
guide

yarn tree specialty sites
malibu tubes

ziplock plastic bags

 





		
visit our cross stitch blog for new products and news.
view all
  









117 
alexander avenue, ames, iowa 50010. 
phone: 800-247-3952 or 515-232-3121. 
fax 800-291-0789 or 515-232-0789
email info@yarntree.com  please use 
the secure form to send credit 
card information.
for wholesale information please call 1-800-247-3952. all prices shown
are suggested retail.

  ordering. all
the items shown here are available to retail stores from yarn tree. we encourage you
to contact your local needlework store. however, if
there is not a needlework store in your area, or if you have any questions or comments,
you may contact us directly at 800-247-3952. stores may open a wholesale account by
calling 800-247-3952. stores outside the usa may contact us by
e-mail or
fax. please use the secure form 
to send credit card information. contact us.

 







