                                         hermann historica               to be able to use hermann historica in full range, we recommend activating javascript in your browser.                   auctions     buy     sell       departments     services             english    deutsch   english       


  
                                    login
                            




  

                            shopping cart
                    
0

 

     logout                                                to category buy            current  always up to date! subscribe now for our newsletter and never ever miss an auction again.      subscribe now!       information    current auctions   past auctions   post-auction sale   catalogue shop   payment & shipping   usa-lot   contact & location   how to bid              to category sell            current  always up to date! subscribe now for our newsletter and never ever miss an auction again.      subscribe now!       information    information for sellers   departments   contact & location              to category departments              firearms   antiquities   arms & armour   works of art   orders & military collectibles   german contemporary history              to category services              hermann historica   how to bid   press releases   press review   trade fairs & other dates   contact & location   our team   newsletter   career   faqs   wbk   downloads   shipping & payment                                auctions     buy     sell     departments     services       your account       watchlist      your auctions     overview     registered auctions     your bids     your won lots       orders      your data      sign in   or  register       overview     profile     addresses     payment methods          logout          login         shopping cart  0          logout          english    deutsch   english                  
























preparations for our grand spring auction are in full swing!
every day, we dedicate ourselves with the utmost care to the treasures from your consignments—expertly described, beautifully photographed, and meticulously cataloged. very soon, we’ll unveil the first glimpses of the highlights of our spring auction! and by popular demand, our premium print catalogs are making a return—just in time for the auction, perfect for browsing, discovering, and collecting. stay excited with us!






















live auction from april 28 - may 9, 2025


mon, 28.04. orders and military collectibles before 1918
tue, 29.04. orders and military collectibles after 1919
wed, 30.04. the dave delich collection part 4/4

 

tue, 06.05. art, antiquities & antiques
wed, 07.05. antique arms and armor
wed, 07.05. antique firearms 
thu, 08.05. modern firearms 
fri, 09.05. service weapons

also don't miss:

summer auction - end of july 2025
autumn auction - mid-november 2025






hermann historica on-site (trade fair dates) 


20 - 22 february, 2025sos show
















first glimpses of the upcoming spring auction












                estate of rear admiral wasuke komaki (1884 - 1932)
            






                a jetton of the russian 10th infantry regiment, dated 1892
            






                a shapka for men in the 1st guards-uhlan regiment,  dated 1915
            






                a czapka for subaltern officers in the k. k.  landwehr-ulan regiment no. 3
            






                a collar of the imperial order of the yoke and the arrows
            






                general maximilian fretter-pico - a gift sword of the italian mvsn
            






                an allach commemorative brown clay vase for the city of munich, in the original box
            






                a large german agate seal stamp of king william i, circa 1865
            






                a traditional transylvanian silver-gilt brooch ("heftel"), late 17th century
            






                a pair of large silver-mounted crystal table lamps, russia, moscow 1895
            






                a viking sword with ringerike-style inlay
            






                a gladius of the mainz type, fulham variant, with preserved pommel decoration
            






                a saxon renaissance crossbow with bone inlays, circa 1600
            






                a borchard, mod. c 93, dwm, in case
            






                a roth-sauer pistol for the colonial police force of deutsch-südwestafrika 
            






                a combination gun blaser mod. 880 with kahles scope
            










our departments


















works of art










antiquities










arms & armour










firearms










orders & militaria










contemporary history















information

















        catalogue shop
    








        trade fairs & dates
    








        press
    








        faqs
    
















service_kontakt_und_anfahrt

contact & location
do you have any questions or want to visit us?





find your way to hermann historica









service_newsletter

newsletter
receive news on upcoming auctions and highlights





subscribe here









           hermann historica gmbh   bretonischer ring 385630 grasbrunn / munichphone.: +49 (0) 89 - 54 72 64 9 - 0monday - friday10am - 12:30pm2pm - 6pm      service & help      account     payment & shipping     terms & conditions     revocation information     faq        information      contact     imprint     privacy policy     trade fairs & collectors meetings     press        newsletter    subscribe to our newsletter – and make sure to never ever miss a hermann historica auction again, learn about upcoming events and tradeshows and get all our news in realtime!         subscribe   german english french italian      i took note of the privacy policy.                                            * all prices incl. value added tax plus shipping costs        contact     imprint          
cookie settings
this website uses cookies for an optimal website experience. this includes cookies necessary for the operation of the website, cookies for anonymous statistical purposes and cookies for comfort settings. we also share information about the use of this website with our partners for analysis and social media. our social media partners also receive information about the use of this website and may combine this with other data. you are free to decide which cookie categories you want to allow. for more information, please see our privacy policy.







required






preferences






statistics






marketing



accept all cookies
submit
details



required
necessary cookies make this website usable by enabling basic functions such as access protection and cookie settings.
details



preferences
preference cookies store site-specific settings such as language. if activated, you do not need to reconfigure them on a new visit.
details



statistics
statistical cookies help us to analyse the interaction of our visitors with our website. the data is collected anonymously.
details



marketing
marketing cookies are used to follow visitors to websites. the intent is to show ads that are relevant and appealing to the individual user and therefore more valuable to publishers and third party advertisers
details









       