


home chiropractic, do it yourself home chiropractic care home course - $95.00









home chiropractic, do it yourself
chiropractic care.
welcome to the easy to learn, complete home chiropractic course made special for you and your family.



dear people,    the expense of all types of health care in this country is nuts. this is the reason we are presenting home chiropractic to you, so you and your family can at least save on the rediculous costs of professional chiropractic care.think of this: you won't always have to pay chiropractors thru the nose if you don't want to.dr. holmquist always said:"people get a medicine cabinet in their home whether they ask for it or not, but wouldn't it be nice if every home also came with a simple chiropractic table that folds out of the wall because everyone would develop a natural feeling of how to align the spine and it would be of much greater benefit than a pill cabinet."








home
    chiropractic handbook & video / dvdmaverick chiropractor dr. holmquist says, "most modern chiropractors are
    running a racket of endless treatments." this is why home chiropractic 
can save your family thousands of
    dollars.

the only 
course 
 showing the family how to apply  chiropractic in your home. with dr. holmquist's 194 page book and
    coordinated 100 minute video / dvd you'll see how easy 
home
    chiropractic can be.
experience the benefit of chiropractic simply explained and fully illustrated in the home chiropractic handbook. it is
    comprehensive yet clearly written in plain language and completely coordinated with the video / dvd making it easy to follow.







dr. holmquist who is the 4th chiropractor in his family
teaches you step by step so you can give chiropractic adjustments
      to your family. in addition self 
adjusting is demonstrated in the video / dvd for the 
        single person.

you will find the production and filming of home chiropractic to be high quality. after selling home chiropractic in every state and 42 countries since 1985 we
        have thousands of testimonials and feel you'll want to have
        this knowledge available in your home or return it and we'll refund
    your money.






there are five healthy life images by dr. holmquist with easy to use information that complements our home chiropractic course. the knowledge on these healthy life images will be so valuable to you and your family in attaining and maintaining health.

most important we want you to know we offer all of this in a straightforward way with no gimmicks, gigits, or bullshit. home chiropractic is the best way to eliminate a lot of health care expense. sharing knowledge is our all american way of life - so we believe you will be happy to have this in your home.








contents are as follows:
the purpose of  this book and video 
            / dvd.
chiropractic philosophy, science, and art explained.
basic anatomy of the spine.
getting acquainted with feeling the spine.
spinal correcting techniques applied
build your own family correcting table.
family maintenance correcting
when to see a professional chiropractor and how to choose one.
the educated mind, the innate mind and the life principal of
            chiropractic.
four essential body requirements and the effect of positive or negative emotions.


 


 
it is time to bring to the public a way to understand and apply the chiropractic
      principal in correcting the spine in his or her own home.

the knowledge you will gain with the home
        chiropractic handbook and video / dvd is priceless and of
        course, once you learn it you can use it whenever you want...
for free !
along with home chiropractic course, handbook and dvd
        you will receive a surprise bonus of 5 healthy life images.
        all for a total of $150.
        and this includes priority mail to you.
        send check or money order to:

        home chiropractic
        p.o. box  2075 
      forks wa 98331
questions? call 1-800-504-1818 - 
        leave a message and we'll return your call.


        orders leave 7 days after personal check clears bank 
        money orders require no waiting   

        we are a long time honest business, since 1985 and we fill orders in a timely manner   

        foreign country orders send $ 200. = in us currency 
questions? call 1-800-504-1818 - 
leave a message and phone # and we'll return your call.

a note from dr. homquist.
	    hi folks
thank you for checking out home chiropractic.
as a fact of history d. d. palmer, the first chiropractor in 1895 was self-taught and
proceeded to teach others from his home. after a short time he would tell his students to
go out, hang up a shingle and start adjusting people. those early chiropractors built
the largest natural healing profession in the world using just their hands and simple tables.
x-ray technology wasn’t even available until 30 – 40 years later. they were self-taught
men and women that didn’t even have a book / video or dvd as a guide. i bring this to
your attention to show the simplicity of the wonderful old time chiropractic philosophy,
science and art, proving its possible for you to teach yourself as well.
i feel sure if you avail yourself of home chiropractic you’ll be happy to have it
around your home

        my best to you
        dr. karl (hover here) 
	    




 
because our advertising costs are so high, a donation to our 
        effort in helping families with home chiropractic 
        would be 
        so helpful.  if this is possible for you, please please add an amount to your check that is comfortable for you. we are sincerely 
    grateful for any help! 




 

copyright©  1985- 2000- 2001- 2002- 2003-2004- 2005-2006-2007-2008 all rights reserved
one 8 incorporated







