



ethiopia, ethiopian politics blog - ethiopia, news, ethiopia, analysis, addis abeba, ethiopian, politics




















 



    
	ethiopian politics blog
	
  
"you just need to be a flea against injustice. enough committed fleas biting strategically can make even the biggest dog uncomfortable - and transform even the biggest nation."-marian wright edelman





click here for ethiopolitics news


new! ethiopolitics presents "artist of the day"  where we feature artists from all over the world who have contributed significantly to the world of music.









monday, june 01, 2009



	 
	 events leading up to ginbot 20 and after
	 
    


ny-times archive from 18 years agomajor general fanta belay (l) and general amha desta (r)both killed after mengistu coup attempt mengistu tells of execution of coup figures... 9 generals executed, mengistu            regaining control...ethiopia base and 2 towns fall to rebels... as rebels surge, addis fears fate...u.s. urges americans to leave ethiopia... tamirat layne (l) berket simon (c) meles zenawi (r)mengistu flees to zim; officials want u.s. help... rebels storm capital addis...new ethiopia affirms right to secede...eritreans voting on independence...



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 8:22 am





wednesday, august 06, 2008



ep's olympic site



starting august 8, 2008 - august 24, 2008 follow the latest on ethiopia's olympic athletes here at www.ethiopolitics.com/olympics2008 



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 6:43 am





thursday, february 14, 2008



	 
	 ethiopia - bizarre news of the day
	 
    


the eprdf (ethiopian govt.) has assembled a team of people with a task to edit and change wikipedia entries regarding ethiopia. the first target was amnesty international. the eprdf introduced an entry about amnesty international's involvement in helping the "extremist" private media in ethiopia in wikipedia.(...more from ez)



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 4:56 am





wednesday, february 13, 2008



	 
	 ethiopia - a moment with...haile gerima
	 
    


what struggles do independent filmmakers face in bringing projects to fruition? filmmaker haile gerima talks about these issues and his film 'sankofa,' a widely acclaimed movie about slavery. he also describes the influence of his ethiopian heritage on his work.



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 8:23 pm








	 
	 ethiopians die in somali port blast
	 
    


an explosion killed at least 20 people and wounded a hundred more in a northern somali port where immigrants often try to cross to yemen.



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 8:19 pm








	 
	 ethiopia - hr2003 revisited
	 
    


an american law professor, teaching at the ethiopian ministry of education’s mekelle university in the tigray region of ethiopia, had her contract terminated last week by university officials.the administration claims “incompetence” was the reason for her termination. but professor abigail salisbury claims that her public voicing of alternative views on the u.s. house of representative’s ethiopia democracy and accountability act of 2007 (hr2003) got her fired.after failing to convince the university’s academic commission that her contract should not be terminated, professor salisbury is planning to depart ethiopia. the firing quickly followed an article she published in “the jurist,” the online university of pittsburgh law review journal, in which she described candidly her participation in a mekelle university law faculty forum on hr 2003.taking one stance, professor salisbury writes, “listening to the ethiopians talk about the bill’s various points during the discussion forum, i… wonder[ed] if america hadn’t done something foolish…by asserting its right to determine the domestic affairs of a foreign nation.” she also points out that the factual findings section of hr2003 must be updated to reflect current human rights progress in ethiopia.but based on the passionate testimonies of her own international human rights law students at mekelle, conveyed to her within mid-term essays she assigned, salisbury reached an alternative conclusion – that hr2003 should be seen as an attempt by american foreign policy makers not to threaten ethiopian sovereignty, but to improve the lives of poor ethiopians who are truly suffering under a government with a firm grip on freedom of speech.“i had been very careful in wording my assignment. i asked the students to select a human rights issue in ethiopia…and find another country dealing with that same situation. they were required to then compare the actions of the two nations,” salisbury writes. according to her, a number of students wrote that they would never give their real opinions to an ethiopian professor, for fear of “being turned in to the government and punished.”according to professor salisbury, the terms of her contract make it clear that in the case of premature termination, she should receive three months’ pay. claiming they have an alternative interpretation, university officials have decided not to honor this clause. but salisbury is more disappointed by the failure of the university’s professors and officials to honor freedom of speech. “the dean [of mekelle law school] told me never to be afraid to write anything,” the young american law professor recalled for ssi.hr2003 was passed in october 2007 by the us house of representatives and is now being debated by the senate foreign relations committee. it proposes to withdraw “nonessential” assistance from ethiopia until the federal government meets human rights obligations outlined in the act.



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 6:07 pm





thursday, february 07, 2008



	 
	 ethiopia - it is all about us and our future
	 
    


many years ago, i remember listening a story on deutche weille (german radio). the story was about a german who once visited ethiopia. he traveled to two neighboring villages which were not in good terms.when he arrived in the first village he received a warm welcome. elders showed him an excellent ethiopian hospitality.(more...)



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 7:36 am





monday, february 04, 2008




...new obama video



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 11:47 am








	 
	 ethiopia - national bank bought fake gold
	 
    


five senior executives from the national bank of ethiopia (nbe) and three chemists from the ethiopian geological survey were arrested last week for their alleged involvement in a gold fraud scandal.(video and more)



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 7:14 am





wednesday, january 30, 2008



	 
	 making exceptions for ethiopia
	 
    


western policy towards africa is ill-informed and inconsistent. that’s the message of ethiopia’s prime minister, meles zenawi, in his interview in the guardian last week. and there’s some truth in what he says. but meles should be careful what he wishes for.(more...)



      posted by ethiopolitics  artist of the day  at 3:42 pm










contact:ethiopianpolitics at yahoo dot com 

make ep-blog your home page 
 this blog is blocked in ethiopia  

senate advocacy packet  h.r. 2003(get involved. now is the time!)[word file][pdf file]sign petition


epb-podcast

announcements
-h.r. 2003
-amharic translation of h.r. 2003
-white house letter writing campaign


ethioindex
ethio media
emf
cyber zena
ethiopian review
nazret
addis voice
abugida info

ethio-zagol
dagmawi
meskel square
enset
ethio pundit
carpe diem ethiopia
weichegud!et politics
weblog ethiopia
global voices online (ethiopia)


qaliti qalkidan
help pass h.r. 2003
eaca's congressional toolkit*
amnesty international report
crime and nourishment 
make dictatorship history
solidarity tigrai
anuak justice council

 political defiance


free professor mesfin wolde-mariam
free dr.berhanu nega
free dr.yacob hailemariam
free kifle tigneh

video (final vote of the inquiry commission) 

citizens' charter for a democratic ethiopia
interview [part one]
interview [part two]
previous posts

events leading up to ginbot 20 and after
ep's olympic site
ethiopia - bizarre news of the day
ethiopia - a moment with...haile gerima
ethiopians die in somali port blast
ethiopia - hr2003 revisited
ethiopia - it is all about us and our future
...new obama video
ethiopia - national bank bought fake gold
making exceptions for ethiopia

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
august 2008
june 2009










 





