


chinese tea store - teaspring.com
 
 
















home |
				tea info |
				about us | 
				f.a.q. |
				contact us |
				my account
				   
				



























welcome to our chinese tea store - teaspring.com
			our main categories of chinese tea are green tea, black tea, oolong tea,
			white tea and herbal tea. check out our tea products.
		


  chinese green tea chinese green tea is light and refreshing. well known for its many health benefits, chinese green tea helps to prevent cancer, lowers cholesterol & blood pressure, strengthens the immune system, prevents cavities, reduces stress and regulates ageing.   chinese black tea tastes thick and robust. tea connoisseurs appreciate chinese black tea as a beverage with various purifying qualities. chinese black tea blends easily with other flavors to create a rich and exquisite taste. regular consumption of chinese black tea can reduce risk of stroke.   chinese oolong tea flowery sweet aroma combined with a pleasantly sweet aftertaste, chinese oolong tea never loses its appeal no matter how often you drink it. chinese oolong tea increases your body energy, promotes metabolism, controls obesity and helps to regulate ageing.   pu-erh tea pu-erh is renowned for its medicinal qualities. unlike other teas, pu-erh's quality and taste improves with age. it's taste is often described as earthy but some very well aged pu-erh produce cups of incredibly smooth and wonderfully complex beverage.   chinese white and yellow tea chinese white & yellow teas are light and delicately smooth. they are the least processed tea, undergoing just steaming and drying, leaving it close to its natural state. recent studies have shown that these teas contains more cancer-fighting antioxidants than any other teas.   chinese herbal tea looking for a caffeine-free alternative? try chinese herbal tea. chinese herbal tea contains herbal tisanes formulated to taste delicious and refreshing while helping to keep your mind relaxed and body rejuvenated.   gaiwan | tenmoku | othersfor centuries, chinese tea has been brewed in small yixing teapots or in bowl-shaped cups called gaiwan. some tea connoisseurs reputedly use different pots for different types of tea as this is said to draw out the best flavor of the tea. heighten your experience with these teaware. 
  tea gift box chinese tea, a wonderful beverage with many health benefits makes great gifts. it sends a message that you truly care, no matter if the recipient is a special friend, a family member or your loved one. just select the gift box and accompanying teas, and send that message today!

 





we assure quality
						we understand how difficult it can be to get good quality and fresh tea
						in america and europe. our teas are guaranteed fresh as we ship directly to you
						from china. if you are not satisfied with our merchandise, you may return it for a full refund.
					

we ship worldwide
					    our standard shipping rate is a flat charge of $3.80 to any destination in the world. 
						every orders totaling $70 and above will be shipped free of charge.
						orders placed are usually shipped within two business days.

					

our rewards points program
                            orders placed online earn you points in our rewards program. every dollar spent (excluding shipping and wrapping charges) equals one point. use these points to redeem gift certificates and other great rewards. 
					








we gladly accept 













			"there are times, nonetheless, when the meaning of 'drink' becomes obscure. 
			if one would merely slake his thirst, then he can drink rice and water. 
			should melancholy, sadness or anger strike, he can turn to wine to drink. 
			but if one would dispel an evening's unproductive lassitude, the meaning of 'drink' is tea."
			
			



- an excerpt from cha jing (the classic of tea) by lu yu (733-804), tang dynasty


 

item(s) : 0your shopping cart is emptyshipping infoworldwide shipping cost at $3.80! free shipping for orders of $70 and above. latest 2024 harvested teasjade tie guan yin
tie guan yin
te ji pearl jasmine
bai hao yin zhen
bai mu dan
gu zhu zi sun
cha wang huang shan mao feng
shui xian
huang jin gui
ying de hong
  font size:  xi hu long jingdong ting bi luo chunhuang shan mao fengtai ping hou kuilu an gua pianxin yang mao jianqi men hongjun shan yin zhenda hong paoan xi tie guan yin
 





 


home |
		tea info |
		about us | 
		f.a.q. |
		contact us |
		my account


 

copyright © 2003-2025 teaspring.com. all rights reserved.
 





