     acura dealer in cerritos, ca | used cars cerritos | cerritos acura                                                                    cerritos acura        sales 888-321-6797    service 888-525-1407  parts 888-728-4630      18827 studebaker rdcerritos, ca 90703                                           service        map        contact                      cerritos acura            call 888-321-6797   directions                       new   search inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   manufacturers incentives   acura info center   the all new 2024 zdx type s     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   search certified inventory   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   acura certified pre-owned   value your trade     express store   shop all models   how express works     value your trade   value your trade      specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer incentives   acura college grad program   acura military program     service & parts   service department   acura accelerated service   schedule service   parts center   order parts   parts estore   accessories estore   acura recall lookup   acura authorized tire center     finance   finance department   finance application   payment calculator   service & parts financing   lease benefits   manufacturers incentives   value your trade    get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)     about   our dealership   meet our staff   join our team    why buy from cerritos acura   community involvement   history of browning   cerritos acura accommodation policy     contact   hours & directions   directions from long beach   notice at collection     body shop   privacy policy   privacy policy   ccpa requests     🔋 ev hub                    home   new   search inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   manufacturers incentives   acura info center   the all new 2024 zdx type s     used   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   search certified inventory   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   acura certified pre-owned   value your trade     express store   shop all models   how express works     value your trade   value your trade      specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer incentives   acura college grad program   acura military program     service & parts   service department   acura accelerated service   schedule service   parts center   order parts   parts estore   accessories estore   acura recall lookup   acura authorized tire center     finance   finance department   finance application   payment calculator   service & parts financing   lease benefits   manufacturers incentives   value your trade    get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)     about   our dealership   meet our staff   join our team    why buy from cerritos acura   community involvement   history of browning   cerritos acura accommodation policy     contact   hours & directions   directions from long beach   notice at collection     body shop   privacy policy   privacy policy   ccpa requests     🔋 ev hub           


                                                                                                                          



     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         









100% online experience


shop our

express store


instant pricing - no hassle - build your deal online


 
start shopping

 
see how it works





 




 
start shopping

 
see how it works


      search new inventory      search used inventory            choose your vehicle     mdx        tlx        rdx        integra        zdx          




schedule
service
go 







get
financing
go 







current
offers
go 







trade
appraisal
go 




     


quality maintenance

highest number of acura certified technicians.
12 month guarantee on services performed by our certified technicians.
accelerated service and lube available.
complimentary shuttle drop off and pick up.
complimentary loaner vehicles available during services.
convenient early bird and night drop off available.

schedule service



      








click to see dealership hours and get directions to cerritos acura







acura dealership
in cerritos, ca
welcome to cerritos acura, where you can browse our entire inventory of new acura vehicles and used cars at our cerritos region new and used car dealership. come visit us to test drive a vehicle, speak to one of our experts or discuss financing options. you can also call us at (888) 321-6797. cerritos acura serves quality vehicles from acura to the cypress ca, norwalk ca, buena park ca, and the long beach, los angeles county area. our large selection ensures that we have a vehicle for everyone, no matter what it is you're looking for.
more about us





sales hours      monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 8:00pm    

service hours      monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed    



more about our new & used car dealer in cerritos ca, serving buena park


our finance department is here to simplify the process of getting a car loan or acura lease in cerritos, california. we work with multiple financial institutions to secure your low interest auto loan. start the car loan process online by completing our secure online finance application.
our greater cerritos acura car repair center has the resources to make your vehicle run as well as it did the day you drove it off the lot. cerritos acura has skilled auto repair mechanics that have spent years working on acura vehicles and will properly diagnose your car, truck, suv or vans problem. cerritos acura also offers car parts to the cerritos area so that you can maintain your vehicle. 


our genuine acura auto parts will keep your vehicle in top condition for many years to come and our auto body repair shop and collision center will take car of all your car's auto body needs. our car repair, auto parts and auto body and collision center is located at our cerritos acura dealership in cerritos, ca.
we hope to have the opportunity to meet you soon at our greater cerritos acura dealership. our helpful staff is always available to answer any question you may have about purchasing a new or used car, financing, repair or car parts. call cerritos acura today at (888) 321-6797 or stop by our dealership located at 18827 studebaker rd, cerritos, ca. we are located just a short distance from norwalk, buena park and the long beach, ca area. we look forward to your visit!




       



follow


                                 



               

acura dealership in cerritos, ca
if you're thinking about purchasing a new car for your daily commute in cerritos, cerritos acura is the only dealership you should visit. since 1986, we have been one of california's new and used auto dealers, and we are proud to provide a variety of services to make both shopping for and owning your car a lot easier and more enjoyable. stop by today and our team will leap into action to make sure you can drive away in the acura automobile that's perfect for you.


finding your acura
when you visit our lot, you'll have your pick of one of california's largest inventories of new and used acura vehicles. we are excited to keep in stock the latest versions of the rdx, mdx, tlx, and ilx, making it easy to find a high-quality model that meets all of your wants and needs.
our sales team possesses over 300 years of combined acura experience, meaning they have the know-how to help you choose a vehicle that fits your budget and will serve your transportation needs for years to come. if you enjoy shopping for your car online, we list all of our new and used models on our website. when you've found a car you can't resist, you can drop by our lot to schedule a test drive.


unbeatable automotive service
your acura is a big investment. to make sure you get the most out of your vehicle, you'll need to schedule periodic maintenance. fortunately, receiving the dependable maintenance services that you need and deserve is easy when you work with our highly skilled maintenance team the techs who comprise our service staff have earned both acura and ase certifications, meaning they understand how to keep your automobile in tiptop shape. when you schedule service with one of our certified technicians, we offer a 12-month guarantee to give you peace of mind.
we offer multiple service options to make keeping your vehicle in great shape easier. complimentary shuttle drop-off and pick-up are available so that you can handle a few errands while your vehicle is being serviced. we also offer complimentary loaner vehicles so that you don't have to put your schedule on hold. additionally, we offer accelerated service and lube for our customers with busy lifestyles.



           any mpg listed is based on model year epa mileage ratings. use for comparison purposes only. your actual mileage will vary, depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle, driving conditions, battery pack age/condition (hybrid only) and other factors.      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy  | do not sell my personal information  | cerritos acura | 18827 studebaker rd, cerritos, ca 90703 | sales: 888-321-6797            












  









                 