


































































billings gazette | breaking news | read billings, mt and montana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-3°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



406 politics



business



education



nation & world



last 24 hours



history



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



guest/columnists




sports


high school



big sky conference



college



scoreboard



professional



betting



rodeo




lifestyles


event calendar



music



movies & tv



games



contests



comics



play



people



montana untamed



food



health



get healthy



parenting



home & garden



people



pets



faith



celebrations



travel




outdoors


ski report



your shots



just for kids




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



marketplace



jobs



advertise



shop local



i love a deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



advertising info



help center



gift susbcriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









-3°
snow shower
























        
        
            seven pieces you can bring home from the yam auction (and one you can't)

there are 22 works in the live auction and 170 in the silent auction, a kaleidoscopic exploration of the area arts scene, some with price tags lower than you'd think.

















        
        
            montana house takes up bill to prohibit regulations on facilities that discourage abortion

a proposal would make it illegal for state lawmakers to impose many regulations on pregnancy centers, facilities that provide resources to pregnant women and discourage abortion.

















        
        
            state swimming: billings central, bozeman, bison,  back on top, maximiliano aguirre breaks record

familiar faces topped the podium saturday at the conclusion of the 2025 state swim meet and history was made. 

















        
        
            here are montana's 2025 all-class state wrestling tournament final results

check out team scores and final results. 

















        
        
            photo: veterans park skating opens this week

the veterans park skating rink has been flooded by billings parks and recreation and is open for skaters this week.

















        
        
            billings group in charge of tax dollars for jail diversion folds after years of turbulence

county leaders say a local group that for years distributed county and state funds meant to divert people out of the jail failed to be accountable or produce results.

















        
        
            montana economy bolstered through intermountain health investments

intermountain health uses investing power to benefit the communities it serves; underserved montana populations and small businesses receive a funding boost in 2024.  










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            billings group in charge of tax dollars for jail diversion folds after years of turbulence



















        
        
            billings neighbors: obituaries for february 17


















        
        
            here's what’s open and closed on presidents day















                
                the latest



















        
        
            billings neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in billings gazette. 





















        
        
            billings neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in billings gazette. 





















        
        
            crow flag song opens veteran resource fair on saturday




















        
        
            billings neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in billings gazette. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ap top stories february 17 a




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            helena capital's elizabeth urban after winning at state swimming




















        
        
            polson's teague mcelwee after winning two events at the state swim meet












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            montana state bobcats indoor track and field breaks three records over 'memorable weekend'

"after i was done competing, i broke down when hugging my parents because i felt this weight lift off of me." colby wilson, who broke his own pole vault record





















        
        
            photos: state swimming finals

photos from the finals races of the montana high school state swim meet feb. 15, 2025 in great falls. 




















        
        
            full court press: montana high school basketball highlights (feb. 15)

highlights and high scorers from high school basketball games around montana.





















        
        
            2025 billings west wrestling montana state championship round highlights

in addition to morse, six other golden bears wrestlers won state championships on saturday night at the metra. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            a clear view at any distance: why progressive lenses can be a smart choice

contributor content. progressive lenses can offer a great solution for those seeking an alternative to bifocals or trifocals.












contributor








        
        
            unlock business growth with a competitor analysis tool: a strategic guide

contributor content. competitor analysis tools are integral to staying ahead in any market, providing crucial data and insight about the market and your competitors’ successes and failures. 












partner








        
        
            are the top search engine’s days numbered? social media as a new search tool

provided content. read about the rise of social media platforms as an alternative search tool. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            rick young auctioneer



                                        2878 hwy 78 , absarokee, mt 59101
                                    






 website






















        
        
            brighten inc



                                        po box 80482, billings, mt 59108
                                    






















        
        
            jone hayes



                                        405 burlington ave, missoula, mt 59801
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















health





        
        
            miracle-ear - billings - ad from 2025-02-16
























restaurant





        
        
            mccormick cafe - ad from 2025-02-14
























service





        
        
            dahl funeral & cremation svc. - ad from 2025-02-11
























medical





        
        
            st vincent health care - local - ad from 2025-02-16
























education





        
        
            billings public library - ad from 2025-02-14
























education





        
        
            msubillings foundation - ad from 2025-02-12
























home





        
        
            gainans flowers - ad from 2025-02-12





























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


i love a deal

thrifty nickel

newspaper special sections

online features

get healthy




services


subscribe

advertise

e-edition

contact us

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        billings gazette, 401 n broadway billings, mt 59101
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































