








friendly mn family and golf resort family reunions golf packages family vacations










































































































skip to content








book nowhomehistorylocationweatherlodginglodgingratesrecreationgallerygolfpezhekee national golf coursegolf ratesspring & fall golffront 91 waube mokwa2 ouray3 nohowa4 pownike5 mewissa6 ishkoodah7 meda8 oweenee9 keegoback 910 keywadin11 yo-he-wa12 taavi13 pauguk14 moninka15 minnewaska16 neenah17 pau-wating18 pierre19 finishing hole 






special eventsreunionsweddingscontact320-634-4501map 














homepierce2024-03-30t10:08:47-05:00 
peters sunset beach resort • golf

 





 


 


 


 


 





lodgingour minnesota resort on lake minnewaska hosts families, friends and golf groups. we are located near glenwood, mn, and the alexandria lakes area. guests enjoy vacations, family reunions, golf outings, anniversaries, and weddings all right here at the resort.  we are a recreation family-friendly resort with many activities for all ages and a host of on-site amenities. our family manages the resort and has continuously each summer for 109+ years.
we have anywhere from one bedroom to seven bedroom lake cabin rentals in mn.  the main grounds are within walking of the first tee of our beautiful 18 hole golf course and our tennis courts. curious how to plan a family reunion or need vacation ideas? lake minnewaska is a 7,100+ acre sandy bottom lake great for swimming, boating, our water park, and spectacular sunsets. guests can rent our pontoon, deck boat, kayaks, and paddle boards. the lake has renowned fishing as well, where guests can bring a boat, reserve a boat rental, or fish off our docks. comfortable and varied accommodations are situated near lake minnewaska.
our central minnesotan golf course, pezhekee national, features excellent greens, beautiful views, varied natural terrain, wooded areas, colorful wildflower areas, and a suspension bridge modeled after the golden gate bridge. the golf course has a rewarding, yet challenging layout. enjoy golfing in a relaxed resort atmosphere.
experience the numerous recreational activities at our resort, including two tennis courts, pickle ball, basketball, volleyball, shuffleboard, yard games, pool table, ping pong, and more. stay connected with reliable wi-fi, and unwind with our selection of movies available for rent.

five generations of the peters family host guests at this minnesota resort for over 100 years on lake minnewaska, which is south of glenwood and the alexandria area.
we’re on the road less traveled, but it’s convenient to get here.  located 15 miles south of i94 in west central mn, we’re halfway between the twin cities and the fargo/moorhead area. drive here from msp and the surrounding areas.
fly nonstop into msp or fargo.  msp international airport is a top rated airport located 145 miles southwest.
once here, park the car and enjoy your vacation.

my family has been vacationing at the resort for years. we have very much enjoyed it every year that we’ve gone–the units are lovely and perfect for a family get-together.
rose berg
beautiful facility next to a beautiful lake.
stacey pederson
quiet, beautiful, and so much fun. the family goes out of their way to make sure all goes well.
pat larson
i stayed here over the 4th with my family for the second time and again we found it to be a great place!!
craig gartner
gorgeous! beautiful layout, convenient, spacious. really enjoyed the little bit of time there
amanda hanson
awesome place. very clean. family friendly
linda schnobrich
i love this place! our family and cousins come here every year, and it has never let us down.
elijah derosier
wonderful place for a family vacation.
ross kigner
so much to do. wish we had time to stay longer.
sam jirik
beautiful golf course!
alysa pulliamcovid-19 update




 
 





 
book now!   home | lodging | golf | recreation | special events | gallery | contact us | on facebook | instagram

 
 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025 peters resort |  all rights reserved  	


facebookinstagram
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





 


 

  
 
with over 100 years of hospitality tradition, peters resort invites you to explore the scenic wonders of lake minnewaska and indulge in the tranquility that only a friendly and family-owned resort can provide. book your next family vacation in and embark on an memorable getaway where the harmony of nature and leisure awaits. experience the legacy of peters resort – where relaxation meets recreation.

search peters resortsearch 






 
 
page load link


















