     elk grove auto mall | your destination for new & used cars near sacramento                                                        elk grove auto mall                     8550 laguna grove driveelk grove, ca 95757                                service        map        contact                      elk grove auto mall           call    directions                       pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles     new vehicles   our locations   sacramento service                    home   pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles     new vehicles   our locations   sacramento service          



     because saving every penny counts®   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     all new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     all new used certified      search       





      search new inventory     search used inventory        





























































































































previous



next






service departments
get expert care from the service locations within the elk grove auto mall. our factory-trained technicians handle everything from routine maintenance to major repairs using the latest tools and technology. visit one of the service locations within the elk grove auto mall today!
service locations













used vehicles under $20,000
find your next used vehicle without breaking the bank. explore the inventory of quality used cars, trucks and suvs under $20,000 at the elk grove auto mall and drive away with a great deal today!
search now




























      welcome to
 elk grove auto mall

nationally ranked, award-winning dealerships. because saving every penny counts®. 
the elk grove auto mall is the most convenient shopping destination for car, truck, suv and van buyers in the greater sacramento, california area.     


we're located just minutes from neighboring towns and communities. for quick and easy directions, visit our map page. from roseville, the auto mall is an easy drive down ca-99, taking just about 30 minutes. the drive from folsom is similar at approximately 30 - 40 minutes from most neighborhoods. coming from the san francisco area? so have many other customers who appreciate great savings in exchange for a little longer drive.
why shop the elk grove auto mall? with thousands of new cars, trucks, suvs and vans, we guarantee you'll find the specific make and model you're looking for. concerned about increasing gas prices? we have a great selection of hybrid, electric and fuel-efficient vehicles.
nineteen brands in one place means that you can use your time efficiently comparing models at your favorite dealerships. looking for a new honda, toyota, subaru or bmw? easy. just park and shop. researching the latest jeeps, rams, dodge or gmc vehicles? they are all right here in person, or online. want to personally view the hottest models from nissan, acura, mazda, audi or chevrolet? you got it! thousands of the latest models are within walking distance on each lot. do you need information on today's rebates and incentives from buick, chrysler, ford, volkswagen, kia or hyundai? there are also hundreds of experts located within the auto mall dealers that offer financing for perfect credit or not-so-great credit.

we invite you to visit our showrooms and lots. kick the tires, take a test drive, check out the trunk space. buying a new or used car involves getting your questions answered, and making sure you've picked the one that's perfect for your family or business. many of our customers start the process online. our auto mall website makes it easy to view photos, download the vehicle specifications and compare the ones you're interested in. start the process in our virtual online auto mall anytime, whether it's noon or night.

buying a high quality used car is an easier experience when you have hundreds of choices available within a few blocks. simply pick your top priority for your pre-owned vehicle purchase. low price? low miles? low monthly payment? ask about factory-certified used vehicle benefits and qualifications. maybe you're looking a for a safe, dependable car for a new driver in the family. check out our carfax 1 owner vehicles. perhaps it's time for that new sports car! why limit yourself? come to elk grove auto mall and walk through many high horsepower choices. we're also a great place to get a competitive price on a vehicle for your business. many of the dealerships employ fleet departments and experts who can walk you through the options.

we're located on highway 99 at elk grove boulevard and online at elkgrove-automall.com.



  




                                            copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | elk grove auto mall | 8550 laguna grove drive, elk grove, ca 95757             






















  cookie consent: by continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. accept learn more                  