


peter sandman website: home page













complete article lists
websitecolumns
articleson the web
sandmanin the news
guestbookcomments
video andaudio files

topical indexes
introduction& orientation
precautionadvocacy
outragemanagement
crisiscommunication
infectiousdiseases

 










search peter’s website:










the peter m. sandman  risk communication website 





home page  contents

  what’s new on site
  most recent columns
  about peter m. sandman
  by peter m. sandman
  in other people’s words
  topical indexes
  seminar handouts
  for more help
  comments and questions
  contact information

 (photo courtesy of the nsw minerals council, australia)
 

most recent columns

posted:july 22,  2024 
top 12 barriers to effective outrage management
by kelly parkinson and peter m. sandman 
posted:december 29, 2022
covid precaution decision-making: 15 theses


about peter m. sandman
 

working toward a legacy
muddling my way into risk communication … and beyond
trust the public with more of the truth: what i learned in 40 years of risk communication
   written speech
   audio    (they’re pretty different)
   link off-site to the video 
what i do:  a note to prospective clients
contact page
biography and profiles
   biography
   2005 profile: from sustainability faculty biographies
   2003 profile: “risky business” by gillian kendall
   1996 profile: “it’s the outrage, stupid” by dwight holing
   1992 profile: “outrage-ous”   by nancy kennedy
curriculum vitae
   general information
   publications
   representative list of consulting and workshop clients
   selected convention papers, seminars, and public presentations


by peter m. sandman
 

columns
risk communication articles on the web
guestbook comments and responses
video and audio risk communication materials
outrage prediction & management interactive software
responding to community outrage: strategies for effective risk communication



in other people’s words
 

notes from a class with peter sandman by elenor snow  (1995)
peter m. sandman in the news



topical indexes


introduction to risk communication and orientation to this website   

risk communication overviews
hazard versus outrage and the four kinds of risk communication
the seesaw and the other risk communication games




precaution advocacy (high hazard, low outrage)  

on precaution advocacy generally
handouts
on environmental activism
on radon testing and mitigation
on employee safety
on infectious diseases and pandemic preparedness
selected guestbook comments and responses




outrage management (low hazard, high outrage)  

my “classic” book and video from the 1990s
especially important to read
key aspects of outrage management
applications to specific industries, controversies, and situations
other general descriptions of the outrage concept and outrage management
handout sets
research on outrage management
an extended critique of the outrage management approach
selected guestbook comments and responses




crisis communication (high hazard, high outrage)    

the basics in one 2004 video
especially important to read
other articles by peter m. sandman
handout sets
interviews, summaries, etc.
articles by others
selected guestbook comments and responses




pandemic flu and other infectious diseases  

especially important to read 
2019 novel coronavirus (aka “wuhan coronavirus”)
ebola
the swine flu pandemic of 2009–2010 
influenza pandemics other than swine flu 
sars, “ordinary” flu, and other infectious diseases



seminar handouts

alphabetical list
topical list
handouts from 2004 crisis communication cd-rom
sample seminar agendas


for more help

other sources, other approaches, other websites







            


contact information page:   peter m. sandman     
website design and management provided by snowtao editing services.











