




  



home - bogue inlet pier


































































                            100 bogue inlet dr, emerald isle, nc 28594  /  (252) 354-2919
 /
 contact us 






















 

navigation



home
history
2024 rates
fishing reports
2024 catch board
pier cam
picture gallery
directions
contact
 








 





welcome to bogue inlet pier!a family owned business since 1971*** closed for 2024 season ..... re-opening on friday, march 14, 2025 ***i would like to thank everyone for a great season! ……. fishing was good with gobs of sea mullet, spanish mackerel, bluefish, pompano, black and puppy drum! ……. we did miss another big spot and king mackerel season but it’s ok…… there’s always next season!   ……… the closing days saw black drum, sea mullet, pompano, sheepshead, and bluefish…… 
now that the pier is closed, all 2024 season pass holders can use their pass card (or key fob) to access the pier by tapping the gray box on either side of the pier gate.  this will take the place of the issued gate keys which have been disabled.  please allow a few seconds for the gate to operate and it will open seamlessly.  thanks for your patience while we were in the setup process; hopefully it will be worth the wait!  season pass holders are allowed to bring guests with them on the pier. please be sure to help keep the pier clean and in good repair.  
i would like to thank all of our staff for another amazing season! we could never have the appreciation of our customers without their hard work and loyalty to our family values! ……… the summer parking lot system was a great success!  it has helped to bring a much more relaxed atmosphere and it just seems to be more respectful with people that really want to be here! …….. 2025 is just around the corner so all of us at bip wish you and your family a wonderful holiday season! …… we’ll be re-opening on friday, march 14th, 2025!……. see you then! …………
mike & shirley stanley 

nc state recordsea mullet
3 lb. 8 oz.
1971

ratespier fishing:
daily pass – $15
season pass – $300
beach parking:
$5/hr. (max of $30/day)
april 15th thru september 2nd 

amenitiesbait & tackle
drinks & food
beach gear
restrooms
beach parking

be sure to follow us on facebook for frequent updates, pics, and more!
click here for our facebook page






a locally owned restaurant, surf’s up grill & bar  is the perfect spot to watch the waves, listen to tunes, and relax with friends and family.
we offer delicious menu options and drink specials paired with a stunning view!
www.surfsupemeraldisle.com


















bogue inlet pier - all rights reserved. © 2024








 



















