

popcrazy





























pop links
popcrafty

pop culture book club

julie's o.c. art

secondhand celebrity

pop culture haiku







wednesday, december 21, 2005



	 
	 battlin' babes
	 
    


the museum of television and radio's blog potato site attempts to determine who would win in a fight: wonder woman or buffy.  i'm mostly linking because i agree with their assessment, but i also just love the idea that someone wrote up such a serious, analytical post on the topic.buffy never uses a gun, so wonder woman’s bracelets would do her no good. the invisible jet would only be useful for a quick escape. and the golden lasso of truth might pose the biggest challenge but could be dodged. so, that leaves us with a battle of strength. link



posted by lisa at 7:02 pm
 





thursday, november 03, 2005



	 
	 the men of martha
	 
    


i know i'm the only person in america who has watched and loved every episode of martha stewart's apperntice. but my love has nothing to do with the challenges, battles, or even martha. with me, it's been all about the men. and now that all the bitchy gay guys and mean girls are out, all of my favorite man candies are getting more screen-time. so we get to see them at leaisure more than ever before. yeah, i'd love any of the final three men to be the apprentice...in my bedroom. yeah i said it. in addition to being hot (in their own unique ways) they even have their own websites cause they're smart like that. (sigh)here's the lowdown so you can throwdown and start the hoedown. ryan danzhe's the kind of guy that you would bring home to your mother and she'd try to sleep with him. he's that nice. and that hot. he looks good in a suit and good dressed as a cheesy superhero. and wait till you see him naked! (kidding, i've only seen him naked in my imagination.)howie greenspanhowie equals handsome. women love him. babies love him. and men want to sit in his lap. jim bozzinihe's been labeled as the male omorasa. most people hate him but i love him. he's an arrogant asshole and i wish i could fight with him so we could have the best make-up sex and then fight about the sex and then repeat and repeat and repeat.



posted by fred flores at 8:24 am
 





saturday, october 29, 2005




	 bee dogs
	 



check out my new favorite website.  i like to think sites like this are the reason the internet was invented.  (be sure to read the page about the scandal.) 



posted by lisa at 8:13 pm
 





tuesday, october 25, 2005



	 
	 pop culture dreaming
	 
    


i may have mentioned this before, but i think popcrazy needs a section for pop culture dream analysis.  i love analyzing other people's pop culture dreams. (if you've had one, send it to popcrazy at gmail.com, okay?) i had a dream the other night that britney spears had a talk show and i was backstage. you know, i hope britney does have a talk show someday, because i think she would be really good at it.  she'd be sweet and friendly like ellen, but with the glamorous cachet of someone like tyra.  she could be generous to poor people like oprah, and honestly try to help them like dr. phil.  anyway, back to my dream -- someone backstage was freaking out because it was a special twin episode and the olsen twins were supposed to be there, and they were late.  the rest of the dream is a blur, but i know they showed up just in time for their segment.  i don't know why i was there, but i think there was choreography involved.  i've been having some scary-ass dreams lately, but dreaming about britney, the olsen twins, and choreography weirds me out on a completely different level.one more britney thought before i forget:i was in macy's in nyc recently, and i walked by a big perfume display that smelled exactly like debbie gibson's electric youth. was it possible they had re-released the fragrance i loved as a teen?  nope.  it was a display for britney spears' new fantasy perfume.  i love the idea that they're rebranding debbie gibson's popstar scent for a new generation. i can't figure out who the manufacturer of electric youth was, but if it's the same company, i bet they just mixed up a new batch and put britney's name on it.  if it's a different company, something smells stolen.



posted by lisa at 5:40 pm
 









	 happy hipster halloween
	 



since "do they know it's christmas?" is one of my all-time favorite holiday songs, flavorpill's mention of the halloween benefit recording "do they know it's halloween" totally caught my attention. you can listen to it for free at that link, or buy the download, with all proceeds going to unicef.  there's also a page with all the lyrics, so you can see who sings what.  i love the david cross interlude in the middle, but the whole thing rocks in the most hipsterriffic way. (participating artists include beck, smoosh, karen from the yeah, yeah, yeahs, and members of the postal service, arcade fire, les savy fav, r.e.m., rilo kiley and lots of other bands.)



posted by lisa at 5:12 pm
 





thursday, september 08, 2005




	 fotografie
	 



some of the images from photographer martin schoeller's "close up" portrait series are available online.  the unemotional head shots of celebrities are fascinating, but i was just as interested in their ages, printed below the photos.  i had no idea angelina jolie was my age -- she looks so much older! 



posted by lisa at 6:55 pm
 









	 dictionaraoke
	 



this might not be new to anyone else, because i vaguely remember hearing about it a while ago, but it's new to me:  dictionaraoke.org.  it remakes pop songs, using the pronunciation audio files from online dictionaries.  i just listened to abba's "waterloo" and it's like a weird, arty remix, but awesome.  the beastie boys' song "girls" sounds like it was remade by a boring group of middle-aged men.  and the dictionaraoke version of the buggles' "video killed the radio star" sounds like it's sung by robots, which turns the song into a completely different kind of statement on how technology is changing our lives.  i'm going to stop trying to explain it now -- just crank up your speakers (or plug in some headphones) and check it out.



posted by lisa at 6:33 pm
 














about us
about popcrazy

previous posts
battlin' babes
the men of martha
bee dogs
pop culture dreaming
happy hipster halloween
fotografie
dictionaraoke
tyra vs. martha
how much is that dog in your pocket
ooh, i love stuff like this
archives
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005












© 2000-2005 popcrazy





