

a comprehensive web encyclopedia of u.s. copper coinage








your browser does not support script






 
			










						mon february 17, 2025						





search the site!

die variety search





41,914photos of4,574die varieties
view recent additions















						looking through
 lincoln cents
second edition
by charles d. daughtrey
sold out!








10,000 image
						commemorative poster
by charles d. daughtrey
out of stock











coppercoins on youtube!!





we are now holding live auctions most sunday and tuesday nights on the coppercoins youtube channel!!
                  come watch us live, but be sure to view the auction lots before the event!








coppercoins on ebay





come take a look at our wide selection of coins on ebay!








the 'short list'






welcome to the short list of lincoln cent die vaireties.  this 12-page mini guide is intended
                        for the coin roll hunter who wants a very easy and fast way to remember which dates are the "key" dates
                        to pull coins for further examination when looking for all the known die varieties in the series
                        is not your key goal in searching through coins.  it is not meant to be a comprehensive guide,
                        yet a "quick and easy" guide to tbe best of the best.



only $5.50 including shipping













site donations




                  coppercoins.com has been in constant operation for over 20 years now, and to date nobody has been charged for the
                  upkeep of the website.  talk of charging for membership
                  to the site has been discussed, but is still a long way off.  in an effort to provide uninterrupted service
                  to our valued visitors, we are openly asking for funding to help with the continued maintenance of this
                  site.  small donations are appreciated, nothing extravegant, nothing large.  we appreciate whatever support
                  you can provide via paypal or through the mail to our regular address.  thank you.

















 


 



 
		











      copyright © 2001-2023 coppercoins.com, all rights reserved.  all 
      design elements, images, and content are copyrighted material and may not 
      be duplicated for any purpose without sole written consent of the owners 
      of coppercoins.com.  this site programmed in php using mysql database resources.  please support open source programming.
      










