





punched tin pierced copper & brass country accents






























 















  

mailing address only
						615 dunwoody rd.
						williamsport, pa 17701
						phone (570) 478-4127
						fax (570) 478-2007

purchase the pierced tin design printed catalog here.
order our full line catalog for $7

free download pierced tin design catalog here.
19 mb pdf
get acrobat reader 


free download pierced tin catalog price list here.
get acrobat reader 


free download the supply catalog
4 mb pdf
get acrobat reader


						 order our sampler
order our sampler pack
						 for $29.95

 catalog + sample swatches for $34.95 p.p.d. (usa).









punched & pierced tin

shop now online!

						or call customer service 570-478-4127 m-f est 9-5 for pricing or to place an order.

| print order form | online quote form |


						 

						


this page requires javascript 1.1
this page requires a browser that supports javascript 1.1
your browser either does not support javascript, or it has javascript support disabled. 
	if you want to correctly view this page, please upgrade your browser or enable javascript support.






country accents® is the major source of artistic hand punched tin, copper, and brass since 1979. offering designs from the popular folk art pierced tin to historically accurate re-creations of traditional punched and pierced tin panels, as in the old shaker style furniture, pie safes, jelly cupboards, and more.
custom sizing and  designs is our specialty. we often create designs from a sample of fabric, wall paper, floor or wall tile, china ware, or a favorite decorative accent. our unique process and artistic talents allow us to offer unlimited custom possibilities in a variety of metals. 
our newest designs reflect a growing interest in pierced tin as room décor, headboards, wainscoting, and artwork for framing.
also available, is our punch supply line for those wanting to  ‘do it yourself’.

									rp-1263



reproduction pine hutch
									featuring style rp-1176

to view a sampling of of designs and collections, click on one of the following links: 
early tin pie safe motifs
mercer museum collection
historical treasures
country classics collection
harvest collection
pineapple collection
harvest wheat collection
fanciful folk art collection
southwestern collection
buttermold collection
carousel/mini folk art
fancy work collection
nautical images
pure & simple collection
wild flower collection
ornamental collection
art nouveau collection
appliance front collection
pie safe kits










our unequaled range of

each one hand punched, available in  12 metal finishes to create your very own look! over 400 pictured in our full line catalog.   order it now!  

									rp-1005






									in many cases, images from one design can be combined with another, creating just the look you desire!

									shown to the right, panel rp-1286 illustrates how selections of different images can be customized into your panels.

									this panel features:
									wheat from rp-1169,
									wheat  from rp-a-1042,
									and our custom border b004. 







									rp-1286 (unframed)








by the heroic acts of so many people on september 11, 2001 and beyond, we are pleased to introduce our symbol of national unity & patriotism now developed for this medium. our newest eagle displays the pride we feel to call america our home!










we also sell a variety of 

for those desiring to create their own. we offer a selection of metal piercing supplies including our hand made metal punching tools, panel blanks, patterns and kits. you may browse our selection from the  craft your own catalog.



















country accents has been greatly honored to have our work appear in such fine publications as:

time warner’s
												    “shaker furniture”
wood magazine
country living magazine
woman’s day
												country decorating ideas
												country handcrafts
early american life
												country wood projects
woodworker’s journal


 
												
we are also mentioned in:

better homes and gardens 
												good housekeeping crafts
												abc home show
												norm abram';
												    'the new yankee workshop'
												country craft compendium
												crafts of america







we are proud that our products meet the high standards requisite for inclusion in these wonderful sources and we sincerely appreciate the affirmation of our work.


												 

												








our collection shown here is only a sample of what we offer in our full line catalog. 
download or  order it now













all designs and photographs are copyrighted and are the property of: country accents® since 1979.





















          feel free to browse through our on-line pages.
									all of our panels are hand punched, one hole at a time.
									we do not use any equipment other than a hammer and  chisels to complete any of our panels, custom or standard sizes.



















[ home ] [ specialties ] [ what we've done ] [ order form ] [ customizing ] [ do it yourself ] [ resources ]  



















last updated on  may 1st, 2019. 
						
						all designs and photographs are copyrighted and are the exclusive property of:
country accents ®
615 dunwoody rd, williamsport, pa 17701
phone: (570) 478-4127 between 8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. monday through friday
						fax: (570) 478-2007 anytime  













