





ellis cose





































 skip to main content skip to footerellis cosebio
books

race and reckoning: from founding fathers to today’s disruptors
democracy, if we can keep it
the short life and curious death of free speech in america
the end of anger
the rage of a privileged class
the envy of the world
color-blind
bone to pick: of forgiveness, reconciliation, reparation and revenge
best defense
a man’s world
killing affirmative action


projects

renewing american democracy
against the odds


articles
events
videos
contact
twitter
facebook
main content 

on sale july 12, 2022
amazon | barnes & noble | bookshop | bam!
“a book that merits a place on ethnic studies—and american history—curricula.”
— kirkus reviews
“a pointed rebuke of american exceptionalism.”
— publishers weekly
spanning the period from the nation’s beginning, through the new deal to the covid pandemic, a groundbreaking work that interrogates how pivotal decisions have established and continued discriminatory practices in the united states, even as the nation has exalted the ideal of equality, and as disinformation and modern advertising techniques have plunged democracy into an ever-deepening crisis. 
learn more


 
on sale now
amazon | barnes & noble | bookshop | bam!
nautilus book award silver medal winner
“stunningly original book, ellis cose cuts to the very core of free speech battles”
–ibram x. kendi, national book award-winning and #1 new york times bestselling author of how to be antiracist and stamped from the beginning
the critically acclaimed journalist and bestselling author of the rage of a privileged class explores one of the most essential rights in america—free speech—and reveals how it is crumbling under the combined weight of polarization, technology, money and systematized lying in this concise yet powerful and timely book.
bestselling author and critically acclaimed journalist ellis cose wades into the debate to reveal how this constitutional right has been coopted by the wealthy and politically corrupt.
learn more


 
on sale now
amazon | barnes & noble | bookshop | bam!
“cose’s book is an excellent choice for anyone seeking to understand the aclu as an organization and for those wanting to explore how the fight for civil liberties has evolved and helped to shape the society we have today.”
–library journal
published to coincide with the aclu’s centennial, a major new book by the nationally celebrated journalist and bestselling author
for a century, the american civil liberties union has fought to keep americans in touch with the founding values of the constitution. as its centennial approached, the organization invited ellis cose to become its first ever writer-in residence with complete editorial independence.
learn more


 ellis cose is the author of a dozen books on issues of national and international concern, including the best-selling the rage of a privileged class, a novel (the best defense), and democracy, if we can keep it, the definitive history of the american civil liberties union. his the short life and curious death of free speech in america will be published in september 2020.

books





















home
footersearch this website
copyright © 2025 ellis cose · site design: ilsa brink

















