






























welcome to south texas health system - edinburg | edinburg, tx





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
gme program
price transparency



search


956-388-6000956-388-6000



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: cardiology 
dialysis 
ear, nose and throat 
emergency services 
endoscopy services 
maternity 
neurosurgery 
pulmonary care 
radiology and imaging services 
rehabilitation 
sleep center 
stroke services 
surgery 
urology 
wound care 


patients & visitors patient services: patient handbook (english) 
patient handbook (spanish) 
patient information 
health records online 
health equity 
patient and family advisory council 
obtaining your medical records 
daisy award 
price guide 
quality and patient safety 
no surprises act 

billing and insurance: health insurance marketplace 
insurance plans 
online bill pay 

visitors: visitor information 
gift shop 
location and map 
phone directory 
send note to patient 


events events: event calendar 

programs: mammogram reminder 
volunteers 


resources health information: blog 
south texas health minutes 
health risk assessments 
understanding heart failure 
comprendiendo la insuficiencia cardíaca 
understanding heart attacks 
comprender los ataques cardíacos 
open heart surgery 
cirugía a corazón abierto 


about about the hospital: awards and accreditations 
contact us 
news 
ask the ceo 
hospital leadership 
media contact 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
gme program
price transparency
 



search form

search 

























    8 min.  

    view er wait time  








          er wait time
        
  
8 min.er at south texas health system edinburgview map

 

	if you are having a medical emergency, call 9-1-1. refresh your screen to get the latest wait time. for the most accurate wait time, call the hospital.






















among the best for quality care in mcallen metro 
see our awards 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	health records online	    












	    	careers	    





how can we help you?

search form

search 












  
   
health risk assessments from south texas health system
health risk assessments can help you discover important information about your health.
take an assessment


    
   
safe. trusted. ready.
we've always been here when you needed us most. we're here for you now.
watch now


    
   
the future is here: robotic surgery
dr. bob saggi explains the benefits of minimally invasive robotic surgery for patients.
read more


    
   
the midwifery experience
the women’s center provides expecting moms with a comfortable and professional experience.
read more


 


previous next 








































south texas health system edinburg partners with san antonio eye bank to launch photo exhibition honoring cornea donors

south texas health system edinburg partners with san antonio eye bank to launch photo exhibition honoring cornea donors
in commemoration of national eye donation month, we honor the life, legacy and families of donors who gave the gift of sight through cornea...
read 

south texas system edinburg expands surgery capabilities with expansion of the facility's surgical department

south texas system edinburg expands surgery capabilities with expansion of the facility's surgical department
sths edinburg has added two new operating rooms to meet the growing need for surgical services, including more complex procedure capabilities, in...
read 

south texas health system edinburg highlights advanced technology used in the hospital setting for valley elementary and high school students during robotics day and healthcare career fair

south texas health system edinburg highlights advanced technology used in the hospital setting for valley elementary and high school students during robotics day and healthcare career fair
this event allowed students to learn how technology has helped improve patient outcomes in hospitals while highlighting the healthcare roles that...
read 


 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events









hospital facts & numbers
at south texas health system edinburg

0

                    beds                


0

                    admissions                


0

                    er visits                




 
















south texas health system edinburg1102 w. trenton road , edinburg, tx 78503956-388-6000956-388-6000 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news



facebook
instagram
twitter
linkedin
youtube









	south texas health system® edinburg is operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc. (uhs) , a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither south texas health system edinburg, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





site map
privacy policy
terms of use
hipaa notice of privacy practices
physician disclaimer
nondiscrimination notice
language assistance
accessibility statement
code of conduct
compliance hotline
price transparency



© 2025 south texas health system edinburg. all rights reserved.














