







wac clearinghouse home - the wac clearinghouse

















home
books
journals
media
repository
comppile
tcbib
community
news
about















support the clearinghouse 




 
    








welcome to the wac clearinghouse
supporting scholarly exchange about communication across the disciplines


welcome to the wac clearinghouse. we are an open-access publishing collaborative that draws on the contributions of more than 200 scholars from six continents who work in editorial roles ranging from journal and book series editors and editorial staff members to peer-reviewers and editorial board members. thanks to the scholarly contributions of more than 3,000 authors, we are able to publish articles and books of interest to both the writing-across-the-curriculum community and the larger writing studies community--all available in open access digital formats. we also provide a wide range of freely available web-based resources for instructors who wish to use writing in their courses.



230
books


2,118
articles


117,111
citations in comppile


39
million downloads



explore the clearinghouse
to view our publications, use the comppile database, and access resources, please use the following links.


books: the clearinghouse offers more than 225 open-access, scholarly books, including original monographs and edited collections. view our books.



journals: the clearinghouse publishes, hosts, or provides access to the archives of more than 20 refereed, open-access journals. view our journals.



comppile: the leading database in the field of writing studies, comppile allows ready reference to writing studies scholarship from 1939 to the present. view comppile.



resources: view the wac repository for peer-reviewed and crowd-sourced resources that support the use of writing in courses across the disciplines.



community: learn about the many organizations and groups, that comprise the wac community.



news: catch up on the latest news in the wac and writing studies communities.



wac awards: the clearinghouse and the association for writing across the curriculum sponsor awards for wac scholarship, program development, and achievements.



contributors: more than 2900 individuals have contributed work in the open-access books and journals on this site.


stay up to date
to learn about new clearinghouse publications, resources, and events, join the wacnews-l email list. to subscribe or unsubscribe (or to do anything else related to managing your subscription to the list), please visit https://lists.colostate.edu/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/wacnews-l.
support the clearinghouse
the clearinghouse relies on a large, distributed network of colleagues who work together to publish our books and journals in open-access formats. if you would like to support these efforts, please view options for one-time and sustaining donations as well as institutional and organizational sponsorships.
view related projects
the clearinghouse is pleased to support the following projects.



bale: an annotated bibliography of narrative and storywork
https://bale.colostate.edu/

bale is a collaborative, living annotated bibliography designed to bring together voices and texts across storytelling scholarship in and beyond the field of rhetoric, composition, and writing studies. the editors of this open-access project encourage a wide range of users and contributors--from students to scholars to folks simply interested in these topics.
 
first-year composition archive
https://fyca.colostate.edu/

				the first-year composition archive serves as a resource for scholars and teachers who seek to learn more about trends in first-year writing, the history of the discipline, teaching resources, pedagogical developments, and much more. the editorial team hopes to receive syllabi, assignments, and course materials from your earliest years in the profession to your current courses. they encourage faculty to use the archive's resources to assist in first-year composition course design, research projects on the teaching of writing, and helping writers across the curriculum.







wac news



							
								
								february 11, 2025
							
							

beyond conventions podcast releases new episode


the podcast beyond conventions: global dialogues on writing studies has released its second episode. hosted by anna habib and esther namubiru, the podcast brings together transnational scholars to provide cross-cultural understandings about writing, writing praxis, publishing, and research while interrogating assumptions from the us and north america.
listen to the new episode and subscribe to the podcast on spotify.




							
								
								january 29, 2025
							
							

call for nominations: 2025 wac awards


the association for writing across the curriculum and the wac clearinghouse are pleased to announce the call for nominations for the 2025 writing across the curriculum awards. these awards recognize contributions to the wac community through scholarship, service, and achievement. the award recipients will be announced at the iwac 2025 conference, which will be held on the campus of colorado state university on july 16-19. nominations can be submitted at https://wacawards.colostate.edu. read the full news item for more information.




							
								
								january 28, 2025
							
							

wln releases its winter 2025 issue


wln: a journal of writing center scholarship has released volume 49, issue 2. it includes work by bruce bowles, jr., graham stowe, layli miron, nathan gilmore, and grady hudson (with the last article, by bowles and hudson, including contributions from 17 writing consultants). you can view the new issue on the wln home page.




							
								
								january 28, 2025
							
							

new podcast series highlights international perspectives on writing studies


the clearinghouse is pleased to announce that the podcast beyond conventions: global dialogues on writing studies is now available for listening. hosted by anna habib and esther namubiru, the podcast brings together transnational scholars to provide cross-cultural understandings about writing, writing praxis, publishing, and research while interrogating assumptions from the us and north america.
you can listen and subscribe to the podcast on spotify. view more information in the full news release.




							
								
								january 22, 2025
							
							

principles for open-access scholarly publishing released


principles for open-access scholarly publishing has been released by the wac clearinghouse. the statement was developed with contributions from 17 scholars in the writing studies community and is endorsed by 40 individuals, publications, and organizations. you can find the statement at https://wac.colostate.edu/about/open-access-principles/. the page provides options for endorsing or making further contributions to the document.




view the wac news page ...


 











about the clearinghouse
the wac clearinghouse is an open-access, educational website supported by more than 150 charitable contributors, institutional sponsors, and more than 200 volunteer editors, editorial staff members, reviewers, and editorial board members. copyright on the materials on this site is held by the authors and editors who have contributed content to it (© 1997-2025). this site is published using the masa cms and the lucee open-source cfml platform.
our sponsors

colorado state university department of english
the association for writing across the curriculum



contact info



mike.palmquist@colostate.edu


social media

find us on facebook


visit us on linkedin

share this site







support open-access publishing
our books, journals, and resources are made available through the dedicated volunteer efforts of the large group of scholars involved with the clearinghouse. nonetheless, we still incur costs, such as payments to copy editors and designers, software and server costs, and fees associated with obtaining isbn numbers and dois. please consider supporting our efforts through donations and sponsorships.
learn more








