












santee cooper - santee cooper country sc






































































  

 































visitors guide
stories
webcam
 























 





 ✕ 






type & hit enter
















home
lakeside fun

vacation rentals, campgrounds & marinas
lakeside dining
get on the water

water rentals & tours
licenses
navigation


fishing

attractors
creel limits
fishing reports
fishing strategies
guide services
fresh catch of the day

events

daily events calendar
signature events & festivals

stay

hotels & motels
vacation rentals, campgrounds & marinas

eat
what to do

berkeley outdoor life
revolutionary war itinerary
attractions & museums
wildlife
parks & trails
golf
u-pick farms

golf
our counties

berkeley county
calhoun county
clarendon county
orangeburg county
sumter county

scc 250
visitors guide
stories
webcam
 


 










 
 






outdoor adventure
starts here


 
 






south carolina's premier lakefront & fishing destination
welcome to santee cooper country!





lakes marion and moultrie are south carolina’s largest lake system and home to championship fishing, golfing, camping, kayaking, revolutionary war history and outdoor fun for the whole family. visitors love exploring our lakes and getting away from the hustle and bustle of city life.





we like to do things at a little slower pace here in the lowcountry. with amazing sunsets, waterfront camping, listening to the soothing sounds of nature, we welcome you to fall in love with the country.


 
 



 
 





your next lakefront vacation





if your idea of a five-star hotel is more like a night under the stars, look no further than santee cooper county, south carolina, where we have a number of campgrounds and marinas. prefer a hotel or motel? we have conveniently located properties, near i-95.




where to stay

 
 




 
 





history & fun facts about santee cooper country





with over 43 waterfront campgrounds, 2 amazing state parks, and various hotels to choose from, while you’re here, you will always have a place to stay. with over five counties to explore and 171,000 acres of accessible water to get to know, you will definitely want to pack those flip-flops and hiking shoes.




hook good times

 
 





fishing strategies & reports





since the weather in south carolina stays pretty mild all year, our lakes never freeze over (like they do up north) allowing anglers to fish all year long. spring is our prime season with bream, crappie, catfish and bass and striped bass beginning to bed around the lakes.




let’s go fishing

 
 






where to eat →



 
 





“we were a party of 8 golfers, we ate here 3 nights in a row and everyone was very satisfied. our server was lori, she was very attentive, fun, and by the 3rd night she knew what each person drank with their meal and which chairs we sat in! food was great if not excellent. try the fried moon pie for dessert or the peach cobbler.”




steve sponcia - google reviews
the lake house restaurant 5321 dingle pond road, summerton, sc 29148 






 
 






							13						
challenging golf courses that offer stay & play packages!






we are a premier golfing destination in the southeast! santee national golf club – rated four stars by golf digests’s “places to play.” lake marion golf course- tripadvisor says, “ …a perennial favorite with traveling golfers.” wyboo golf club – top 10 best public courses in sc! – by south carolinina’s state newspaper.


 
 





let’s go golfing →



 
 




 
 





south carolina's
natural beauty 





located in the sandhills of south carolina on the western edge of the 110,000-acre lake marion, the park offers amazing wildlife encounters, boating, hiking, camping, and many other outdoor activities.




view parks & trails

 
 





five counties
explore our area 





we’ve have five fabulous counties in our region that are home to scenic gardens, festivals, museums, boat ramps; and even a butterfly house. there is something for everyone in the family to enjoy.




view our counties

 
 









 
 










read the full story


 
 






dog days summer pet friendly fun
pet friendly fun in santee cooper country, south carolina





looking for the perfect summer getaway that includes your furry friend? santee cooper country offers a variety of pet-friendly activities and destinations that ensure both you and your dog can enjoy the warm, sunny days together. from scenic trails to cozy accommodations, discover the best spots to explore with your four-legged companion in this beautiful region.




read more

 
 



 
 



 
 




 
 



 
 





historic sites & events
revolutionary war  history lives in santee cooper country





step back in time in american history and visit battle sites that were crucial in claiming our independence from the british empire. in moncks corner, just a short 30-minute drive from charleston, you will find fort fair lawn, the most pristine, intact, original american revolutionary war fortification in south carolina located on the grounds of the old santee canal park.




discover the sites

 
 






south carolina's premier lakefront & fishing destination
request our free visitors guide!





request our free visitor’s guide and get inspired! the printed copy will be mailed to you full of trip planning ideas and business listings in santee cooper country.




request free guide

 
 



 
 





never miss what’s happening





sign up to receive our monthly newsletter and never miss local events, fishing reports and much more that is happening in our five-county community.




monthly news

 
 

 










santee cooper country tourism region

9302 old number six hwy, santee, sc 29142(803) 854-2131visitor center hoursmondays-saturdays 8:30am to 4:30pm
 



 

searchsearch 









				© all rights reserved. created with  by iti digital.			













































