




















home - ega greater pacific region - embroiderers' guild of america







 login










greater pacific region
embroiderers' guild of america
welcome to the greater pacific region (gpr) of the embroiderers’ guild of america (ega)


   login
 










greater pacific region




home

home
about ega and gpr
contact ega headquarters
contact us



region

board of directors
region meetings
gpr newsletters
bylaws and policies/procedures



chapters

chapter directory
chapter newsletters
gpr chapter officers - by chapter
gpr chapter officers - by office



resources

chapter officer resources
administrative forms



education & events

group correspondence courses
workshops
gpr retreats
gpr seminars
stitching projects
student code of conduct



manage

region view
chapter view
personal view











about ega

            ega is the embroiderers’ guild of america – where needle art lives™ 
        



            ega is deeply dedicated to the study, preservation, and promotion of 
            needle arts.  we are a national not-for-profit organization.  
            membership is open to anyone interested in needlework -- from the 
            beginner to the professional.   members work within local chapters, 
            regions, and/or at-large networks to improve their skills and knowledge.    
        

            the greater pacific region (gpr) is one of twelve regions that comprise ega.  
            we have a very diverse membership ranging from those who are beginning their 
            first stitching project to people who teach nationally. we all have in common 
            an appreciation of the art of stitchery and an insatiable desire to learn and 
            share with our fellow stitchers. 
            more about ega & gpr


            greater pacific region encompasses northern california, 
            northern nevada, oregon, washington, british columbia, alaska, and
             hawaii. membership is open to anyone with an interest in 
            needlework. we have a very diverse membership ranging from those 
            who are beginning their first stitching project to people who teach 
            nationally. we all have in common an appreciation of the art of stitchery 
            and an insatiable desire to learn and share with our fellow stitchers. 
            individual chapters offer educational programs and resources such as an 
            informative newsletter, embroidery libraries, embroidery workshops, 
            shorter projects and informal gatherings. your membership entitles 
            you to participate in national educational opportunities such as seminars 
            and correspondence courses, and you receive the quarterly magazine 
            needle arts.
        

            you may belong to one or more chapters, or you may be a 
            member-at-large. a complete list of greater pacific region's 
            chapters appears in the 
            gpr chapter directory. 
            most chapters welcome your membership even if you don't 
            live close enough to go to meetings. some gpr chapters, such as rose city stitchers 
            and vintage stitchers, have special programs for long distance members. each chapter                    
            belongs to a region such as greater pacific region, which serves all chapter members and 
            members-at-large in the region and coordinates inter-chapter activities. your chapter dues
            include your national membership dues, and a small portion of your chapter dues funds 
            the region organization.
        






follow us on facebook




greater pacific region embroiderers' guild of america




embroiderers' guild of america










copyright disclaimer
     
            no part of this website may be published, reproduced, stored in, or introduced
            into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means whatsoever (including
            electronic, mechanical, photocopy) other than for personal or chapter/region use without
            written permission from the copyright holder.
            written permission was given to display the photos on this website. the photos may not
            be reproduced in any way other than for personal or chapter/region use.  
        






                                     coming soon 
gpr seminar 2026 july 24-29









time remaining before 2026 seminar in ashland:










ega mission



     
            the mission of the embroiderers' guild of america is to inspire 
            passion for the needle arts through education and the celebration 
            of its heritage.  
        




contact greater pacific region



phone:
                    none                



email:
contact




address:







email us

                    please contact us for more information.
                




name



email address



phone number




message



please enter number  if you are not a robot




send


























copyright © 2025 greater pacific region. all rights reserved.



            for questions about this website contact
            











