





buckeye trail association - hike ohio












what in the blue blazes?

what in the blue blazes?
bt history
bt overview map
trail alerts /map updates
bt century barn
trail preservation



follow the blue blazes

follow the blue blazes
overview map
bt trail towns
how to hike the trail
events
social media
scouting and the bt



support the trail

become a member
renew membership
volunteer
awards
join a chapter
donate



onlinestore

online store
maps & guides



interestinglinks


















home
donate
trail alerts/map updates
report trail problem
events
immediate volunteer needs
report volunteer hours
contact us



national park service feasability study comment period 
the national park service is conducting a feasability study to determine the status of the buckeye trail to become a national scenic trail. community members and stakeholders can share their support for the buckeye trail through an opportunity to review the feasibility study process and share feedback regarding the study. we invite you to review the project and provide input. please visit  https://parkplanning.nps.gov/buckeyetrailfs  for details and to share comments. the public comment period will be open from january 6th to february 19th, 2025. click  here to enter your comment. 

bta morelfest 2025
morelfest is the muskingum lake chapter's signature event held every spring at the bta beall farmstead and century barn in deersville, oh. join us for a weekend-long celebration dedicated to the morel mushroom, featuring guided and solo foraging hikes, live music, campfires, potluck meals, and various outdoor activities. this year's theme is glow. all skill levels are welcome. please visit  the morelfest page  for details. 
ohio department of natural resources (odnr) announcement
odnr announces a new resource, buckeye trail anywhere, a free guide to the buckeye trail. the guide takes learners of all ages on a journey through scenic trail towns, rich geography, diverse ecosystems, and fascinating historical landmarks while staying physically active through customizable activities. please visit  www.ohiodnr.gov/buckeyetrailanywhere to download the guide.if you need the buckeye trail section tracker map discussed in the document, you may download it  here.  

buckeye trail fall appeal
you can never hike the same buckeye trail twice. one foot in front of the other, both the buckeye trail association and our 1,400+ mile buckeye trail are constantly evolving, adapting to changing seasons and weather. our resilience is rooted in our expansive volunteer efforts and partnerships continually stewarding and sharing the enjoyment of ohio’s great outdoors on ohio’s buckeye trail.
as you hike along the bt, you may pass by a hand-painted blue blaze on an oak tree that could have been an acorn in 1959. that tree is part of the canopy now, providing shade and direction to hikers on the bt that has weathered and thrived alongside for 65 years.
please consider supporting the bta, the driving force behind the ever-evolving bt experience. your gift today will help us adapt, progress, and achieve our mission to build, maintain, preserve the bt for all to enjoy in the year ahead. our volunteer led bta is funded primarily through small individual donations and memberships, we are grateful to you for all the ways you support the bta throughout the year.
please join us in sharing gratitude for ohio’s buckeye trail by planting the seeds of future blue blazed trees and life affirming experiences all around the trail with agift to the bta today!


buckeye trailfest 2025
for a look ahead for trailfest 2025 and to lean about sponsorship opportunities visit our  trailfest 2025 website.

birding on the bt
several years ago the bta provided a pamphlet to assist avid birders with finding good locations along the bt to view a variety of birds. ohio is part of a large migratory route with many species pausing here on their trek. the pamphlet is updated and once again available as a download. winter birds are here and spring is coming so this is a great time to plan your hikes. 
 downlaod the updated bta ebirding pamphlet. 



buckeye trail 50 + 5 challenge
the 50+5 challenge was created in celebration of the ohio legislature’s year of the trails and the 50th anniversary of the national trails system act in 2018. in 2024, the 65th anniversary of the buckeye trail and buckeye trail association, we again invite ohioans to challenge themselves to hike 50 miles on ohio's 1,400+ mile bt and give back 5 volunteer hours to the trail we love. .
 50+5 hiker-volunteers that complete the challenge and register their volunteer hours will receive a congratulatory packet including a certificate of completion, a 50 mile hiking patch, and a buckeye trail association 5 hour volunteer patch to commemorate their accomplishment.
all the details are on our 50+5 challenge page.


hike join volunteer give initiative
there is a lot of great news coming for the bt just around the bend, but we need your support today to help us continue our important work, for you, and for all buckeyes. if you can, please take that next step and donate today to support the buckeye trail association. above all, thank you for hiking! 
visit the events page for hiking information.
visit the membership page for membership benefits information.
click on this join link  to join the bta by credit card online.
visit the get involved page for information on volunteer opportunities.
visit our donate page for additional information.
download the latest  donation appeal letter .
click on this donate link  to make a donation by credit card online.


bt 101 video 
the bt 101 video is now available as a youtube video. you may see the video at this link:  https://youtu.be/1z_6bsx2hdw 


strategic plan 
bta's strategic plan has been in the development stages since 2017 and the now completed plan called bta 2025 will provide guidance to take the bta forward for the next 5 years. the executive summary of this plan is now available  bta 2025 for download. note: it is a large file. 
trailblazer archive - did you know?
some of our past trailblazer issues are available online, including the very first issue published in 1968! we've come along ways in 60 years! check them out on our  trailblazer page




volunteer opportunites . . .
are you looking for ways to help? our goal is to find you a volunteer position worthy of your unique talents, and one that excites and inspires you. for more information on available opportunities, contact our volunteer coordinator at 

 or register in the volunteer portal and you will be notified of opportunities. remember that signing up in the software does not sign you up for any job, it just allows you to see opportunities. register as a volunteer now!

already a volunteer? - report your volunteer hours online!

celebrating volunteer accomplishments . . .
we thank you all of our remarkable volunteers.  some of this work is perhaps not as glamorous as making a trail from a path in the woods, but it is rewarding and vital to the success of the buckeye trail.  thanks.




site map
if you encounter any problems while visiting this site, please contact our webmaster at 

.
copyright © 2025 by the buckeye trail association
  

 
 


