






kurthahn.org | devoted to the education philosophy of kurt hahn







































about
contact us
writings
home
 


select page


  
 
 












kurthahn.org
there is more in you than you think . . . .
 





;









united world colleges
 








duke of edinburgh award
 








round square
 








outward bound international
 













we reflect.

“i regard it as the foremost task of education to insure the survival of these qualities: an enterprising curiosity, an undefeatable spirit, tenacity in pursuit, readiness for sensible self denial, and above all, compassion.” – kurt hahn
kurt hahn was a key figure in the development of experiential education. kurthahn.org is dedicated to his philosophy and the role of his ideas in the future of experiential education. on this web site you will find biographical information, links to schools inspired by his philosophy, and a selection of his writings. our goal is to provide materials about the history of hahn-inspired schools and reflections on the relevance of his ideas in meeting the challenges of our day.
.









we connect.

kurt hahn was the founder of the the atlantic college, the first united world college, the duke of edinburgh’s award, gordonstoun, outward bound, and salem. in addition, many other institutions, such as the atlantic challenge, the kurt hahn trust, and round square, were initiated by others who were inspired by his ideas. we seek to help facilitate connections – the exchange of ideas and resources – between these institutions.
.









we remember.

we wish to remember kurt hahn’s contribution to education in a way that fosters the continued exchange of ideas and innovation in the field of education and in our global society as a whole. kurt hahn was born june 5th, 1886 and died december 14th, 1974. “there is more in you than you think” is an inscription found on the wall of a family home in belgium before world war ii. it became the motto for the school kurt hahn founded in britain, gordonstoun, and the leitmotiv of his philosophy: that each of us has more courage, more strength and more compassion than we would ever have fathomed. kurt hahn’s calling in life was to help people around the world realize this truth about themselves. we hope you find similar inspiration here.
.











if you need certain research materials or have specific questions, feel free to contact: liz@kurthahn.org



many thanks to the kurt hahn archives – for their support, materials and photographs – and luke o’neill, outward bound international, round square and mark zelinski for contributing photographs.






 







about
contact us
writings
home
 



designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 















