



breastnotes.com breast information










          








breastnotes.com                                                                         
			





breastnotes.com was 
      created to help you to understand the breast: its development and growth 
      patterns, its function and purpose, its role in various societies, its 
      care, and its problems.



please help us to 
					find some real answers about breast cancer. if you have been 
					diagnosed with breast cancer any time during your lifetime, 
					please click on breast 
					cancer survey -- no. 1 to provide valuable information. it 
					will only take a couple of minutes of your time to complete. 
					your privacy is guaranteed.


o 
        better understand the breast, we offer instructional information in our 
        

		 anatomy

section. drawings, 
        diagrams and images serve as references, and will illustrate the details 
        that we cover elsewhere in this site. 
		 


ore 
          than 195,000 women and 1,500 men will discover that they have 
breast cancer 
		this year. if you do not have breast cancer, we want to show you 
		everything that we are aware of to prevent your getting it, how to 
		detect whether you might have it, and how to offer help if others should 
		get it. if you should happen to get breast cancer, or have it now, we 
		want to show you what might be done about it.

ny 
        cancer that grows in our body will kill us. . .unless we can find it and 
        get it out of our body as soon as possible!! the three most important 
        things that we can do to find a growth in the breast that may become malignant 
        are: regularly scheduled mammograms, annual clinical breast exams with 
        your health practitioner, and monthly
breast 
		self-examination.. we want to show you how to do breast self exams 
        properly.

hen 
          young people grow up and become mature people, their breasts go through 
          many changes. we want to help them understand just what to expect, and 
          what to do if the expected results do not occur. more mature people 
          may have some concerns about this too.  


visit the breast 
		awareness section

or 
        many, god placed breasts on our bodies for the sole purpose of feeding 
        our offspring. with an increased knowledge of breast anatomy, and an explanation 
        about how breasts produce milk, we hope to encourage more mothers to make 
        the choice to breastfeed their new arrivals.
  



visit the breastfeeding 
		section


e 
				all enjoy finding new information, learning about medical 
				breakthroughs, and discovering other current topics of interest. 
				also, everyone enjoys getting mail (as long as it is not 
				advertisements or bills… or politicians asking for the bills in 
				our wallet), and we are no exception. please feel free to write to us 
				(drop an e-mail to: 
				breastcare@comcast.net)  to ask any questions that you feel we can help you 
				with. 


visit the topics 
				of interest section.

 
			lot of research has been done since the mid 1990's about whether 
			there is a possible link between the wearing of a brassier and it 
			causing a higher risk of breast cancer in the one wearing it. we 
			have added a section that will directly deal with this concept where 
			we will publish literature from some of those researchers. you will 
			find it under 
bra/breast cancer. 
			we hope that you will take the opportunity to read what these 
			innovative people have to say to us.

hen 
          you make the decision to improve your breast health by eliminating the 
		bra from your wardrobe, a new problem faces you now. "how do i dress, so 
		i do not look like i took off my bra?" or: "where can i buy a dress that 
		is larger in the bust, but not too large for my waist?" we are gathering 
		information that may help you in a new section that we are referring to 
		as our 
		fashion notes


image credit: 
			statuary in front of la casa grande, hearst-san simeon state 
			historical monument
please be 
			sure to read the disclaimer at the bottom of this page.





 




click on 
					this link to amazon.com to do any of your amazon 
					shopping, 
					and breastnotes.com will be compensated for recommending 
					them to you. *






 




recent 
				modifications and additions:




article title:

description:


new or modified


date:





				double-blinded medicine: when doctor and patient are both in 
				the dark


				quality research requires a "double-blind" study that compares 
				"untreated" individuals against "treated" individuals, to test 
				the effectiveness of a treatment, but sometimes those who are 
				doing the study can be so blinded that they may actually miss 
				the obvious. such is the case when studies for foot conditions 
				do not even consider the changes done to the feet by shoes. 
				really? someone would do that? 

new

mar. 2019





should bra usage become a standard question in breast cancer 
				research? 
 

with more and more studies being done that 
				show a connection between the wearing of a bra and a diagnosis 
				of  breast cancer, the question is raised about why the 
				history of a woman's use of a bra is not considered in all 
				breast cancer research. 

new

mar. 2019




is it wrong if i 
				don't wear a bra to school?

				dress codes often require girls in school to wear a bra. if you 
				rightfully believe wearing a bra is bad for your breast health, 
				it can be a bad situation that many must face.

new

dec. 2018





bras & breast cancer:
				myth or fact?  

 

many websites casually refer to the wearing of a 
				bra being associated with higher incident rates of breast cancer 
				as a myth. they are misinformed.

new

oct.. 2018



bra - free   
				overview

turn to this new section to have a direct 
				reference to the articles in this website that pertain to living 
				bra-free

new

sept.. 2018




small breasts 
				gallery
 

too many women feel their breasts are too 
				small and wish they had larger ones. this gallery contains many 
				beautiful women with beautifully small breasts. 

new

august. 2018





how bras cause 
				lymph stasis and breast cancer


recent studies have shown that if lymphatic 
				fluid is prevented from flowing, cancer can be a result. that 
				ties in directly with multiple studies that have proven wearing 
				a bra can prevent the fluid from flowing in the breasts, and 
				that leads to a higher risk of breast cancer. this article 
				discusses these recent studies.

new

april. 2018



my #metoo moment with my bra
 

				this story by soma grismaijer, the researcher who was the 
				catalyst of the bra & breast cancer study, talks about how the 
				bra is literally a sexual assault, by proxy, on women.

new

dec. 2017




a personal letter

				a letter to women i care about, giving information that help 
				them to know the facts about wearing a bra and raising their 
				risk of breast cancer, so they can decide for themselves.

new

dec. 2017



are you dressing 
				organically?

				you go to the efforts to eat organically, and live organically, 
				to prevent breast cancer, are you dressing organically?

new

nov. 2017



more & more experts 
				agree:  wearing a bra causes breast problems

				a client wrote to tell us that hert doctor recommended that she 
				not wear her bra, until her breast mass cleared up. take a look 
				at a large number of experts that agree. 

new

nov. 2017




manual expression of your breasts

				this article has been amended to include new howto videos of 
				doing manual expression of your breasts. thanks to two wonderful 
				ladies on the images and videos for this article.

modified

april 2017



special report:

dr, eileen nauman contributed a 
				group of volunteered reports from some of her clients that share 
				their reasons for removing their bras from their wardrobes.
				

new

mar 2017




"aloha... means 
				love"

"...it was only the most 
				natural thing in the world for me to see how babies were fed 
				because there was no privacy needed--there was no shyness or 
				shame in a woman's breasts..."

new

mar 2017




bras actually 
				cause breast saggiing

bras are said to prevent 
				breasts from sagging. how can they cause the breasts to sag 
				then?

new

feb 2017




why i don't 
				wear a bra ~ videos ~

youtube vignettes from young 
				women of today talking about why they no longer wear a bra.

new

feb 2017



bra-free humor

just a place to put a little 
				bit of humor to look at a life-saving ...or life-threatening... 
				issue: wearing a bra

new

feb 2017




doesn't 
				everyone wear a bra

"i don't want to be the only 
				woman not wearing a bra. people will stare and ask questions."

new

feb 2017














disclaimer:





breastnotes.com is designed for educational purposes only, and is 
			not intended to render medical advice or professional services. the 
			information provided through breastnotes.com should not be used for 
			diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease. breastnotes.com 
			is not a substitute for professional care. if you have or suspect 
			you may have a health problem, you are encouraged to consult with 
			your health care provider.the information on this site has been 
			included in good faith but is for general informational purposes 
			only. it should not be relied on for any specific purpose and no 
			representation or warranty is given as regards its accuracy or 
			completeness. breastnotes.com shall not be liable for any loss, 
			damage, or expense arising out of any access to or use of this site 
			or any site linked to it including, without limitation, loss of 
			profit, indirect, incidental or consequential loss. breastnotes.com 
			holds its authors responsible for the accuracy and legality of their 
			content. we reserve the right to make any changes and corrections to 
			this site as and when we consider it appropriate and without
			
notice.
			 
* 

			“mr. ken l. smith is a participant in the amazon services llc 
			associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to 
			provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising 
			and linking to breastnotes.com.”





 


