

golden girls central - your source for everything golden girls!


















home | 
      cast/crew | 
      show 
      information | quotes | 
      trivia | 
      interesting facts | 
      episode guide | 
      links
tv schedule | 
      upcoming episodes | 
      downloads |
      
      fan-fiction |
      picture gallery |
      golden palace | 
      message board








      .....................................welcome


      .............news






welcome to golden girls central, devoted to 
      the popular 80's nbc sitcom, starring beatrice arthur, betty white, rue 
      mcclanahan, and estelle getty! 


quick links to buy the golden girls on dvd:
season 1 /
season 2 /
season 3 /
season 4 /
season 5 /
season 6 /
season 7 /
25th anniversary complete collection


support the lego golden girls kitchen project


rue mcclanahan passes away at 76 (06/03/10)
'golden girl' rue mcclanahan dies (06/03/10)
share your memories of rue mcclanahan


remembering bea arthur; hallmark channel, we tv, tv land, me-tv all to air tributes for bea (04/26/09)
'golden girls' star bea arthur dead at 86 (04/26/09)
share your memories of bea arthur


remembering golden girls' estelle getty (07/22/08)
share your memories of estelle getty


the golden girls - the complete seventh season on dvd (released on 02/13/07)

seven years of laughter, tears, friendship and fun culminate in 
the golden girls: the complete seventh season, available on a 3-disc dvd from buena vista 
worldwide home entertainment. among the many highlights of the final heartwarming and hilarious 
season, dorothy gets two marriage proposals, rose sends a “naughty” gift to miles as she contemplates 
marrying him, blanche goes through a mid-life crisis when she can’t seduce her date, and sophia has a 
hysterical run-in with the pope. and that’s just for starters. 

the golden girls: the complete seventh season features guest stars galore, including leslie 
nielsen (“naked gun” franchise, “scary movie” 3 and 4) as “uncle lucas,” who ends up falling for 
dorothy; don stark (tv’s “that 70’s show”), peter graves (tv’s “mission impossible”); edie mcclurg 
(tv’s “7th heaven”); kristy mcnichol (tv’s “empty nest”); and merv griffin and alex trebek, who appear 
as themselves when dorothy comically tries out for the jeopardy® game show. 

one of the most beloved tv shows of all time – and winner of eleven emmy® awards and four golden 
globe awards – “the golden girls” follows four friends - dorothy (beatrice arthur), rose (betty white), 
blanche (rue mcclanahan) and sophia (estelle getty) - who move in together in miami. their 
uproarious relationships with each other and with the comical men in their lives have made them hugely 
popular with fans of all ages. 

the golden girls: the complete seventh season includes all 26 episodes of the final season, as well 
as exclusive interviews with bea arthur, betty white, and rue mcclanahan as they reminisce about 
seven golden years with the show. available just in time for valentine’s day in a 3-disc dvd box set for 
u.s. $39.99 (srp), canada $59.99 (srp) on february 13. 

“the golden girls” earned an incredible eleven emmy® awards and four golden globe awards. the 
emmy® awards included three straight outstanding comedy series wins (1986-1988) outstanding 
lead actress comedy wins (betty white 1986, rue mcclanahan 1987, beatrice arthur 1988), 
outstanding supporting actress comedy (estelle getty, 1988), and best writing comedy (1986). the 
show won the golden globe award for best tv series - comedy three straight times (1986-1988) and 
estelle getty also won the golden globe award for best actress – comedy in 1986. 
order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.


the golden girls - the complete sixth season on dvd (released on 11/14/06)

join florida's favorite housemates for season six of the multiple emmy(r) and golden globe(r) award-winning comedy, the golden girls. beatrice arthur, rue mcclanahan, betty white, and estelle getty are back for some of their funniest adventures yet. enjoy each unforgettable moment in this laugh-packed dvd box set. rose takes to the skies to spice up her relationship, dorothy's dating woes continue even after sophia hires a matchmaker, blanche has a surprise secret admirer and sophia becomes florida's funniest fugitive from justice. great guest stars like jeffrey tambor and debbie reynolds pay a visit, and a hilarious conversation with the cast makes season six a must-own for any golden girls fan.

source: buena vista home entertainment
region 1
3 - disc box set
full frame - 1.33
audio: dolby digital surround - english
order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.


the golden girls - the complete fifth season on dvd (released on 05/09/06)

just in time for mother's day, the complete fifth season dvd of the hysterical eleven-time emmy award-winning comedy, the golden girls, is available to own on may 9th from buena vista home entertainment. dorothy (beatrice arthur), sophia (estelle getty), rose (betty white) and blanche (rue mcclanahan) are four young-at- heart housemates living together in miami. season 5 features some of the most memorable episodes yet, as dorothy's gambling addiction resurfaces, blanche tries the extreme to lure men (even for her), rose campaigns to save the dolphins, and sophia secretly hordes social security money. plus see classic guest stars like dick van dyke, along with exclusive insights into the show when bea, betty and rue share their favorite episodes. the golden girls season 5 is collectibly priced at $39.99 (s.r.p.).

dvd bonus feature:
 
the girls share their favorite episodes in exclusive insights into the show in audio 
commentaries.
order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.


the golden girls - the complete fourth season on dvd (released on 02/14/06)

own all 26 episodes from the hysterical fourth season of the multiple emmy and golden
globe-winning comedy the golden girls, on dvd february 14 from buena vista home
entertainment. dorothy (beatrice arthur), sophia (estelle getty), rose (betty white) and
blanche (rue mcclanahan) are four mismatched housemates living together in miami. season
4 features some of the funniest antics of the fabulous foursome, including adventures with
charming cubans, dirty dancing lessons, and a marriage! with incredible guest stars including
famed director quentin tarantino (in his tv debut), bestselling recording artist julio 
iglesias and legendary entertainer bob hope, 
the golden girls - the complete fourth season is a must-have for any dvd collection. plus, 
meet these guest stars and more in the ”top ten guest stars from season 4” exclusive bonus
feature. available just in time for valentine's day, this comedy treasure is priced
at $39.99 (s.r.p.).
order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.


the golden girls - the complete third season on dvd (released on 11/22/05)

reunite with this classic, young-at-heart female foursome! buena vista home entertainment presents the golden girls season three, a new collectible dvd box set, available on november 22. your favorite smart and sassy emmy-award winning women return for another helping of laughter, misadventures and cheesecake in the third season of one of tv's most highly acclaimed sitcoms. dorothy (beatrice arthur), sophia (estelle getty), rose (betty white) and blanche (rue mcclanahan) are four mismatched housemates living together in miami.

a perennial award winner, this laugh-filled season garnered three emmys (beatrice arthur outstanding actress in a comedy series, estelle getty outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series, outstanding technical direction, 1988) and a golden globe award (best tv series comedy/musical 1988). the golden girls season 3 features all 25 episodes from this unforgettable season. included is the original and unedited "golden moments" episode where the girls reminisce about their times together, plus hilarious bonus features that will have you laughing for hours. available for $39.99 (s.r.p.).

dvd bonus materials:
golden moments - a montage of humorous moments from season three 
the golden girls scrapbook - a collection of hilarious clips from each "golden girl"
order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.


the golden girls - the complete second season on dvd (released on 05/17/05)

before cosmopolitans in new york, there was cheesecake in miami! buena vista home entertainment presents the golden girls season two, a new 3-disc dvd set, available on may 17. relive this smart, sassy, emmy award winning classic comedy,starring beatrice arthur, betty white, rue mcclanahan and estelle getty. these four mismatched,outrageous women will keep you laughing with their endearing friendships and delightful chemistry. the golden girls season two, the complete second season, including all 26 episodes, is available for $49.99 (s.r.p.).

join dorothy, the smart one, sophie, the glib one, rose the naïve one and blanche, the... well, you know... in a star-filled season with special guests including burt reynolds in a surprise cameo and a young george clooney as a miami cop who saves the day! plus, you can find out if you are as wise as sophia or as clueless as rose in the "go for the gold trivia challenge," an outrageous game that will quiz you on all the funny and racy moments from the girls' second season.
order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.


the golden girls - the complete first season on dvd (released on 11/23/04)

an emmy award-winner for outstanding comedy series in its very first year, the golden girls has become a landmark in television history and an all-time fan favorite. beatrice arthur, rue mcclanahan, betty white and estelle getty star as four south florida seniors sharing a house, their dreams and a whole lot of cheesecake. bright, promiscuous, clueless and hilarious, these lovely, mismatched ladies form the perfect circle of friends.

experience all 25 laugh-packed episodes of season one in this spectacular 3-disc set, including the series pilot and an exclusive bonus feature that offers a whole new look at the show. it's all the provocative fun and entertainment you remember ...and so much more.

bonus features: 
 fashion commentary - joan and melissa rivers provide their own unique brand of fashion critique in a hilarious featurette that pays tribute to the crazy, kitschy wardrobes of the golden girls.
order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.


























the golden girls on 
      dvd



the golden girls - the complete seventh season
was released on february 13th, 2007.  order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.




the golden girls - the complete sixth season
was released on november 14th, 2006.  order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.




the golden girls - the complete fifth season
was released on may 9th, 2006.  order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.




the golden girls - the complete fourth season
was released on february 14th, 2006.  order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.




the golden girls - the complete third season
was released on november 22nd, 2005.  order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.




the golden girls - the complete second season
was released on may 17th, 2005.  order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.




the golden girls - the complete first season
      was released on november 23rd, 2004.  order it now from amazon.com at 30% off the list price.
read our review.


golden girls gallery

visit our new 



golden girls photo gallery 
      for lots of photos of the cast! 




the golden girls forum


visit 



the golden girls message board 
      to discuss the show with other fans!




























































































































































copyright 2002-2018,
      

sitcoms online. 
      
      questions about the golden girls or this site? 


e-mail us at 
      





 







