














plush puppy australia - online dog grooming products








































 free shipping on all retail orders over $125









shopshampoosconditionersstyling & finishingpacks and kitsbathing alternatesremediesaccessoriesbrushwareprofessional grooming combsgift vouchersaboutabout plush puppycustomer testimonialsstockistsaustralian stockistsinternational distributorsgrooming advicegrooming articles by breedask for adviceaustralian consultantseducation articlescoat quizfaqscontactrewards











 login/register
 cart




















            all australian grooming products
        

            natural shampoos and innovative grooming products from the product specialists.
        


                    shop now!
                







            all australian grooming products
        

            natural shampoos and innovative grooming products from the product specialists.
        


                    shop now!
                















shampoos
plush puppy has redefined the meaning of performance with a specialised shampoo range containing high levels of naturally derived ingredients that are as nourishing for the skin as they are for the coat.
shop now









conditioners
whether restoring hydration and vitality in the coat or gently softening for more silky, lustrous and manageable coat results, you can be confident with plush puppy that you have chosen the right conditioning tools to bring out that winning edge.
shop now









styling and finishing
offering an unparalleled range of styling products that deliver the results they promise, the plush puppy range is created with the finished groomed result and long-term optimal coat health in mind. there really are no if’s or but’s, there is no other range that compares with plush puppy.
shop now









brushware
expertly designed by professional groomer’s and crafted using quality materials, the ergonomic brush ranges by plush puppy promise a gentle, more comfortable brushing experience for you and your dog while ensuring optimal brushed results on all coat types.
shop now














coats, fur & feathers!

                                                                            shop now
                                                                    









new ultimate wooden pin brush

                                                                            show now
                                                                    









become a wholesaler

                                                                            apply now
                                                                    







breed articles






latest  tips & tricks to successfully grooming your
eurasier
irish wolfhound 




latest  tips & tricks to successfully grooming your
schnauzer
curly coated retriever 






customer testimonials







i’ve recently opened my own grooming salon, and as i began comparing products on the market, plush puppy stood out head and shoulders above the rest. the science and care behind the products  are not just marketing points—they are 100% accurate and backed by real, tangible results. the way your products work with a dog’s coat, enhancing its health, shine, and overall condition, is unmatched. seeing this first hand in my grooming work has been nothing short of eye-opening.
from this point forward, i will only be using plush puppy products in my salon. the results speak for themselves, and i’m thrilled to be offering my clients nothing but the best. i’ll also be recommending plush puppy to my fellow dog groomers—if they haven’t made the move yet, they really are missing out.
thank you for continuing to set the “gold standard” in dog grooming products. i’m excited to incorporate plush puppy into my business and to share its incredible benefits with the wider grooming community.








rachael anderson




i’m one of your wholesale customers and just wanted to say a huge awesome thankyou. i bought the natural conditioning shampoo as i was looking for something for long flowing coats. i do 4 breeders borzois, and heaps of other long coated dogs as i love doing them, so i was looking for more products to help as i dry these guys to reduce knots. the omg spray was a game changer but this shampoo made such a difference to these borzois who have gorgeous healthy coats. the boys are both studs and her pet dogs as well.
many thanks 
what the floof dog grooming.








victoria swalling




omg!!! the ultimate wooden pin brush is everything it promises and some! this brush is my new best friend ❤️ i love it!!!
it glides through wet coat, removes tangles without breaking the coat, adds lustre to the coat as it massages the skin and releases the natural oils and after bathing and drying 2 x 5month old maltese, no hair left in the brush!
i will be ordering another!
thank you plush puppy ❤️








bronwyn standley




i always use herbal whitening shampoo on my show bichons 😍








louise louisianna




i love herbal whitening shampoo! makes my bichon sparkle but is also lovely on my cavalier king charles spaniel and black phantom toy poodle. really brings out his colours. just goes to show its not just for white dogs! 💜 i’ve been using for over 18 years now! love them along with silk protein conditioner and wonder blok. i do love the omg spray too!








alison lewis




grooming is made so easy when started from the very 1st day your puppy arrives home with you. short fun gentle grooming and in no time your puppy will be loving grooming. 
the plush puppy petite bottles are so handy 








allison begnell




i’ve tried other products but i always came back to plush puppy. just love how my havanese coats feel afterwards.








lorree cox




love herbal whitening shampoo on my tri-colours – keeps them jet black 🖤🖤🖤












i’ve been using seabreeeze oil in my salon jbs dog & cat grooming services + doggy daycare for irritated tail pockets on my french bulldog. it’s gone from red and inflamed back to normal, she also suffer reoccurring ear infections and i’ve been using the oil on her dry ears and it’s helped a lot also.








jess baird




herbal whitening shampoo is the best shampoo i have ever used on my show dogs and show chooks! 🐩🐔








tony sherriff




seabreeze oil works amazingly well to correct a extremely damaged drop coat after coat rescue.








benjamin black




i ordered some things monday night and as i live regional, postage usually takes at least a week for anything, however my plush puppy order arrived today (wednesday), super-fast postage and as always love the whitening shampoo for my border collie, and have ordered some new things to try! great quality products won’t use anything else!








shani o’donnell




have used the pp products for many years with great success … along with many champions, there are 4 supreme champions – an australian kelpie and 3 papillons where i feel these products have contributed greatly!








julie dickinson franks




i love plush puppy volumiser on my gsds when they are in between coats. best product ever.








d howard




i used the ultimate extra long pin brush on my long coat german shepherd and it is the best! finally i have found the right brush and i wanted to let all long haired shepherd owners how good this brush is, and that my boy actually enjoys the brushing process now!  it just glides through his coat effortlessly. we also use the blue porcupine brush for finishing.








vanessa – zabenzah german shepherds




i loooove the shine and hydration seabreeze oil gives my fawn frenchie. absolutely beautiful finish and the scent is delightful 🙂








mel a




i have been using your products for years with my mini schnauzers.  have the pixie dust to put on their legs and partially on their faces. it works well and i have recommended it to my dog groomer!








michelle g




we love these products a product for every type of dog and every type of coat … i use the deodorising spray on my dogs and i’m always getting asked what the amazing smell on them is.
even been known to use the coat conditioner on my hair, it smells great and helps with knots.








shar anderson




staff were so helpful!








jessie hu




use a lot of their products, love the results








bev tophill




thank you plush puppy for your super-fast delivery of our package








monique hugli




great product, have been using it on my mint and standard long dachshund for years.








karen glanford




great products and service.








donna freeman




the plush puppy herbal whitening shampoo is brilliant on my bernese mountain dogs. their whites are blinding & their black is shining & glossy. cannot recommend it highly enough! omg spray is probably the best product on the market for daily use in keeping my boys immaculate for the public.








barbara and michael whitwell




their pin brush is magnificent. it gets into my bichons coats and doesn’t pull out any hairs. it is a pleasure to use. service i have found is terrific too.








maria scully




i got the plush puppy shine and comb spray as i love how it smells and makes their coats shine. even the dogs love it. they line up after their bath for their “perfume”.








clancy buchanan




love the shampoos, sprays and the pin brush is great to use.








noeleen kemp




great products for different breeds.








aramis joy lim




we have several dogs and find the plush puppy range works the best, especially if your dog has a long or dry coat or is prone to tangling. online ordering was easy and great communication. a five-paw rating from us.








tiffany hatton




awesome products. amazing team. always there to help you.








penny kelly




brilliant products that work.








jackie buttle


















🎡the countdown is on to the royal canberra show
 





have you ever wanted to take a trip with your furr






✨the ultimate sparkling finishing powder for you






the stain removing soap that’s gentle - but work






🐾the easy to use plush puppy 500ml mixer bottle


 





plush puppy pro-grooming apron is the perfect mult






need an easier way to apply powders? try the all n






did you know we have many show champion friends th



 












subscribe

 
























about us


education articles


stockists


contact


terms & conditions




handy links


returns & exchanges


rewards


want to become a wholesaler?


show sponsorship application


shipping australia


zippay


breeders club application




plush puppy hq
8 natasha street,
capalaba qld, 4157
ph: 07 3010 8800
fax: 07 3010 8899









          © 2021 plush puppy australia
        















			close			








			close			








			close			
























