





realtimestockquote.com - customized, easy to use realtime stock quotes and stock charts for stock traders


































 stock market 

stock market overview

stock market gainers & losers

today market headlines

daily market recap

weekly market recap


 free stock charts 

introduction to our products and services

stock charts & watchlist

customized and annotated stock charts

stock chart grid

free mobile stock charts



trading 

online trading

trade now

mobile trade


 resources 

symbol lookup

technical analysis

financial freedom

etf & stock screener

us economic indicators

us economic calendar


 company

about us

contact us




register
login 







 please note that you may not see chart or stock prices when the url starts with "https://..." you should use "http://www.realtimestockquote.com/" and do not use chrome in incognito mode or firefox in private mode. please use a regular mode so that browser doesn't automatically switch you to https connection 










the most customized, user friendly and free  stock charts with realtime quotes!






                        viewing realtime stock quotes and stock charts everywhere 
                        using smart phones, tablets and desktop browsers.
                    





extensive fundamental market research tools for successful investors.






previous



next




free stock charts
want a fully customized free stock charts with many technical indicators? want 20 year of historical and intraday stock chart? how about ability to draw or make note on chart? we have it here. 
 learn more »


realtime stock charts
understand the need of real-time stock quotes for day trader, we bring in real-time quotes to our fully customized stock charts product. 
 learn more »


online trading
why spend more when you can do online trading for only $3.49/order ? yes, we will let you trade online from within your realtime stock chart account with us. 
learn more »


mobile stock charts
need access to your stock chart and trading account on the move, our mobile stock charts product will satisfy your need.                                                                   
learn more »





why another stock chart site?

                    our real-time stock charts and stock quotes system is free (*). we rely on ads revenue to support our operation. it's often not enough! we really appreciate your help to visit our advertisers and spread the news about our services when you find our site useful for your investment research!
                

                    our flagship stock chart product aims to simplicity but powerful with several technical indicators  dedicated for long term investors or short-term stock traders to benefit from. using our stock chart, you can easily view  historical data back to 20 years or 1-minute interval real-time intraday or even custom time frame  of your choice.
                    with the special stock chart annotation  feature, you can draw trend lines, support and resistance, free drawing, make notes, etc., all with color of your choice, directly on the chart  and save them to your computer for later reference. also, don’t forget to check out our  save chart settings  feature which allows you to save several chart settings so that you can easily view chart of a specific stock with varieties of settings, with just one single click! 


 



watchlist will help you to keep track of all your favorite stocks in one place. what if you want to see several charts side by side? our stock chart grid  will help you  view as many charts on 1 screen  as you like, each chart has its own configuration of time frame, time interval, indicators, etc. which will help you to see how stock market of several sectors or a single stock is doing with just 1 click. 
we also try to provide you  one stop shop for your equity investment research  by connecting you to  independent market research with stock market overview, daily market news update, fundamental stock analysis, stock screener, etc. , just enough to give you a feel of how the stock market is doing, how a company is doing financially in term of revenue, earning, debt, comparison to its competitors, how to find a stock that fits with your risk vs reward profile, etc.
it is best to use our stock chart product with a laptop or desktop device where you have a lot of screen space. what if you want to access to our site with your smart phone or tablet? realtimestockquote.com does offer a realtime mobile stock charts and stock quotes site as well to keep you well informed of stock market movement when you are on the move. 
we also connect you with an online trading platform so that you can trade within our product while viewing your favorite stock chart movement. this will help you to take action to maximize your profit from your extensive research available on our website 



note: (*) we don't charge our customers for any services provided by us. however, the brokerage company who provides free equity trading and real-time data may charge a subscription fee when you open an account with them.


 disclaimer: realtimestockquote.com does not warrant or guarantee the information contained herein or assume any liability or responsibility for any reliance placed on the information or for the risks of the stock market. this information is intended for personal use only and is not intended for trading purposes. realtimestockquote.com disclaim any and all liability resulting from failure of performance or destruction of the stock quotes system. 

© 2025 - realtimestockquote.com



























