










home - national cacfp sponsors association































































  



























skip to content














 
conferencerecipesmenussun mealsmarketplaceabout usdonate











login


















































menu 
resources links join the food program resource directory buyer’s guide usda & state agencies nutrition education recipes cnt magazines everyday education meal patterns meal pattern minute cacfp tools menus cacfp templates training & nutrition calendar usda food buying guide crediting handbook program support activities & materials activity pages toolkits motivation & celebration operations family day  care homes child care centers & head start afterschool meals adult care sun meals farm to cacfpprofessional development continuing education learning center cacfp university virtual summit thirty on thursdays usda webinars certification program certification overview certification requirements how to apply for your certification renewing your certification track your ceus career job opportunities cacfp professionals directorynews & events national conference 2025 national conference future & past conferences national cacfp week cacfp week campaign cacfp week advocacy social media challenge cacfp week in action news blog weekly enews member showcase cacfp inspire awards events event calendar upcoming virtual events boot camps power of the food programpolicy & partnerships partners national allies community allies industry partners partnership opportunities partner resources regulations & guidance cacfp regulations & guidance meal pattern guidance income eligibility rates of reimbursement advocacy & legislation advocacy resources action center initiatives program history child nutrition reauthorizationdirectories find a food program sponsor resources buyer’s guide usda & state agencies cacfp professionals child nutrition partners










 
resources links join the food program resource directory buyer’s guide usda & state agencies nutrition education recipes cnt magazines everyday education meal patterns meal pattern minute cacfp tools menus cacfp templates training & nutrition calendar usda food buying guide crediting handbook program support activities & materials activity pages toolkits motivation & celebration operations family day  care homes child care centers & head start afterschool meals adult care sun meals farm to cacfpprofessional development continuing education learning center cacfp university virtual summit thirty on thursdays usda webinars certification program certification overview certification requirements how to apply for your certification renewing your certification track your ceus career job opportunities cacfp professionals directorynews & events national conference 2025 national conference future & past conferences national cacfp week cacfp week campaign cacfp week advocacy social media challenge cacfp week in action news blog weekly enews member showcase cacfp inspire awards events event calendar upcoming virtual events boot camps power of the food programpolicy & partnerships partners national allies community allies industry partners partnership opportunities partner resources regulations & guidance cacfp regulations & guidance meal pattern guidance income eligibility rates of reimbursement advocacy & legislation advocacy resources action center initiatives program history child nutrition reauthorizationdirectories find a food program sponsor resources buyer’s guide usda & state agencies cacfp professionals child nutrition partners









become a member










 













a national platform for the child and adult care food program community












 
 











one month until cacfp week! 









visit our campaign page today to download materials and prepare to celebrate!
























what's new? 


news



 











next event 


calendar



 











find a sponsor 


sponsors



 











certification 


certification



 











learning center 


learn



 

















access to healthy meals and snacks for over 4.5 million children and adults






the national cacfp association (nca) has been the leading national organization for those who administer the usda child and adult care food program (cacfp) since 1986, providing education, information on legislation, regulation and advocacy issues, and resources to support the essential work of the cacfp community who ensure that every child has access to nutritious food year-round.









































 










sponsor



















the food program 
cacfp participation is an indicator of quality care
 
the cacfp combats hunger and brings healthy foods to tables across the country for children in child care centers, homes, emergency shelters, and afterschool programs as well as adults in day care through this usda federal reimbursement program. children learn healthy eating habits from caregivers who recognize the importance of participating in the child and adult care food program as a way to help children grow and develop to their fullest potential. receiving nutritious meals early in life, as well as being physically active, is critical to the establishment of positive lifelong habits.
 
join the food program

 















getting member resources is as easy as 1-2-3















step 1 

join the association

 














step 2 

create your member portal

 














step 3 

sign in & download

 













become a member




















 
what our members say"one in five children in our service area are not getting the nutritious food they need. when kids don’t have what they need, emotional and learning needs suffer. we want to make sure no one is hungry. this program can be the difference."
northern illinois food bank 
 


 
what our members say"beginning with the garden in the backyard, we teach children about the importance of cooking healthy meals. learning about nutrition comes with understanding the process and sampling new foods. we work to make a healthy connection by also sharing menus and educational nutritional notes with the families."
green monkey daycare 
 


 
what our members say"i love the cacfp because they mandate both the nutrition, education and visits that help contribute to quality child care."
joy parks, family home child care provider 
 


 
what our members say"nutrition is where it all starts for the day. you have to feel well to learn, work and play. our ymca chefs serve as the champions for child nutrition and value the cacfp."
mercer county ymca
 


 
what our members say"we are able to provide the families in our area with quality child care and at the same time provide the children with the food and nutrition they need in order to grow and develop because of the cacfp."
community action head start program 
 


 
what our members say"what started with one kid saying, 'i’m hungry,' is now a sponsoring organization which served over  1,800 meals through the cacfp & sfsp. it’s important for us to prepare healthy foods and ensure access for all the kids in our community."
kooking 4 kids 
 























nca                                    membership $75.00 member-only training, activity sheets, webinars and nutrition education.discount to the annual conference.calendar with 5-hour training module.advocacy in washington, dc.

become a member








cacfp sponsor membership $150.00 one nca membership.discounts on bulk materials.find a sponsor listing at cacfp.org.board of directors leadership opportunities and voting rights.sponsor-only forum access.

become a member








organization membership $375.00 up to five (5) nca memberships.

become a member






















child nutrition champions
















                                sesame street in communities                            














                                team nutrition                            














                                usda                            














                                myplate                            














                                myplate strategic partner                            














                                national child nutrition foundation                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 national cacfp sponsors association
 | 
site by growthzone



































resources











search











find a sponsor














shop











marketplace














w-9











nca w-9














login











member log-in














account











account











request an account






sign up for enews












quick links






cacfp income eligibility
cacfp reimbursement rates
cacfp cash in lieu rates
cacfp national disqualified list
sfsp reimbursement rates









connect with us






national cacfp association










po box 1748, round rock tx 78680 













(512) 850-8278 














email us 










facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin














usage instructions: all nca material is copyrighted. please see full usage instructions here.


















 © 

 national cacfp sponsors association.  all rights reserved. 








 

















