




 







carnival & amusement park food supplier in oregon | pronto pup co.


































































































pronto pup co.









ph. 503.244.9421
 


 search for:  search  



 account


 shopping cart ( )









home
our history
how to make a pronto pup
shop
contact us
blog









theoriginalhot dog on a stick
                        shop now






featured products 






 



 














1-5 lb bag p.p. flour mix w/sticks & t-shirt
add to cart 















#2533 50 lb bulk caramel glaze pop
add to cart 















5 1/2" x 1/4" candy apple stick semi-pointed (1000ct)
add to cart 















c & h pure cane special sanding sugar 50 lb
add to cart 















#3019 twin wind ii cotton candy machine
add to cart 














 






carnival & amusement park food supplies



have you ever enjoyed a delicious corn dog at a fair or carnival? if so, you have george and vera boyington to thank for it. way back in the 1940s, they created the very first corn dog, which they called the pronto pup, by coating a hot dog with a special batter and deep-frying it to a golden brown. they sold thousands of pronto pups during the first year of their existence, and ever since, the pronto pup has grown in popularity and been enjoyed by millions of people all over the world.
today, the pronto pup company continues to serve those looking to enjoy our delicious treats, and we also offer a wide range of other carnival and amusement park food supplies in oregon.
while we specialize in providing people with everything they need to make a pronto pup, including pronto pup corn dog flour mix, we also know that people love to eat more than just our creation when they attend special events. therefore, we have made it our mission to stock all of the special treats you could want. from cotton candy supplies to fried onion and fry supplies, we have everything you need to make your next event a success.
in addition to stocking dozens of different carnival and amusement park food supplies, pronto pup also has the equipment you need to make delicious snacks. this includes equipment like shallow fryers that you can use for years to come. we strive to be your one-stop-shop for all of your carnival food needs, and we know that we have what you are looking for in our extensive inventory.
are you looking to place an order for carnival and amusement park food supplies in oregon? call pronto pup at 503-244-9421 today.












as featured on food network’s
 



send us a message















name*


first

email*

phonemessage/questions?*would you like to receive future emails from pronto pup co., inc.?*


yes



no
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ

visit usstay connected 

stay connected

 




© 2025 pronto pup co. | 
ph. 503-244-9421 | email. dave@prontopup.net | 8437 sw terwilliger blvd portland, or 97219
sitemap |  privacy policy  |  refund policy  |  shipping policy  |  







pronto pup co.
homeour historyhow to make a pronto pupshopcontact usblog

				× close panel			




























 
