















surf4it.net





































































surf4it.net



find it fast!
























home


surf4it web hosting


global phone numbers


travel tips


private brand customer care software


contact us





find it fast!


travel explorer usa
travel salina kansas usa
travel ellsworth county
travel saline county








































































tuesday, august 28, 2018







making money from ads on your website







web marketing with google's adsense
have you heard about people making money just from the ads that are posted on their websites, and wondered if it could work for you?



here's how it works:

google's adsense program is a way that you can make money by allowing google to place other sites' ads somewhere on your site.  whenever someone clicks on one of those ads, you'll get money for having sent that visitor to the other site.



you can use the web control panel to navigate through all the options of google's adsense program.  you set up all the options for which kinds of ads you'd like to have displayed, and which ones you want to block (obviously, you won't want to send your visitors to competitors' sites).

you can even manage it all,  giving you full control of your advertising plan and budget.










at

august 28, 2018



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest






















web marketing and seo services







marketing your website


if you already have a web page, you probably already realize that just posting it doesn't guarantee that people will visit your site.  in fact, as the internet matures as a marketing tool, it becomes more important to know the right strategies to get your website noticed.

have you ever wondered how many people visit your private label reseller website, which pages they visit most, how long they stay at your site, or what other website sent them to your site?

genesis tech software can help you track visitor statistics and make changes to your site based on what you learn.

while you can do a lot to drive traffic to your website for free, there are times when it's a good option to do a little paid advertising with the major search engines.

the way it works is pretty simple.



you set up an advertisement to display when searchers enter a particular search term at the search engine.



you only pay for it whenever someone clicks on that ad and goes to your site.

using our web interface you can manage the whole process, giving you the flexibility to manage you own business advertising.

some things to think about like setting up the advertisements (coming up with the right words to get results, and helping you decide which page of your site to send visitors to, etc.)



you can review the regular reports of the results of your advertising efforts.

unlike most forms of advertising, you'll know exactly how many people saw your ad, and how many clicked on it and went to your site.


sound interesting?  click here find out more.  












at

august 28, 2018



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, august 14, 2018












follow us



follow us on facebook or twitter, or subscribe to our blog so that you get updates whenever we post new information. 

 it’s easy to send us a private message on facebook with any questions you may have.  








at

august 14, 2018



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















search this blog




















blog archive





august 2018 (3)
      







web marketing and seo services










































travel explorer usa









travel explorer usa




estes park & rocky mountain national park



                      -
                    



when mentioning beautiful places in the state of colorado, estes park 
should be on that list. if you are visiting the rocky mountains, it is 
almost neces...











travel explorer




smoky hill museum saline county kansas



                      -
                    



smoky hill museum salina kansas the smoky hill museum has interesting 
hands-on activity that is sure to fascinate you like this van de graaf 
generator.go...











genesis life




adaptogens – one key to more energy



                      -
                    

i ran across a link on my facebook  this morning that had some interesting 
information on adaptogens.  (scroll down to see it below.)  if you haven’t 
heard...















finditfast


genesis tech
genesis life
genesis health
global phone numbers
mobile apps














genesis tech 2019. picture window theme. powered by blogger.
























