








we no longer sell bamboo plants but you may still enjoy our website and photos
































we no longer sell bamboo plants but you may still enjoy our website and photos

search


primary menu
skip to content
we are permanently closed
 





search for:



 







bamboo for you is closed – the owners have retired – you may still enjoy this website



we used to offer you the most attractive and ornamental bamboo varieties.
we previously had some of the most unusual and rare bamboo plants available.
the bamboos we used to sell are easy to grow and maintain in south florida.
we no longer sell the bamboo plants that we have grown to love ourselves.
plant prices

plant prices
we previously  strived to offer the most competitive prices for the florida market.

delivery

delivery / shipping
we used to offer reasonably priced delivery services.  depending on the size of the order and the delivery location, delivery could have been free.  we do not ship plants because we are retired and no longer in business.


 






catalog
bamboo types
bamboo magic
bamboo plant care
photos from the farm
contact
941-xxx-xxxx
 

search

search for:



our specialty non-invasive clumping bamboo plants for landscape and privacy.

 





about this site please enjoy browsing our website to discover the bamboo plants that will best meet your particular needs.
please note that this website and all photographs are still copyright protected.
although we are closed for business, “bamboo for you” is still trademarked by us.
copyright © 2001 bamboo for you.
all rights reserved.

 serving collier county ( naples ), lee county ( fort myers – bonita springs – cape coral ), charlotte county ( punta gorda ), sarasota county, manatee county ( bradenton – myakka city ), hillsborough county ( tampa ), pinellas county ( st. petersburg ), desoto county, hardee county, polk county, palm beach county ( palm beach – west palm beach ), broward county ( fort lauderdale – hollywood ), and dade county ( miami & miami beach ).

 



copyright © 2001 bamboo for you. 











