




atlantic house bed & breakfast in ocean city maryland










































home
rooms
about
gallery
contact













previous slide◀︎
next slide▶︎


















































atlantic house bed & breakfast
located in downtown ocean city, md
welcome to our family-owned atlantic house bed and breakfast in beautiful ocean city, maryland with a location to dream about and service to remember. while just a block from the famous ocean city boardwalk and beaches, you can still enjoy your morning coffee in privacy on our sunroom where a homestyle breakfast buffet is served daily. all of ocean city, maryland's major attractions are within a short walk, which allows your car to share in the holiday, too. convenience and comfort are provided by innkeepers who live on premises.
during your stay at the atlantic house bed and breakfast, consider this your home. we make all our guests feel like the guest of honor. we will gladly help with providing information about all things local... dining, entertainment and activities as well as history of the house and town. we are a family-owned business that specializes in making you feel like part of our family when you stay here with us.








permanently closed












our location
ocean city maryland is paradise for beach loving families from all over the country. our clean soft sandy beaches are the perfect place to escape the daily grind of city living. once you start breathing in that fresh ocean air something wonderful happens to your entire body. we are extremely proud of our resort town and we know that you and your loved ones will create lasting summer vacation memories.



our front porch
our inviting and relaxing front porch is the perfect way to spend your time after a great day at the beach. enjoy conversations with other guests while sipping your wine beer or other beverage. our porch is the one of the best places to "people watch" enjoy our delicious breakfast while rocking in our rocking chairs. "what happens on our porch stays on our porch".



our breakfast
our breakfast is served buffet style with open seating. coffee and carbs are served at 8 am and hot breakfast is served at 9 am. please be aware that due to maryland health department regulations we can only serve breakfast to 8 rooms. for this reason rooms 4,8, 11, and 12 do not receive breakfast. enjoy a plethora of breakfast options. there are typically options that include a pastry, fruit, breakfast meat, eggs, and a breakfast carb like waffles, pancakes, or french toast.










                voted #5 best beach bed & breakfast in the country
inn magazine



































socialize with us

      










back to top










address
                501 north baltimore avenue
                ocean city, maryland 21842
            

 



email & phone
atlantichouseoc@gmail.com
410-289-2333











                ©2025 atlantic house. all rights reserved. privacy policy / site map
website design by sprout creatives







  





