










recons.com – finance, marketing, brands – recons – investments, valuations, brand shop, marketing, ads








































































 
















home
services
about us





contact us
our blog





















 
 



 










 







one stop business consulting 









 
discover more











  











 









 







relevant expertisewe are not just experts in consulting. we are successful serial entrepreneurs that have tested thoroughly what actually works.
 









 
contact us













 







20+ years of experiencefrom multi-billion energy projects to large scale property development, we have done it all and at any scale!
 









 
work with us

















our serviceswe are not just consultants, we are also entrepreneurs that have taken companies from zero to seven figure revenue. we know what it takes to succeed at every stage of the journey.
 











 
finance we can help you with all your financial needs, including asset valuations, acquisitions, investment decisions and so much more. make informed decisions based on accurate projections.
 












 
branding and marketing how good is your product and service is irrelevant if you don't have a brand and marketing to support it. a memorable positive name and efficient marketing can do miracles for your business.
 












 
business counsel let us be your source for the second opinion (or first) on your ideas, strategy and implementation. know all your options and their long term consequences, risks involved and mitigation strategies.
 


















 









why choose usby working with us, you can ensure that all your efforts are aligned towards the same goal with clarity and consistency.
 







01high success ratewe start by gaining deep understanding of your business and vision. then we draw the optimal path to achieve your goals.
 







02the solutions that workwe make sure our advice is well thought through, planned, and well-tested.
 















branding & rebranding solutionsbrands should never be an afterthought. they should reflect the vision of founders and shareholders for the business and be relatable to all customers and stakeholders. the branding services are provided via our company rightbrand llc. we often provide the pre-packaged brands that include the company logo, its identity and matching .com domain.
 











 
case study 1 we helped branding elix magazine. their vision is creating an online and print publication that brings the essence of various topics to readers instead of narrow specialization. so we came up with the beautiful name, elix, that is short for elixir. we also helped them securing the exact match domain with https://elix.com
 










 
learn more













 
case study 2 we are currently helping a client with establishing a luxury brand that will stand for the highest quality products made in europe. belg uses highest quality materials, works with the best artisans. we have already secured the belg brand name and the matching domain: https://belg.com
 














 











 









what customers saywe take pride in exceeding the expectations of our clients, who are more like partners to us.
 








we used recons for the assessment of an investment opportunity. they developed the financial model estimating the return on investment. they also provided the complete risk evaluation and the mitigation plan. as a result, we couldn't be happier with our investment and will keep working with recons in the future.jame goldon 

recons advised us with the optimal setup of our company. we were blown away by how detailed and well thought through their recommendations was for our startup taking into account all the flexibility we wanted with the future grows, expansions and financing rounds.kelly clarkson 

we had a specific brand in mind that recons happened to own the domain for. the acquisition process was very smooth and well communicated.john davis 
















have a question? ask usemail: ea(at)recons.com
phone: +1 713 322 2223
 









 













 facebook

 twitter

 instagram

 youtube










@2019 - all right reserved. designed by t e k h

















 
home
services
about us





contact us
our blog
 




shopping cart
close



no products in the cart.




close















































