





physical therapy in newark oh
        | rehab associates































loading...























services






outpatient services
physical therapy
work cond. & ind. rehab
pelvic floor therapy
dry needling
balance testing & training
wellness & fitness
orthopedics



other services
school therapy
on-site ind. therapy

sports medicine
sports performance popular
muscle energy technique 








company


health blog
faq

about rehab associates
contact
clinical staff
school therapy staff
administration staff
insurances

careers we're hiring



conditions we treat







general pain
chronic pain
osteoarthritis
osteoporosis
work injuries

sports injuries
ac joint injuries
acl tear
concussion
golfer's elbow
it band syndrome
shoulder dislocation
sports hernia
tennis elbow




shoulder pain
shoulder dislocation
shoulder impingement
labral tears
rotator cuff tears


neck pain
cervical radiculopathy
headaches
herniated disk

balance/vertigo
balance problems
bppv
dizziness
vertigo










knee/hip pain
greater trochanteric bursitis
hip impingement
hip labral tear
osgood-schlatter disease
osteoarthritis of the knee
patellofemoral pain

back pain
degenerative disk disease
herniated disk
hyperkyphosis
low back pain
lumbar radiculopathy and sciatica
spinal stenosis




foot/ankle pain
achilles tendinopathy
ankle impingement
ankle sprain
bunions
cuboid syndrome
peroneal tendinopathy
plantar fasciitis

wrist pain
carpal tunnel syndrome
de quervain's tendinitis
wrist fracture
wrist tendinitis









older adults

alzheimer's disease
falls
frailty
incontinence
osteoarthritis
osteoporosis
stroke



appointments

schedule appointment
complimentary assessment popular
telehealth
what to expect



account

login












                                contact
                            












rehab associates
physical, occupational, industrial, and school therapy services in the newark-heath ohio area
did you know that you have direct access to physical therapy? most insurance companies do not require a referral by physician. schedule your complimentary evaluation today!

custom treatment plans
one-on-one care
rapid results

click where you are having pain to get started! 



                            complimentary evaluation 

our locations 

click where you are having pain to get started!
















































































































































rehab associates services
we will turn your world right-side up with professional one on one treatment from a compassionate therapist to eliminate your pain and improve your body.







physical therapy
a rehab associates physical therapist can help restore function and prevent disability following disease or injury.


learn more about pt 







occupational therapy
a rehab associates occupational therapist (ot) can help you maintain, regain, or improve your independence using different techniques and equipment.


learn more about ot 







dry needling
dry needling (dn) involves inserting a tiny monofilament needle into symptomatic tissue to reduce pain, increase circulation and improve function of the neuromuscular system.


learn more about dn 










sports performance
our therapists at rehab associates have the experience and expertise to get injured athletes back to game ready as quickly as possible.


learn more on sports performance 







pelvic health physical therapy
pregnancy, postpartum health, pelvic pain, bowel and bladder leaking-incontinence, constipation, fibromyalgia, and osteoporosis, as well as pre-and post-surgical concerns.


learn more 










fall risk prevention
falls and a fear of falling diminish your ability to lead an independent life. you can prevent falls by working with a physical therapist to improve your balance, muscle strength, and endurance.


fall risk prevention 







school therapy
the rehab associates therapists collaborates with students, parents, teachers, and support staff to address their challenges on an individual basis.


school therapy services 







muscle energy techniques
a rehab associates therapist uses these light muscle contraction techniques to find and correct the cause of back pain, neck pain, as well sacroiliac pain.


muscle energy techniques 











testimonial

"the pt employees were so attentive and detailed in their program to restore my 11 year old’s back to her former capabilities post acl surgery. they not only ensured her physical restoration, but were involved in getting to know her and her hobbies to tailor a program specific to her needs. from the front office staff welcoming us every week to the kindness shown to us in the therapy room, we couldn't have asked for a better environment to heal. i would highly recommend this facility for all of your therapy needs!"


                        rehab associates patient
                        google review






















rehab associates pain management
managing pain empowers you to reclaim control over your life, allowing you to pursue your passions and enjoy your daily activities to the fullest.







low back pain and sciatica
if you have signs of a back injury or sciatica that include numbness, tingling and intense pain – physical therapy can help.


learn more back pain 







pain while walking
you spend an incredible amount of time on your feet, and if you are suffering from foot, ankle, knee or hip pain, your life is greatly impacted.


learn more walking pain 







sport injuries
at rehab associates, we have been treating patients for sports injuries for decades. we know how to deliver the care you need, so you can get back to enjoying the playing field.


learn about sports injuries 









work injury
physical therapy plays an integral part in recovery from workplace injuries. physical therapist are experts in finding the cause of pain and implementing a solution.


learn about work injuries 







headaches & migraines
before you write your pain off as just another headache, contact a headache specialist at rehab associates to learn how to prevent headaches and migraines.


learn about headaches 








discover more about physical therapy







read the blog
4 practical benefits of starting physical therapy without delay
when it comes to musculoskeletal issues, time is of the essence. while many people instinctively wait for a doctor’s appointment, starting tr...







read the blog
the health risks of delaying treatment for musculoskeletal issues
musculoskeletal issues, which include a range of problems like back pain, joint stiffness, and muscle strains, are incredibly common and can seriou...







read the blog
how annual physical therapy exams can help you age gracefully
as we age, maintaining mobility and independence becomes increasingly important. ensuring that our bodies remain strong, flexible, and capable of p...












sports performance
home of the ra sports performance program. injury treatment, strength training, and more!
learn more 






pt helps patients lessen pain and improve movement
learn more 






pt can help manage the symptoms of shoulder pain
learn more 










                    want to read more? check out our blog 







rehab associates client reviews
don't just take our word it - here is what our patients had to say!











"before i started physical therapy at rehab associates, i couldn't walk at all. i broke my neck, i was in the hospital, nursing homes and the va for a total of 11 months. i was in a wheelchair. as a result of my pt i am very close to being independent in my home. i walk with a walker and can walk through stores with the shopping cart once again."






                                        scott
                                        google review









schedule a complimentary evaluation


 













first name





last name





email address



phone



what are you interested in?

physical therapy
sports performance
school therapy
on-site industrial therapy
other service
question/other




i prefer a...



call



email



text




i agree to the terms


submit














custom treatment plan



physical therapy is a proven method for helping people of all ages who have injuries or medical conditions that limit their daily function or mobility. having a comprehensive personalized physical therapy treatment program can help people resume their daily activities, prevent future injuries, and get people back to doing what they love.
different from traditional physical therapy, rehab associates physical therapist provides personalized and comprehensive care to their patients. a comprehensive plan that focuses on the whole body, not just the area of injury or pain, ensures the whole body is getting stronger and recovering from any possible contributing factors that cause added pain. this type of physical therapy maximizes your recovery from injury.
this model relies on developing a strong relationship between you and your therapist.  it is important for each patient to have open lines of communication with your therapist to develop an individualized program that works for you.  this gives your therapists the ability to adapt and change your program to customize your treatment plan.


schedule an appointment
close









custom treatment plan



at rehab associates we find that giving one-on-one care at each treatment session is essential to provide the quality therapy our patients need and deserve. to achieve maximum results rehab associates makes sure to schedule each patient with quality individualized sessions with their physical therapist or occupational therapist. this allows us to deliver the hands-on treatment techniques necessary to promote healing and quick recovery from your injury. many techniques such as manual therapy, dry needling, and muscle energy that are utilized by our staff require hands-on time with our patients to be completed.
schedule an appointment with rehab associates today to experience the results our 5-star individualized care can do for you.


schedule an appointment
close















 (740) 345-2837


 info@rehabassociates.net


1220 hebron rd., heath, oh 43056




company

about
appointments
blog
careers we're hiring
contact



information

older adults
on-site industrial therapy
outpatient
school therapy
sports medicine



conditions

general pain
sports injuries
shoulder pain
neck pain
knee / hip pain



resources

 account
 faq
 patient forms
 telehealth








privacy & terms of use


site map

























english (us)





english (us)








© rehab associates 2025 all rights reserved.
when you visit or interact with our site, we or our authorised service providers may use cookies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster and safer experience and for marketing purposes.












 



search
















 
your email




password
forgot password?









log in











privacy policy
last updated: april 27, 2023
this privacy policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
we use your personal data to provide and improve the service. by using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy policy. this privacy policy has been created with the help of the free privacy policy generator.
interpretation and definitions
interpretation
the words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. the following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
definitions
for the purposes of this privacy policy:


account means a unique account created for you to access our service or parts of our service.


affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.


company (referred to as either "the company", "we", "us" or "our" in this agreement) refers to division of licking rehabilitation service, inc., 11177 lambs ln., newark, oh 43055.


cookies are small files that are placed on your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses.


country refers to: ohio,  united states


device means any device that can access the service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.


personal data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.


service refers to the website.


service provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the company. it refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the company to facilitate the service, to provide the service on behalf of the company, to perform services related to the service or to assist the company in analyzing how the service is used.


usage data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).


website refers to rehab associates, accessible from https://rehabassociates.net/


you means the individual accessing or using the service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the service, as applicable.


collecting and using your personal data
types of data collected
personal data
while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:


email address


first name and last name


phone number


usage data


usage data
usage data is collected automatically when using the service.
usage data may include information such as your device's internet protocol address (e.g. ip address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
when you access the service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique id, the ip address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
we may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service or when you access the service by or through a mobile device.
tracking technologies and cookies
we use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our service and store certain information. tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our service. the technologies we use may include:

cookies or browser cookies. a cookie is a small file placed on your device. you can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our service. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our service may use cookies.
web beacons. certain sections of our service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser. learn more about cookies on the free privacy policy website article.
we use both session and persistent cookies for the purposes set out below:


necessary / essential cookies
type: session cookies
administered by: us
purpose: these cookies are essential to provide you with services available through the website and to enable you to use some of its features. they help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.


cookies policy / notice acceptance cookies
type: persistent cookies
administered by: us
purpose: these cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the website.


functionality cookies
type: persistent cookies
administered by: us
purpose: these cookies allow us to remember choices you make when you use the website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. the purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you use the website.


for more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our cookies policy or the cookies section of our privacy policy.
use of your personal data
the company may use personal data for the following purposes:


to provide and maintain our service, including to monitor the usage of our service.


to manage your account: to manage your registration as a user of the service. the personal data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the service that are available to you as a registered user.


for the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services you have purchased or of any other contract with us through the service.


to contact you: to contact you by email, telephone calls, sms, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.


to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.


to manage your requests: to attend and manage your requests to us.


for business transfers: we may use your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal data held by us about our service users is among the assets transferred.


for other purposes: we may use your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our service, products, services, marketing and your experience.


we may share your personal information in the following situations:

with service providers: we may share your personal information with service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our service,  to contact you.
for business transfers: we may share or transfer your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
with affiliates: we may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. affiliates include our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
with business partners: we may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
with other users: when you share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
with your consent: we may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.

retention of your personal data
the company will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. we will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
the company will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
transfer of your personal data
your information, including personal data, is processed at the company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. it means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
your consent to this privacy policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
the company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
delete your personal data
you have the right to delete or request that we assist in deleting the personal data that we have collected about you.
our service may give you the ability to delete certain information about you from within the service.
you may update, amend, or delete your information at any time by signing in to your account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage your personal information. you may also contact us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.
disclosure of your personal data
business transactions
if the company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your personal data may be transferred. we will provide notice before your personal data is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
law enforcement
under certain circumstances, the company may be required to disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
other legal requirements
the company may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

comply with a legal obligation
protect and defend the rights or property of the company
prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service
protect the personal safety of users of the service or the public
protect against legal liability

security of your personal data
the security of your personal data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
children's privacy
our service does not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us. if we become aware that we have collected personal data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
if we need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires consent from a parent, we may require your parent's consent before we collect and use that information.
links to other websites
our service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
changes to this privacy policy
we may update our privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "last updated" date at the top of this privacy policy.
you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes. changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
contact us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us:

by email: office@rehabassociates.net



close











rehab associates
a second ago







        success! your appointment has been submitted.
    
























