







mrc laboratory of molecular biology









































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebarmrc laboratory of molecular biologyone of the world's leading research institutes, our scientists are working to advance understanding of biological processes at the molecular level - providing the knowledge needed to solve key problems in human health. 
search this website 







home
about lmb
research
research groups
students
recruitment
life at the lmb
achievements
news & events

 




about usthe mrc laboratory of molecular biology (lmb) is a research institute dedicated to the understanding of important biological processes at the levels of atoms, molecules, cells and organisms. in doing so, we provide knowledge needed to solve key problems in human health.
our scientists tackle fundamental, often difficult and long-term research problems. the lmb has made revolutionary contributions to science, such as pioneering x-ray crystallography and electron cryo-microscopy (cryo-em) to determine protein structures, the sequencing of dna and the development of monoclonal antibodies. twelve nobel prizes have been awarded for work carried out by lmb scientists.
the lmb also promotes the application and exploitation of our research findings, both by collaboration with existing companies and the founding of new ones, helping to advance medical research and the translation and application of knowledge.
the lmb provides an unsurpassed environment for both young and established researchers, with state-of-the-art facilities and a unique scientific culture. the lmb has always been very diverse, with a truly international outlook. we currently employ men and women from over 50 countries, and lmb alumni work in research organisations across the world.



insight on research
asgard archaea proteins reveal evolutionary secrets of membrane remodellingstudying asgard archaea, buzz baum’s group in the lmb’s cell biology division and aurelien roux’s group at the university of geneva, provide insights into the earliest origins of escrt-iii and reveal how its proteins work together to remodel membranes.newly identified quality control mechanism of rna polymerase ii transcriptionana tufegdžić vidaković’s group, in the lmb’s pnac division, have worked with scott berry’s group, at the university of new south wales, to identify the mechanism cells use to regulate gene expression via control of quality and quantity of pol ii molecules.  see more insight on research



search 

quick links
how to find us
current vacancies
seminars
contact directory
phd programme
lmb nobel prizes
news & events
useful contacts
goals and research focus
lmb through the years
lmb exhibitions
 





latest newsshankar balasubramanian to deliver 2025 francis crick lecturethe 2025 francis crick lecture titled ‘the dna quadruplex helix’ will be given by shankar balasubramanian at 11am on wednesday 19th february. […]festive fundraising totals over £1400 for pets as therapythe annual lmb christmas charity raffle and craft and chatter group christmas sale has raised over £1400 for pets as therapy. […] see more news




lmb in the newskelly nguyen: cell scientist to watchwhen science meets dance see more lmb in the news



lmb alumni newstop prize for andrija sente’s research revealing the diversity within brain receptorsjoe parker awarded 2024 macarthur fellowship see more lmb alumni news





latest publications
structural basis of anticancer drug recognition and amino acid transport by lat1.lee, y., et al.nat commun 16(1): 1635.  (14th february 2025)exploring aspartate transcarbamoylase: a promising broad-spectrum target for drug development.chen, s., et al.chembiochem : e202401009 [epub ahead of print].  (12th february 2025)choroid plexus organoids reveal mechanisms of streptococcus suis translocation at the blood-cerebrospinal fluid barrier.zhao, t., et al.fluids barriers cns 22(1): 14.  (10th february 2025)asgard archaea reveal the conserved principles of escrt-iii membrane remodeling.souza, dp., et al.sci adv 11(6): eads5255.  (7th february 2025)organizer activity in the mouse embryo.kretzschmar, j., goodwin, k., mcdole, k.cells dev : 204001 [epub ahead of print].  (5th february 2025)the double life of mammalian dna replication origins.hyrien, o., guilbaud, g., krude, t.genes dev  [epub ahead of print].  (4th february 2025)anti-ebola virus mab 3a6 protects highly viremic animals from fatal outcome via binding gp in a position elevated from the virion membrane.hastie, km., et al.nat commun 16(1): 1293.  (3rd february 2025) 
see more publications




privacy & cookies
contact directory
freedom of information
site map
 











find us


©2025 mrc laboratory of molecular biology,francis crick avenue, cambridge biomedical campus, cambridge cb2 0qh, uk. 01223 267000the mrc is part of uk research and innovation 


contact us


 













close





































this site uses cookies. the lmb may use cookies to analyse how you use our website. we use external analysis systems which may set additional cookies to perform their analysis. these cookies (and any others in use) are detailed in our privacy and cookies policy and are integral to our website. you can delete or disable these cookies in your web browser if you wish, but then our site may not work as it is designed.
ok


