



















welcome to western | western university | london, ontario, canada

















































skip to header
skip to main content
skip to footer 


 skip to main menu







contact us


westernu.ca





















what can i study?  


what is western like?  


what are my next steps?  



















enter keyword(s)
search
















welcome to western










discover a community that collaborates to drive meaningful impact in the world today.















find your program



your bright future starts here
western offers 400+ degree options to customize your studies and gain real-world experience with internships and co-ops.












take the next step







1


culture, community, campus.
explore what western is like









choosing a university is not just about the program. what is campus like? how can you lead outside the classroom? can you keep playing your favourite sport? will you graduate career-ready?
find out what western is like









2


application process, admission requirements, deadlines.
admissions & application









learn what your admission requirements are, how you can apply and everything western needs to make you an admission decision.
start admission process









3


say yes and prepare.
accept your offer









got an offer? say yes! here's everything you need to do to make it official.
i want to be a western mustang















ontario h.s. students



ontario h.s. students







all other canadian h.s.



all other canadian h.s.







international students



international students







equity-deserving groups



equity-deserving groups







transfer students



transfer students







indigenous students



indigenous students










numbers with impact






400+
combinations of undergraduate specializations, majors and minors


top 1%
of universities in the world


170+
international learning programs in more than 40 countries


$26.5m
in financial assistance available


100%
of undergraduate students have access to experiential learning opportunities


$6 million
invested in equity, diversity & inclusion




swipe for more 









explore events
how does the application process work? what will you learn in your future program? get the information you need at our presentations and events. advisors will guide you and answer your questions.
find a session










gain real-world experience

grow academically, personally and professionally by getting involved in the community, immersing yourself in other cultures and gaining hands-on experience. 










balancing sports and academics like a champion.











integrated science leading to new ways of learning.











caring for patients at a sport medicine clinic.









swipe for more 








we are grateful to live, work and play on these lands.
western university is located on the traditional lands of the anishinaabek, haudenosaunee, lūnaapéewak and chonnonton peoples, on lands connected with the london township and sombra treaties of 1796 and the dish with one spoon covenant wampum. this land continues to be home to diverse indigenous peoples (first nations, métis and inuit) whom we recognize as contemporary stewards of the land and vital contributors of our society.












1151 richmond street
            london, ontario, canada, n6a 3k7





request information
visit
apply
application status
viewbook




facebook


twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube





© 1878 -  western university



privacy
|
web standards
|
terms of use
|
accessibility















