 








awai - american writers and artists institute - expert help on writing for money and freelance writing jobs

























     












 











 menu









 menu
			

products & training
resources
about us
help & support





 enter your search | 
search







 search
		

 member login









make money writing. rewrite your future.

gain the most in-demand writing skills
discover the best-paying writing assignments
build the career (and life) you want!

new to paid writing? start here!








my “job” moves with me!







flexibility to set my own hours.



working for companies i care deeply about.







writing from my sailboat in mexico.




 



learn copywriting
			the #1 way to make a living as a writer





free 5-part video training


high paying projects
write from anywhere
flexible schedule
beginners welcome!



start your free copywriting training now



 



find the right path and training for you

80 in-demand copywriting projects to fire up your writing success
inside this guide, you’ll find comprehensive overviews and examples for each of the top 80 copywriting projects, along with the most up-to-date fee ranges.
find your path here











get certified and get recognized






















 















 

with awai mastery, you’ll complete the highest level of training offered, and be armed with the tools, frameworks and strategies needed to write effective copy and content that gets results.

view all certifications


















 
view all certifications



 


what our members say about awai…














								“i owe my writing careerto awai.”
rated 5 out 5






i owe my writing career to awai. i never would've even known about direct response copywriting without them — much less how to get started. their courses are relevant, timely, and thorough. i always feel like i'm getting the most up-to-date information about today's marketing trends. and they genuinely care about their members, and are excited about your success.

— candice lazar















								“awai has opened a lot of doors for me…”
rated 5 out 5






awai has opened a lot of doors for me… valuable industry contacts… terrific training on how to write effective copy… business skills to expand my impact as a copywriter, and as a marketing strategist.

— mike connolly















								“it was worth it a hundred times over.”
rated 5 out 5






i decided to take awai courses because i wanted the lifestyle, and fun, that copywriting can bring. it wasn't always easy, and yes, it does cost money. but it was worth it a hundred times over. i work in copywriting full time now, and i'm having a blast. i recommend awai wholeheartedly.

— christina allsop















								“today, awai is like a family to me.”
rated 5 out 5






awai is the “real deal.” its courses, newsletters, webinars and more provided me the foundational skills i needed to get started. and the awai staff and the extended copywriting “family” i've discovered through awai has given me support unlike anything i experienced over a 30 year technology career. today, awai is like a family to me. i have absolutely no regrets…

— les worley



















								“my writing career has flourished…”
rated 5 out 5






i’ve been an awai member since 2013 and can honestly say my writing career has flourished because of the instruction i’ve received from their top-notch programs. my membership has opened up a whole new world of profitable writing opportunities for me. within a year of starting their circle of success program, i had more clients than i could handle.

— elizabeth blessing












								“a strong and supportive community…”
rated 5 out 5






awai's programs and groups have helped me grow my writing skills, learn about various writing opportunities, learn how to start a business, and have given me a strong and supportive community of writers and friends. without them, i wouldn't have known how to start a writing business and get clients.

— paula high-young















								“awai positions you for long term success.”
rated 5 out 5






when you look around the internet right now, there are many programs available on copywriting. i’ve taken almost all of those courses. while there are excellent classes available that cover specific topics, awai has the exceptional program that covers almost every area a-z. the concepts they teach are timeless, which positions you for long term success.

— cindy hageman
















								“i can't recommend awai highly enough.”
rated 5 out 5






if you're interested in learning the copywriting and business skills necessary to start your own freelance copywriting business, awai is the place to go. awai has a vast array of different programs, from general copywriting skills programs, to business building programs, to programs for various niches. i can't recommend awai highly enough.

— vincent gonsalves
















								“the richest motherlode of solid gold information…”
rated 5 out 5






what can i say? this is the richest motherlode of solid gold information on the subject of copywriting there is… because they are constantly adding new programs, articles, lessons, etc. it is the richest resource i could ever have hoped to find when it comes to learning how to write quality copy. the staff and instructors are stellar, and the support is second to none.

— shea mcnaughton















								“awai stands behind their products and members.”
rated 5 out 5






awai's products are written by professional copywriters and marketers, and form an excellent foundation for anyone wanting to make money as a writer. can you learn the skills from other professionals or books? yes, you can. but in my experience with awai, there is no group of people more willing to stand behind their products and their members.

— jon stoltzfus

















								“this is an amazing place…”
rated 5 out 5






this is an amazing place, with such an awesome collection of training materials for a huge set of writing styles and purposes. i've only scratched the surface but know that i'll be busy here for years!

— john wood











								“all their programs are so easy to follow…”
rated 5 out 5






i can’t express enough how much i wish i would have come across awai as a college graduate. all their programs are so easy to follow, far easier to apply in the comfort of your own home, also for much cheaper than college classes. i pray to receive abundance in return for how easy, effortless, and supportive they make instructing you toward the writer’s life.

— casandra caravasi











								“they always help me find an answer.”
rated 5 out 5






the awai help team is fantastic! no matter what question or situation i propose to them they always help me find an answer. and then say “is there anything else we can help you with?” great team.

— sandra j. gonyier











								“… my own personal writing skills have improved.”
rated 5 out 5






i’ve enjoyed my journey with awai for a few years now. this institute allows one to become a copywriter should one desire that line of work. in the midst of my training i see my own personal writing skills have improved.

— wanda sewell











								“recommend for anyone seeking top-tier service.”
rated 5 out 5






unparalleled service from awai! their professionalism, dedication, and consistent follow-ups truly stood out. it's rare to find a team so committed to customer satisfaction. highly recommend for anyone seeking top-tier service. thank you, awai member services team!

— laine woolley











								“the quality of its courses and trainings is superb…”
rated 5 out 5






the quality of its courses and trainings is superb and the attention of its staff is friendly and decisive.

— javier lópez vivas









*disclaimer: all testimonials shown are real but do not claim to represent typical results. any success depends on many variables which are unique to each individual, including commitment and effort. testimonial results are meant to demonstrate what the most dedicated students have done and should not be considered average. awai.com makes no guarantee of any financial gain from the use of its products.

 



your journey to the writer’s life starts here:








get daily insights from working writers


write smarter
get inspired
build the career you want



plus — get dozens of real writing jobs delivered to your inbox each week (100% free!)
start your writing journey now with awai
by providing your email today, you’re giving consent for us to contact you by email. we do not sell your personal information to other companies, and you can withdraw consent at any time. by submitting this form, you agree to our privacy policy.



 


featured resources






will ai replace copywriters?
learn why you should embrace ai to become a better writer, and make more money faster by harnessing the speed it brings to the research and writing processes.







state of the industry report on copywriter rates and top performing marketing methods
curious what to charge for a writing project? check out our free pricing guide, which covers 80 of today’s most in-demand copywriting and content assignments.







how to get copywriting clients: a step-by-step blueprint for freelancers
discover how to choose your niche, build a standout portfolio, establish a strong online presence, and effectively connect with high-paying copywriting clients.



access more free resources





share this page:
facebook   twitter   pinterest   linkedin   email















join our facebook fan page
follow us on twitter
follow us on pinterest
connect with us on linkedin
follow us on instagram
subscribe to us on youtube


begin your writing journey and enjoy the writer’s life with awai!   learn more




 search | 
search





products & training
product catalog
copywriting training
self-guided programs
live training events
special offers / news


resources
resources guide
article search
pricing guide
how-to webinars
writing prompts
glossary


about us
about awai
our promise
meet the experts
meet the team
testimonials / stories
case studies
directory of writers


help & support
help
contact us
faqs
what is copywriting?
what is myawai?


members
member area
about myawai
member community
calendar
job opportunities
member catalog
login




american writers & artists institute
					220 george bush blvd, suite d
					delray beach, fl 33444
					(561) 278-5557 or (866) 879-2924

 


copyright © 2025 american writers & artists institute


privacy policy
help
site map
rss feed
contact us









