




weldingpros | one stop for welding professionals & hobbyists








































































skip to content 





 

welding symbols pdf


 
menu 







 
menu 
career

welding jobs
woman in welding
make money welding


schools

underwater welding schools
welding schools texas
welding schools california
welding schools florida


welding 101

how to stick weld
how to mig weld
tig welding [gtaw] basics & tips
plasma cutting safety


welders & cutters

mig welders
tig welders
stick welders
plasma cutters


protection

welding helmets
metal fabrication safety
welding safety equipment checklist
welding gloves
welding boots



welding symbols pdf


 
















welcome to weldingpros.net
 one-stop online resource for welders





guide to welding
start by downloading our free beginners “welding symbols e-book” and read our extensive independent welding equipment reviews and informative articles.






main content:

welding symbols introduction
detailed welding symbols chart
numbers in welding symbols
applied symbols weld examples

article with a free pdf e-book




“i am the qc manager at a asme section viii shop. one of the things i needed to do was teach welders how to read weld maps. a lot of the welders we employed had been welding for years and were proficient at welding but had a “mom and pop shop” kind of knowledge. i needed a way to show them how to understand weld symbols. most books that i found had good explanations, but yours was the first one that i saw that was very intuitive and easy to follow.” – jose martinez, qcm, cwiperformance pulsation control


“that welding pdf is the best of its kind i’ve found online.  on the engineering side, matching pictures of the process to the symbols is very helpful.  i keep it on my desktop as a reference, much better than the single page of symbols with a 2 word description(that means almost nothing to me). i have a non-traditional engineering background so the pictures help me to be confident that i am asking for what i think i am asking for.  can’t say enough good things about this reference, and would absolutely recommend this to anyone needing to create or interpret welding drawings.  thank you very much for creating something this good and passing it around for free!  i will be looking forward to seeing what you create in the future.”– brent tepolthunting intl, hunting dearborn


“i have downloaded your welding symbols e-book because i was looking for an explanation about the welding symbol used by a contractor in one of our projects. i am not a welder myself but a designer, and it is sometimes not obvious to understand what kind of weld is related to a symbol. furthermore, the symbols are often badly used which could lead to confusion. the presentation of your book is not very sexy, but the examples are clear with the dimensions on the drawings. your book is very valuable for engineers not familiar with the welding processes and all the possible types of welds. i have appreciated your book and i thank you for this.”– eric gognysystra group




mentioned on:





latest articles:








best welding gas flow regulators for tig and mig welder reviews & buyer’s guide 2025
december 7, 2024
although there are a few of them and each manufacturer ensures that theirs is the best, there are a few … read more









best spot welder – reviews & comparison table – 2025
october 4, 2024
choosing the perfect one can be a nightmare, but our article will help you select the best spot welder for … read more













optrel crystal 2.0 welding helmet review [features and specifications for 2025]
august 31, 2024
from a super lightweight design ( 18,7 oz, no neck fatigue) to the state-of-the-art crystal lens technology 2.0. i have to be honest … read more









best mig welder under $500 reviews – quality budget welding machines 2025
june 1, 2024
what are some of the considerations that you have to take into account when choosing your mig welding machine? best … read more













input and output power in welding – basic electricity in welding explained
may 31, 2024
in this article, we’ll thoroughly explain the basic electricity in welding, including the voltage and amperage and the changes they … read more










electrodecalculator
try our free, easy-to-use tool to see which stick welding electrode is suitable for the metal you are welding. our calculator allows you to input a metal and get a list of all supported welding electrodes. you will get the needed polarity, possible positions, coating types, tensile strength, and a brief comment for each electrode. additionally, you can do it the other way around and input the electrode number and get the specification. 

enter the welding electrodes calculator

new projectfeatured stories
welding career:






welding through history



highest paying welding jobs







best welding schools in the usa 



make money welding in  2023





welding knowledge: 






preheating before welding 



welding preparation – cleaning & beveling 







how to mig weld – in-depth guide 



welding aluminum explained in detail 





safety tips:






metal fabrication  safety guide 



welding safety equipment checklist 







arc welding safety tips & welding hazards 



plasma cutting safety precautions 









we invite you to have a look around and check out everything from the basics, to the on-job protection. search our product descriptions and blog for the answers you’re looking for. we have tons of information to answer any welder’s questions whether it’s which helmet suits your needs to something as fundamental as the difference between ac and dc power.we proudly carry or source everything needed for every welding task. not only that, but we also offer comprehensive content to answer all of your questions and fully describe the best uses for everything we sell. you’ll find a host of solutions to every welder’s questions. so, if you have a welding task, a welding question, or both- you’ve come to the right place.


in-depth  buyers guides for machines, gear & tools:



best welding helmets with modern tech 2023



top 10 best mig welders   2023​ [220v/110v]



best tig welders for  2023​ [ac/dc]



best stick welders 2023​ [220v/110v]



best plasma cutters  2023 [220v/110v]



best papr welding helmets 2023 [th3] 



best multi-process welders  2023 [mig/tig/stick]



best mig welding wire  2023






nobody wants to leave the job site in an ambulance with hot slag in the eye or a severe burn. we are all aware of how dangerous welding jobs can be. but not everyone needs the same type or level of protection. 
what’s more; different tasks, materials, tools, and environments come with different hazards that might not be obvious to the beginner- or to welders learning a new skill. 
we offer a wealth of information provided by welding professionals and researchers to help you choose the right protective gear, the right options, and the right applications with detailed and in-depth reviews.







welding as a career​
if you’re considering a career in welding, there are a number of things to consider. for starters, you should have a plan for getting the hang of welding safely. it is wise to use welding gear and safety equipment ideal for practice while you develop your technique and learn the basics.
we offer comprehensive descriptions and tutorials about all the various aspects of the welding and metal fabrication industry relevant to the seasoned pro as well as the beginner. we’ll help you come to grips with the professional concerns of the welding job market from available salaries to different job descriptions such as underwater welding. there’s no better time to get started than right now.


welding 101
we have the fundamentals of welding laid out clearly and concisely. whether you’re new to welding entirely or are trying a new task or application, we lay everything out in a complete and easy-to-understand way so that you can perform your first welds safely and correctly.
we offer explicit instructions and descriptions of how to perform all the major welding processes. whether it’s the details of ac/dc power, to explanations of the mig/tig/stick/flux and other processes- we have you covered.





 








         weldingpros.net







mentioned on:







welding machines
tig welders
mig welders
smaw welders
plasma cutters
flux core welders
multi process welders


welding guides
welding symbols pdf
how to mig weld
tig welding (gtaw)
welding joints
best welding schools
welding stainless


protection
welding helmets
1/1/1/1 vs 1/1/1/2
change the battery
underwater welding helmet
welding gloves
lens shade guide





disclaimer weldingpros.net is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. 
amazon, the amazon logo, amazonsupply, and the amazonsupply logo are trademarks of amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates.
as a yeswelder affiliate, i earn commissions for qualifying purchases. 
copyright © 2021 weldingpros.net



terms of service
disclosure policy
about us
about company & ownership
contact us


  









  















