




opal hut yowah nut boulder opals - australian outback boulder opals direct from yowah opal mining field














opal hut


 





   





 

   
yowah opal field australia 


 
 


local information 


local time and
              temperature click for full weather report 
 


sunrise sunset
                moonrise moonset 
 
 
full weather details

information on how to get to yowah 
read more >

                 

yowah	boulder & australian opal pendants & jewellery 

australian & boulder opal beads & bead jewellery 

koroit & yowah opal beads 

yowah & koroit opals 

 





australian opal catalogue opals and jewellery for sale  

a large selection of australian opals for sale including the famous yowah nut opal and queensland boulder opal. we also have a quantity of individual opal beads, both boulder opal and yowah  koroit opal beads.  solid australian boulder opal yowah nut opals and crystal opal set in sterling silver as pendants and bracelets 


yowah artesian bore baths
yowah artesian bore baths - official opening 11 am saturday 16th august 2014 
the yowah bore baths are finally here for you to enjoy. official opening on saturday 16th august. there is a moderately hot bath with the water cooled down by the running the hot water down an automatic mining hoist coupled to a race and waterfalling into the pool. water from the moderately hot bath is then diverted into the slightly cooler pool. there is a cold show to cool off in, dressing rooms and toilets with separate disabled access toilet. photos here
 


opal pendants & jewellery for sale 
sterling silver australian opal and boulder opal pendants opal bracelets and opal earring jewellery.


australian outback 
a look at the australian boulder opal field of yowah and surrounding areas of far south western queensland the yowah opal field is a small boulder opal field in the southern part of the boulder opal producing region in queensland, australia. the first mining commenced at yowah in the 1880's. you will also find useful links to information on australia in general


yowah opals 
opal is australia's national gemstone and yowah is known for its beautiful and unique yowah opal nuts - ironstone concretions (mini boulder opals) which hold opal deposits in their centres.yowah has opal of all kinds, yowah nuts, seam opal, boulder opal, pipe opal, opalised wood and opal matrix


yowah opal festival
once a year the small opal mining community of yowah australia puts on an opal festival. fun for everyone. opal collections featuring yowah nut opal  on display. opal stalls with boulder and nut opal from yowah & koroit, also opal from other australian opal fields for sale..yowah designer opal jewellery competition. breakfasts, lunch and evening meals. windlass races for all. good outback aussie fun. 


information on opal
types of australian opal and its formation including the many forms of australian boulder opal.
black boulder      opal.  this rare, very valuable queensland opal rivals lightning ridge      black opal in both the uniform darkness of its black body colour, and the contrasting      range of complete spectral hues visible in its play of colours.
crystal      boulder opal.  these transparent boulder opals owe their dark body      colour to the dark brown colour of the ferruginous sandstone or ironstone backing that may      be observed through the polished surface of the opal
light boulder      opal - light coloured translucent to opaque opal with a ferruginous sandstone      or ironstone backing.
boulder      matrix  opal - an anastomosing network of precious opal veins within      ferruginous sandstone or ironstone.
yowah nuts - small rounded      opaliferous ironstone concretions that may host either solid opal or opal matrix.


 
 


yowah designer jewellery competition 
the yowah opal festival designer jewellery competition was commenced in 1997 to help promote yowah opal in australia. photos of the winning pieces. 


yowah opal jewellery 
entries from the yowah designer jewellery competition. beautiful hand crafted jewellery featuring yowah nut opal 


australian bush poetry 
australian bush poetry by janine haig - here is a woman's view of the bush and it's people. janine is an award winning poet and has two books of bush verse - "i hope yer sheep get flyblown" and always wear clean knickers". janine's lives between eulo and yowah on a sheep property called moama.



 


all about gemstones 
all about gemstones is a diamond, colored-gemstone and jewelry   database/website that was written from a layperson's perspective, and is   designed to bridge the gap between the expert gemologist, and the   consumer. the site is designed to provide interesting information on the   subject of gemology, precious and semiprecious gemstones, diamonds,   pearls, contemporary jewelry design, jewelry fabrication, mining,   gem-cutting history, geography, and the jewellery trade.


email
please email if you need assistance or have any queries 



	 


welcome to our wonderful world of yowah nut opals 


we hope you have enjoyed visiting our web site - please recommend us to your friends  







      



 
 
 




