






		   blue diamond engineered solutions | automotive components, custom parts & industrial components	






















































  






















023 8025 8966
sales@blue-diamond.co.uk
menu















blue diamond technologies re-acquired
by original owners
 
							scroll down 
							



find out more 
 





we make things better 
							
blue diamond are the uk & europe's leading supplier of mechanical components 
							scroll down 
							
 




















automotive components


blue diamond has both the engineering skills and resources to meet the most exacting demands for quality, price and delivery.


									see more
									








custom parts


blue diamond offers a complete design, engineering and manufacturing service, to translate ideas and concepts into volume production.


									see more
									








industrial components


blue diamond offers a 1st class search and find service assisting maintenance engineers in obtaining those difficult to find parts.


									see more
									




what best describes you?



i’m a purchasing manager

as a team we’ll work with you to ensure that we provide the most competitive range of products and services available in our industry.
our attention to detail means that you can safely leave your business in our hands.


								find out more
								



i’m a technical manager

at the outset of any project, large or small, we take time to understand your requirements. each and every step is documented to help us build a clear picture of exactly what’s needed and how it functions. we have invested heavily in software, test and inspection equipment to achieve this.


								find out more
								



i’m a logistics manager

we understand the importance of forward planning when it comes to the efficient large scale transportation and storage of goods. each step of the process is monitored and recorded to ensure that timely, accurate and damage free deliveries are made time and time again.


								find out more
								



i’m a quality manager

based on our experience with many customer ‘quality audits’ we are confident that we have all necessary standards and procedures in place to meet your expectations.


								find out more
								






none of the above sound like you? no problem, whilst these are the people we most commonly work we’ve delivered solutions for all sorts of professionals so click here to let us know how we can help you

 





why blue diamond...



 


our team is built upon years of experience in the engineering and automotive after market sectors. we pride ourselves in being able to satisfy customer requirements through the application and investment in new technology.
all projects whether large or small receive the same attention to detail thus ensuring and understanding of our clients demands in order to meet delivery expectations.

							more about us
							









here are just some of the reasons why you should work with us...




								bsi certified							




								stock management							




								reverse engineering service							




								product call-off scheduling							




								on-time delivery							




								mature international logistics chain							




								packing & kitting service							




								sampling capability							




								we use approved & vetted suppliers							




								on-site support							




								bespoke/prototype manufacturing							




								full testing and inspection							




								project management							




								complete design service							




								total cost management							




								technical back-up							










how can we help you?
let us know what your requirements are and when it would be a good time to talk and one of our sales engineers will schedule a call



						open contact form
					




 





vendor managed inventory (vmi) & stockholding
we have over 30,000 square feet of computerised warehousing. your components will be held, safe, dry, tidy and can be made available the next day

							see all the benefits of vmi							










some of our satisfied customers...












































quick links
home
automotive components
custom parts
industrial components
vendor managed inventory
why blue diamond
blog
contact
terms & conditions
privacy notice
cookie policy








blue diamond technologies re-acquired by original owners
blue diamond technologies ltd is delighted to announce a return to uk ownership following its purchase, four years ago, by swedish polymer engineering


							read more
							




contact us


blue diamond technologies limited
							unit 7 mayflower close
chandler’s ford industrial estate
eastleigh
hampshire
so53 4ar						

023 8025 8966
sales@blue-diamond.co.uk

registered in england no. 01373341
v.a.t. registration no. gb 320 5098 88


























blue diamond technologies limited, copyright © 2025 | log in 
website hosted by icode systems ltd













































how can we help?





 

 










your info






what can we help you with?

automotive componentscustom partsmaintenance componentsrequest a samplegeneral enquiry




when submitting this form, you are aware of that we will process the personal data that you give us in order to facilitate your request. the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is that it is necessary in order to fulfill our legitimate interest to provide you with the subscription or un-subscription and/or information you have requested. for further details, please read our privacy notice



yes, please keep me updated on blue diamond, case studies and promotions (we don't send spam & it's easy to unsubscribe



please leave this field empty.














manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent

































