







animal genetics
































































 




 





use coupon code puppylove to save 30% off canine panels and 50% off equine panels! 

 


us
uk


























search for:


 



find tests

bird tests
dog tests
cat tests
horse tests
parentage


samples

canine collection kits
feline collection kits
canine sample collection
equine sample collection
feline sample collection


downloads

form downloads


calculator

horse calculator


 







search for:


 



order now
login


















we are
animal genetics 
							a company dedicated to providing zoos, veterinarians, breeders,
and pet owners from around the world genetic tests that are clear, accurate, and affordable. 
							our story
 


offering 300+ testsfor multiple species 
							our wide-ranging catalog includes testing for genetic disorders, traits and parentage. 
							find tests
 






most popular genetic testing service for over 30 yearsdna testingreliable and state-of-the-art testing to identify genetic traits in breeding animals and to determine the likelihood that these traits will be passed to offspring.wide range of servicestesting for color breeding potential, to genetic disease identification, and relationship testing. we offer genetic testing services for horses, dogs, cats and pigeons.fast. dependable. affordable.since 1992, animal genetics has been a pioneer in the delivery of fast, dependable, and affordable genetic testing for customers around the world.








 








dog testsview all canine serviceshorse testsview all equine servicescat testsview all feline servicesproviding you with the highest quality of genetic testing servicesour list of services has continued to expand as new methods of detecting, isolating, amplifying, and labeling genetic material are developed.what makes us so different? why choose us?since 1992, we have provided individuals around the world with innovative genetic services and the highest level of customer satisfaction. here are some organizations that trust us as their genetic testing partner.quality controlour departments are constantly looking for ways to improve all aspects of our service and provide customers with the highest level of quality control in the industry.collaboration & conservationover the years we have worked with a number of organizations and agencies on conservation projects around the world and our research department collaborates with the leading universities and research institutions world-wide.latest diagnostic techniquesdiagnostic methods include nanopor sequencing, nested pcr, qpcr, multiplex pcr, fragment analysis, capillary electrophoresis, dna sequencing, recombinant elisa, protein electrophoresis and more.publicationsour work is regularly published in recognized scientific journals like journal of molecular evolution, archives of virology, avian diseases, veterinarian diagnostic methods, elsevier and mol. phylogenet evol.





create an account today!by creating an account on our service, you can browse tests specifically compatible with your animals.sign uplogin




james chopping with love my pups

animal genetics wins hands downwe have been using animal genetics for over a decade. there are about five companies to choose from and we have used them all. animal genetics wins hands down.
1. they are the fastest with typically results in a week. some outfits take two months!!
2. their prices are as good or better than the competitors.
3. results are accurate.
what more is there to want!5.0




danny diosa with testing dogs colombia

one of the best laboratories worldwideanimal genetics, more than a service provider, has been a great ally during the time that they have provided me with their services, consolidated as one of the best laboratories worldwide, with great support and guarantee, they have made my company and my clients grow. their efficiency and speed make it number one when it comes to choosing the right laboratory to carry out the necessary genetic tests in the work of selective and responsible breeding.5.0




sherry knapp, lazy k ranch, chowchilla ca

a valued partnerfinding a 'forever horse' is no easy task, it takes a lot of time and research. at lazy k ranch, one of the ways we help our customers find just the right horse is by providing accurate and timely information. animal genetics has been a valued partner, helping us test and catalog our horse genetics for over 20 years.5.0



 










about us
faqs
contact us
locations
research
privacy policy
terms of service
 

 








             © animal genetics, inc. all rights reserved.           
















































