


college of creative arts | miami university





















































	skip to main content
	







universal utility links



















main menu























top destinations

 mymiami

 workday

 news and events

 pay my bill

 one stop

 libraries




connect





























sitewide links
























										college of creative arts
									


academics


admission


facilities


art museum


performing arts series


student resources and opportunities


news


about



























where #thrivingartists learn to do great things











        					    welcome to the college of creative arts, miami's center for a broad liberal education, intersecting with all forms of art and emerging technology to build a more innovative and beautiful tomorrow.
        					




            						learn more
            						







quick links

degree programs


admission


news and events


richard and carole cocks art museum


student resources and opportunities


performing arts series


commencement information










get inspired: create your success story in cca






















                                    
                                     
                                    
                                    





top 10
undergraduate game design program among public universities (#27 overall) | the princeton review, 2023


98%
post-graduation success rate (oxford bachelor's degree recipients, 2022-2023) | miami university data















        				        #thrivingartist 101: connect to our powerful network
        				    

to help young creatives thrive, the cca advisory board launched the #thrivingartists network, a supportive group of cca alumni nationwide. the program provides mentorship for new graduates and the ability to collaborate with powerful creative professionals in key metropolitan areas.





                					dare to dream
                					





                					request information
                					


















the latest










oxford and beyond



            											winners announced in the 2025 miami university young painters competition for the $10,000 yeck award
            											















            											see momentum: a dance and movement concert
            											















            											see william shakespeare’s a midsummer night's dream april 30-may 4
            											












student success
                         •                                                                                     alumni success
                         •                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         research and innovation



            											fourteen miami students, alumni named fulbright semifinalists
            											









        					read all news
        					






upcoming events







    					view all events
    					







 







customize your creativity
in miami’s cca, you don’t have to be conventional or predictable. you can be whatever the best version of yourself looks like. and you don’t have to focus on just one area of study. you can combine a major in the creative arts with another major (or co-major or minor) inside or outside of cca. want to start your own graphic design business? get a degree in communication design. add a co-major in arts management and entrepreneurship. open up shop.


 





            							design your own story
            							




















cca programs offer professional-level experiences through our strong relationships with community organizations and alumni. real-world learning opportunities mean actually working alongside practicing creatives in their fields.

quick links


highwire brand studio


music business nashville


the miami university art museum


digital innovation center


theatre nyc


miami university performing arts series






                					discover your potential
                					











with our own career center liaison, cca is equipped to work with you from day one of your miami experience. we’re serious about building the relationships you need to connect with high-level creatives and global learning experiences. and, when it’s time to graduate, we’re equally as serious about making sure you thrive in your professional life, at every step of your career.







                					transform your passion into a career 
                					











our focus in preparing students for global engagement—whether as practitioners, educators, creators, advocates, or patrons—means that we foster the necessary opportunities to pursue scholarly inquiry wherever it takes you. our international programs provide meaningful education and internship opportunities in visual arts, architecture, emerging technology, music, and theatre.







                					develop a worldwide perspective 
                					














contact us
college of creative arts

                                                                    104 center for performing arts
                                                                            
                                                                                                                                        420 s patterson ave.
                                                                            
                                                                                                                                        oxford, oh 45056
                                                            
cca@miamioh.edu
513-529-6010















follow the college of creative arts

  
 
 














visit
there’s a lot to say about one of america’s most beautiful campuses. find out why so many choose miami for their most memorable years.




        				schedule a visit
        				









apply
the big question is, “where will you go after college?” with a degree from miami university, the answer is, “wherever you want.”




        				apply now
        				



























