




home - inspired by nature


inspired by naturefish stockingtilapiamicrobes & biologicalspond management articlescontactwelcome to northwest ohio’s                 all natural pond management companywe’re glad you’re herenatural pond management is not difficult nor is it more expensive than conventional chemical treatments. most chemical treatments treat a symptom opposed to going directly to the root of the problem. at inspired by nature, we have discovered over many years that all ponds are similar yet unique as well. there are numerous variables that can contribute to many pond woes. what may have adverse effects on one pond may only cause a minimal effect on the neighbors pond only a few hundred feet away. our ponds are much like us, very similar in design but affected differently by various stimulus. ​​our philosophy on pond management really comes down to one thing - nutrients. the more nutrients you have available for plant and algae growth the more out of control your pond becomes. aesthetically, we'd all like a nice pristine, algae free pond with clear water. (you need to recall you are dealing with a natural ecosystem that ebbs and flows with its surroundings, reacts to weather, addition of chemicals and being out of balance.) you can achieve a balanced pond that is quite stunning and desirable using our philosophies. chemicals may get rid of nuisance plants from your line of sight but what happens to that dead debris? it simply goes to the bottom and rots up to become new nutrients for more plants and algae - exactly what you don't want to see in your pond. all that muck at the bottom of your pond is comprised of dead and decaying debris. without the use of proper bottom aeration, a good blend of microbes and debris removal, that muck sits and adds layer after layer that accumulates and eventually fills in your pond. not to mention the nutrients that are released in the water that can become more food for plant material - however, if you redirect those nutrients up the animal side of the food chain you'll decrease the available nutrients for plants and algae. natural pond management is what we do every day and we pride ourselves on helping thousands of customers over the years. many of our customers have been with us since we began and we do our best to keep them happy and continue to research and develop products that are natural, safe and affordable.nutrients are key in natural pond management. our management techniques identify nutrient problems, develop means of reducing nutrient input, and provide long term control of residual nutrients. in doing so, we are taking the excessive nutrients responsible for nuisance plant growth and converting them into more manageable plant and animal growth. using an array of tools such as beneficial microbes and bottom aeration, inspired by nature, inc. provides safe, low maintenance, and affordable solutions for your pond or lake.to inquire or order any of our products or services please contact us at419-669-4084why ibn?many of us do not think of our pond as a natural environment, for many it is simply a large hole in our yard that is filled with water. one thing a pond is not, is a pristine swimming pool, a pond is a living, thriving ecosystem that when cared for properly can be an attractive and vital asset to your property. ​water quality is an issue to all of us. you have the power to protect your fresh water resource from harmful chemicals and neglect. many pond owners use their ponds for drinking water, swimming and fishing, while others do not utilize their ponds at all but want a natural pond, free of chemicals. we can help supply knowledge, products and services for all pond owners no matter what their needs. inspired by nature, inc. has worked with thousands of customers in our area about their specific needs relating to their ponds and lakes. you see, we work with not only private homeowners but also lake associations, commercial properties and consult on numerous large scale projects involving ponds or lakes.who is inspired by nature, inc.?we are a small privately owned company located in weston, ohio. our business began in 1996 when we saw many pond owners struggling to care for water gardens, ponds and lakes. since the beginning we have strived to provide our customers with natural alternatives to care for and maintain their water resources. we constantly are investigating new technologies and seeking new products and ideas that fit within our philosophy and that are an affordable investment for our customers. what we can do for youinspired by nature, inc. can provide you with sound advice along with reliable products and services that will care for your pond naturally. we offer free seminars to pond owners several times throughout the season that are fact based, not sales pitches. our focus is on sharing knowledge and providing you with choices so that you can maintain your pond naturally or at least with minimal chemical usage. inspired by nature, inc. has worked with several suppliers to develop products that are unique to us. after 23 years we have discovered through testing and experience what works, what works ok but could be better and what simply is not effective or affordable.our products we offer several of our very own products that we have worked with developers to create for pond situations we find in our region. for many years we have offered our own unique blend of beneficial microbes and last year began offering our own mixture of enzymes and trace minerals. our custom designed aeration systems are in hundreds of ponds throughout northwest ohio, southern michigan and eastern indiana. we provide site planning and consulting for private homeowners and large development properties. in addition to site planning, aeration systems, and beneficial microbes we provide consultations, fish stocking, pond cleanouts, raking and maintenance tools.our focusour focus is helping you find the source of your pond problems. treating the symptoms is a short term fix to a long term solution. we help you get to the root of the problem and gain control of your pond.our belief is that your pond is unique just like you and our goal is to create an affordable way for you to manage your pond naturally to suit your needs.subscribestay in the know! subscribehow to find us14890 otsego pike  weston, ohio 43569we are located right at the corner of us 6 & st rt 235 (otsego pike)fish stockingtilapiamicrobes & biologicalspond management articlescontactinspired by nature© 2024 


