










the sylvia pankhurst memorial committee | the campaign for a statue to sylvia	

























skip to primary content


the sylvia pankhurst memorial committee
the campaign for a statue to sylvia





search




main menu
the statue
memorial lectures
news
about

links
bibliography


contact
donate!
 






the saga of sylvia’s statue continues…


december 2024
we send our best wishes and thanks to all patrons and sponsors of the statue for sylvia!
a brief update on yet another year of the sage of moving towards the raising of the statue for sylvia. it is two years since out of the blue we were told we needed to apply for planning permission for the statue. up to then the guidance was this would not be necessary. we entered the labyrinth! yet another hurdle in what now qualifies as a saga of sylvia’s statue. various ups and downs and eventually it was recommended that we seek professional help to assist us. this of course comes at a price – money we do not have! councillor rowena champion came to our aid – decisive, like a knife through butter, she agreed that the council would support the cost of the specialist firm faith and gould who would prepare our pre- yes, pre-planning application. we worked with cosmo phillips on why clerkenwell green is an appropriate site for sylvia. the extremely complicated aspect of the submission, detailing underground utilities and areas protected for reasons of heritage as well as professional scale drawings was all completed by cosmo. mary put it very well “the pre-planning application is wonderful. a work of art and science”. thank you cosmo.
the application was submitted and we had a site visit with persons from the council’s planning department on wednesday 20 november. we re waiting for their response.
so we now need to step up fundraising to cover the cost of patination of the statue, transportation and erecting a suitable plinth – we are working on determining, as near as possible, the specific amount. when sorted we will update our just giving page and email all the sponsors for whom we have an address. we are also looking for any possible grants etc so your ideas or suggestions will be very, very welcome.
our annual sylvia pankhurst memorial lecture was held in wortley hall, our workers stately home in august.
the theme was sylvia speaking out on racism. this proved timely following the racist riots in the summer and the rise of reform in the general election. we were pleased to welcome suki sangha, a glasgow based activist and chair of glasgow trades union council to contribute to the discussion. we benefitted from our committee member mary davis’s expertise on sylvia’s prescient anti-racism.
we were approached by a clerkenwell resident, sarah wood volunteering to help with fundraising in clerkenwell for what we hope will be the closing stages of our saga – we have grasped sarah’s offer eagerly.
we continue to benefit from the stalwart support of the clerkenwell councillors and other councillors such as mick gilgunn. we are extremely grateful for loyal friends on our lengthy journey.
continuing the campaign for the statue has been a feat of endurance. as we have said many times, sylvia never gave up and despite the many obstacles we have had to overcome, inspired by her, nor have we. your support is therefore very much appreciated. we look forward to be able to announce a date for unveiling ian walters beautiful work of art and being together to celebrate the raising of what really is a people’s statue which will speak out to inspire future generations.
very best wishes for the festive season from the sylvia pankhurst memorial committee and thanks for your ongoing support and encouragement.












					proudly powered by wordpress				






