










the wetlands institute


















































609.368.1211


membership
employment
volunteer
sponsorships
livecams
donate
shop online 
 












about us

overview

messages to our constituency
history
mission & goals


meet the staff
board of trustees
articles and publications
newsletters
latest news
sustainability
employment opportunities
volunteer opportunities
contact us


supportour efforts
education

field trip program
traveling education program
science education at sea (seas) program

cape may/wildwood


scholarship opportunities
scout groups
homeschool programs
group outreach programs

adult outreach programs


summer nature program
summer internships
osprey camera


researchand conservation

seven mile island innovation lab
wetlands health
terrapins
coastal birds
horseshoe crabs
undergraduate internship
graduate fellowship
adoption programs


events

new jersey audubon’s world series of birding
shorebird and horseshoe crab celebration days
summer celebration


visit us

contact and directions
calendar
programs and happenings
exhibits and features
virtual wetlands experience
tidepool shop
livecams
jersey island blueway


home
 





select page


  
 



 



 















weekend sciencefrom now through mid-may, join us for science at the institute. each weekend we present a new science feature, and every month there’s a new seasonal science topic to explore.
check it out!











bring the wetlands hometake a virtual tour, explore seasonal changes in the marsh, check out our at-home activities, and visit some of our aquarium creatures.
start the experience











lend a helping handmemberships connect you with the wetlands and help sustain our lifesaving work. become a member or renew today.
join in!











shop easy. shop local. shop fun.nature-themed gifts and books, unique jewelry, original artwork, and more. visit our tidepool shop in person or online.
shop now
















program calendar
there is always something exciting happening at the wetlands institute. our events calendar lists the important details, so take a look and join us for an adventure in exploration and discovery.
 








adoptions
our symbolic animal adoption programs are an ideal way to show your support for our coastal environment and all the creatures who depend on it. donations are used to fund our critical research and conservation work at the institute.








homeschool programs
join us on the third thursday of every month for a 3 hour interactive lesson. lessons begin with the autumn semester on september 19, 2024 and continue until the end of the spring semester on may 15, 2025.














donate

your support matterswhen you support us with a gift, you become a part of the crucial work being done at the wetlands institute in stone harbor, nj.  your gift – no matter the size – will help us to continue to work to safeguard the well-being of our fragile ecosystems, and reconnect people to the wonders of the natural world.









join our member community!
our members are the foundation of the wetlands institute and make it possible for us to continue contributing leading-edge advances in the environmental arena. when you purchase a membership to the wetlands institute, you not only support our mission but you also allow us to advance our impactful research, conservation and education work.
annual memberships start at $40 and provide free admission to the institute, a 10% discount on most items in our tidepool shop, and discounted rates to select special events and programs.





membership packages



purchase or renew online









 








about us
support us
education
conservation
research
visit us
terms of use
privacy policy
home
 






facebook




instagram


© 2019 the wetlands institute ® | 1075 stone harbor blvd, stone harbor, nj, 08247 | 609.368.1211 










































