









home





























 







 

 
tuesday, february 18, 2025
























 




home




  parks and facilities

  





back


  parks

  





back




parks at-a-glance






sarah colman-livengood park






c. lee kenagy park






henry c. kritser park






southwood park






minor smith park






little blue trace park












park rules






park shelters






raytown bmx track






rice tremonti farm home










  programs

  





back




youth sports






adult recreation






senior program






adult tennis












community events




  resources

  





back




links and helpful information






job opportunities

















     







 








 



mainpic

















 









			welcome to raytown parks		


raytown’s parks and recreation department is dedicated to providing the citizens of raytown with a variety of recreational facilities and programs at a reasonable cost. residents of raytown can now explore the range of benefits the city has to offer through our new web site. please visit each section of our site and find out what we have to offer you!
 
               raytown youth basketball league 2024
raytown youth basketball league was established for the purpose of providing a healthy, recreational program for boys and girls interested in basketball.  the league seeks to teach fundamental basketball skills and techniques; provide fun, enjoyment and game competition with responsible adult leadership, build minds and bodies through good clean sportsmanlike play, teach the importance of teamwork; and encourage all participants to complete what they start.
practices will be once a week (monday - thursday) starting november 6th.  coaches will notify you near the end of october with day of week, time and location of practices.  games will be on saturdays starting december 7, 14, 21, january 11, 18, 25 and february 1, 8, 15.  make-up snow date will be february 22.
registration and payment:  registration is now closed!!!
 
mission statement
the raytown parks & recreation department was established under its own board of directors for the following purposes:
 1.  to serve the residents of raytown and the general public by providing:       a.  a pleasant, safe, and well-maintained parks, recreational facilities, and equipment at a reasonable cost to the participant.       b.  a variety of recreational programs that are designed, scheduled and staffed to maximize accessibility.2.  to provide a working environment for its staff that promotes safety, open communication, and fair treatment.3.  to provide the city of raytown and it's taxpayers a department that effectively and efficiently uses its funding and resources to generate a sense of pride in the community.
non-discrimination statement
raytown parks and recreation department, an equal opportunity employer, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, genetic information, or age in its programs and activities, and provides equal access to all groups.
ada compliance
the city of raytown acknowledges its responsibility to comply with the americans with disabilities act of 1990.  thus, in order to assist individuals with disabilities who require special services (i.e. sign interpretative services, alternative audio/visual devices, and amanuenses) for participation in or access to the city of raytown sponsored public programs, services and/or meetings, the city requests that individuals make requests for these services forty-eight (48) hours ahead of the scheduled program, service and or meeting.  to make arrangements, contact raytown parks and recreation at 816-358-4100.
bids in progress
no bids at this time. 
 
contact information
for address, phone numbers and e-mail addresses see the "links & helpful information". 
  










 



parks

parks
park rules
park shelters






programs

youth sports
adult recreation
senior program
adult tennis






quick links

events
links
jobs






contact us

administrative office5912 lane, raytown, mo, 64133monday-friday 8:00 am-5:00 pmpark office- 816-358-4100rainout line - 816-545-4272e-mail: maryann@raytownparks.com







 

 




 
	copyright ©
	2019 - 	2025
			raytown parks and recreation
	



 


 










admin










