









macos sequoia - apple






















applestoremacipadiphonewatch
visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport


0+










									macos sequoia
								



local nav menu


local nav menu




overview


all new features (pdf)


ios 18


ipados 18


apple intelligence




























						macos sequoia
					
sharp as a mac.

lay out your workspace on the fly, browse the web with focus, and even mirror your iphone wirelessly. and apple intelligence helps you simplify and accelerate tasks big and small.







apple intelligence

on mac models with apple silicon, macos sequoia introduces apple intelligence, which draws on your personal context to give you intelligence that’s most helpful and relevant for you.
available now*
learn more about apple intelligence 





writing, focus, and communication.
new writing tools and language capabilities help you write, summarize longer text, and prioritize notifications.











delightful images created just for you.
create images to express yourself, craft genmoji for conversations, or revisit favorite moments with your own memory movies.











the start of a new era for siri.
with richer language understanding and awareness of your personal context, siri is more capable and helpful than ever.













continuity






use your iphone from your mac
with iphone mirroring, you can view what’s on your iphone and control it too, without having to reach for it.1














more about use your iphone from your mac




use your iphone from your mac


access your iphone anytime using the iphone mirroring app in the dock. you can fully interact with your iphone and its apps wirelessly, using your mac keyboard, trackpad, or mouse. and your iphone stays locked, so no one else can access it or see what you’re doing.









iphone notifications on mac
catch your iphone notifications right alongside your mac ones. even better, you can take action and launch straight into an app when using iphone mirroring.











seamless drag and drop between devices
move files, photos, and videos between your iphone and mac as easily as you drag and drop between apps on mac.













productivity






easy window tiling
drag windows to the edge of your screen to effortlessly arrange them into side-by-side tiles on your desktop, or place them in corners to keep even more apps in view.











tiling with keyboard and menu shortcuts





lay out your workspace on the fly.













more about tiling with keyboard and menu shortcuts




tiling with keyboard and menu shortcuts


instantly move the app you’re using to a tiled position with dedicated keyboard shortcuts. holding down the option key while dragging a window shows you a preview of all your tiling options. and the green button on the top left of each window, along with the menu bar, gives you a quick way to choose from tiling options.









presenter preview
see exactly what you’re going to share in video calling apps — your whole screen or a single app — before displaying it for everyone.











background replacements
express yourself or just hide the laundry behind you with beautiful built-in backgrounds or your own photos, while industry-leading segmentation technology helps you look your best.













safari






introducing highlights





quickly pull up relevant info from a site.2

















more about introducing highlights




introducing highlights


safari will automatically detect relevant information on a page and highlight it as you browse. highlights display helpful information like directions and quick links to learn more about people, music, movies, and tv shows.









a smarter, redesigned reader
with a table of contents and high-level summary, get the gist of an article before reading on.3











more control over web video
when safari detects a video on a page, video viewer helps you put it front and center, while still giving you full access to system playback controls.












pause
play
replay













passwords app






all your credentials in one place
from passwords to verifications and security alerts, find them all securely stored in the passwords app.














more about all your credentials in one place




all your credentials in one place


backed by secure end-to-end encryption and seamless syncing, the passwords app safely stores all your credentials. it lets you filter and sort accounts by recently created, credential type, or whether an account is in a shared group, to quickly find accounts you’re looking for.









securely synced across devices and apps



















works across mac, iphone, ipad, apple vision pro, and windows.













more about securely synced across devices and apps




securely synced across devices and apps


access the passwords app on mac, iphone, ipad, and apple vision pro, and on windows with the icloud for windows app. all the passwords sync securely across your devices, and if you use autofill, your passwords will automatically be added to the passwords app.











gaming






new and upcoming games for mac
enjoy new and upcoming titles from game developers taking full advantage of metal 3 and apple silicon to deliver smooth frame rates and high-quality visuals.




games list, row 1: prince of persia: the lost crown, frostpunk 2, dead island 2, assassins creed: shadows, valheim, resident evil 7: biohazard


prince of persia: the lost crown
frostpunk 2
dead island 2
assassins creed: shadows
valheim
resident evil 7: biohazard




games list, row 2: sniper elite 4, robocop: rogue city, world of warcraft: the war within, control, palworld, riven


sniper elite 4
robocop: rogue city
world of warcraft: the war within
control
palworld
riven






view the collection in the mac app store 






























messages






all-new ways to play with text





type with tone, flair, and feeling.










pause
play
replay















more about all-new ways to play with text




all-new ways to play with text


in addition to bold, italics, underline, and strikethrough, you can instantly add playful, animated effects to any letter, word, or phrase in imessage. or let macos suggest effects to apply as you type. whether you want to emphasize some major news, bring your emoji to life, or you’re just blown away, text effects give you new ways to visually amplify your texts. some words and phrases automatically display a suggestion, and you can also add one of the many new effects to any text.









tapback with any emoji or sticker









express yourself in more ways than ever.













more about tapback with any emoji or sticker




tapback with any emoji or sticker


now you can send a tapback with any emoji or sticker, including live stickers made from your own photos and stickers from your favorite sticker packs, and quickly access the ones you and your friends use most.









schedule a message with send later
whether it’s too late at night or too important to forget, you can now schedule a message to send at a specified time.













maps






topographic maps and trail networks
maps now features topographic maps with detailed trail networks and hikes, including all 63 u.s. national parks.4











save hikes for offline access
browse thousands of hikes that you can save to your other devices — along with any notes you want to add.5












custom walking and hiking routes





create your own routes.













more about custom walking and hiking routes




custom walking and hiking routes


create and save custom walking and hiking routes with just a few clicks. choose different route options, including “one way,” “out and back,“ or a loop.











notes






live audio transcription
record audio sessions within your note and generate live audio transcriptions you can search through or combine with other comments, checklists, or documents.6











math notes
crunch numbers, evaluate expressions, and assign variables — right from notes.7 the app solves expressions inline as soon as you type an equals sign.8














more about math notes




math notes


in addition to basic math, math notes can solve all the same functions as the scientific calculator. you can even assign variables, use them in equations, and then adjust them to see how they affect your results. and you can save your math notes to revisit anytime.









collapsible sections
simplify and hide text with collapsible section headers, making it easy to manage your most text-heavy notes.











highlighting




make text stand out with color.














more about highlighting




highlighting


with the new highlight style feature, it’s easier to quickly mark up your notes and make text stand out.











airpods






hands-free siri interactions





say yes with a nod, or no with a shake.

















more about hands-free siri interactions




hands-free siri interactions


with siri interactions on airpods pro 2, you’ll have the ability to simply nod your head yes or gently shake your head no to respond to siri.9 so if you’re on the bus to work or at home while the baby is sleeping, you can keep siri working in the background without having to speak out loud.









voice isolation on airpods pro
sound crystal clear on calls, even in windy conditions or areas with loud background noise, through advanced computational audio.











personalized spatial audio for gaming
the same immersive experience that has transformed music and movies puts you right in the middle of the action of your favorite games.10














more about personalized spatial audio for gaming




personalized spatial audio for gaming


game developers are already using the new api to bring this experience to games with advanced sound design. in addition, voice quality improvements for in-game chat and streaming deliver 16-bit, 48khz audio and support for dynamic head tracking. and airpods pro now deliver our best wireless audio latency ever for mobile gaming, giving you even more of an edge.11











and so much more.





calculator.
updated basic and scientific calculators introduce new tools like history and unit conversions. you can also enter and continue to view complete expressions with parentheses, trigonometry, and multiple operations before hitting equals for the final answer.





calendar.
create, view, edit, and complete reminders from the reminders app right in calendar.





freeform.
scenes let you organize and present your board section by section. send a copy of your board to anyone with just a link. an improved diagramming mode makes it easier to form connections on your canvas. align your board content just the way you like by snapping items to the grid. and easily pan around your board by clicking and dragging the canvas while pressing the spacebar.





photos.
collections automatically organize your library by helpful topics in the sidebar, like days, trips, people and pets, and featured photos.





weather.
the feels like temperature appears prominently near the actual temperature when they differ significantly. you can also add your home and work locations from contacts to your list of locations in the weather app.





home app.
with guest access you can manage how and when people can enter your home.12 add robot vacuum cleaners to the home app, including in scenes, automations, and siri requests.13 and easily access and understand your home electricity use with new electricity usage and rates features.14





privacy.
an improved privacy and security settings menu makes it easier to manage how much information you’re sharing with apps.










macos sequoia is compatible with these devices.
learn more about mac



imac 2019 and laterlearn more
imac pro 2017 and laterlearn more
mac studio 2022 and laterlearn more
macbook air 2020 and laterlearn more
mac mini 2018 and laterlearn more
macbook pro 2018 and laterlearn more
mac pro 2019 and laterlearn more







developers will love macos sequoia, too.

learn more about developing for macos 







apple footer


*
						apple intelligence is available in beta on all iphone 16 models, iphone 15 pro, iphone 15 pro max, ipad mini (a17 pro), and ipad and mac models with m1 and later, with siri and device language set to english (australia, canada, ireland, new zealand, south africa, uk, or u.s.), as part of an ios 18, ipados 18, and macos sequoia software update. additional features and languages will be available in april, with more languages coming over the course of the year. languages supported in 2025 include chinese, english (india, singapore), french, german, italian, japanese, korean, portuguese, spanish, and vietnamese.
					


available on mac computers with apple silicon and intel-based mac computers with a t2 security chip. requires that your iphone and mac are signed in with the same apple account using two-factor authentication, your iphone and mac are near each other and have bluetooth and wi-fi turned on, and your mac is not using airplay or sidecar. some iphone features (e.g., camera and microphone) are not compatible with iphone mirroring.
available in english (u.s.).
available in english (u.s.) and in the united states.
available in the united states and japan.
available in the united states.
available on mac computers with apple silicon in english (australia), english (canada), english (ireland), english (new zealand), english (south africa), english (uk), and english (u.s.).
available with variables created using the latin alphabet.
available for math written using western arabic numerals and common mathematical symbols, or typed using arabic (eastern & western) and devanagari numerals and common mathematical symbols.
available on compatible devices running ios 18, ipados 18, or macos sequoia and later when paired with airpods 4, airpods 4 with active noise cancellation, or airpods pro 2 with the latest firmware.
available on airpods 4, airpods 4 with active noise cancellation, airpods pro 2, and airpods max.
available on airpods pro 2.
available with a home hub, such as apple tv or homepod. setting a schedule for guest access via hands-free unlock with home keys, tap to unlock with home keys, or pin codes requires a matter lock that support schedules.
robot vacuum support coming in an update.
eligible users include pacific gas and electric company customers who have residential electrical service, including areas served by community choice aggregators. users must be the utility account owner or authorized user of the utility account.


microsoft excel requires a subscription to microsoft 365.
control, dead island 2, palworld, robocop: rogue city, and sniper elite 4 coming to mac later this year.
features are subject to change. some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages.





apple






macos



macos sequoia









shop and learn

shop and learn




store
mac
ipad
iphone
watch
vision
airpods
tv & home
airtag
accessories
gift cards




apple wallet

apple wallet




wallet
apple card
apple pay
apple cash






account

account




manage your apple account
apple store account
icloud.com




entertainment

entertainment




apple one
apple tv+
apple music
apple arcade
apple fitness+
apple news+
apple podcasts
apple books
app store






apple store

apple store




find a store
genius bar
today at apple
group reservations
apple camp
apple store app
certified refurbished
apple trade in
financing
carrier deals at apple
order status
shopping help






for business

for business




apple and business
shop for business




for education

for education




apple and education
shop for k-12
shop for college




for healthcare

for healthcare




apple in healthcare
mac in healthcare
health on apple watch
health records on iphone and ipad




for government

for government




shop for government
shop for veterans and military






apple values

apple values




accessibility
education
environment
inclusion and diversity
privacy
racial equity and justice
supply chain




about apple

about apple




newsroom
apple leadership
career opportunities
investors
ethics & compliance
events
contact apple






			more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.


united states


copyright ©
				
				2025
				 apple inc. all rights reserved.
			


privacy policy


terms of use


sales and refunds


legal


site map













