






















golf course in maryland | public golf courses in montgomery county, washington d.c., frederick, gaithersburg, md | mcg






































































 








courses
falls roadhampshire greenslaytonsvillelittle bennettneedwoodnorthwestgolf at the crossvinesrattlewoodsligo creekall mcg golf courses play
book a tee timemcg cart pricingfamily golfeventsevent calendarplayers club
little bennett player's clubneedwood player's clubgolf at the crossvines players clubgolf academy shop
discount programs 2025gift cardsabout
mcracontactmy accountgolf outing packagesget updatesemploymentjobs 

























book online tee times








 




























































summer camps

unleash your child's inner golfer with the mcg academy's summer golf camps in maryland!
these popular camps, known for their safety and fun environment, are the perfect opportunity for juniors to learn the game of golf and discover a potentially lifelong passion
book now






junior coaching programs

unlock your child's full potential with our top-rated weekly junior golf coaching programs in maryland, led by either pga professionals, mgc certified instructors, or mcg academy instructors!
book now






adult group program

join our adult group golf programs and learn the fundamentals of the game with a group of fellow new golfers or take your game to the next level with our advanced classes. our beginner-friendly classes cover the basics of the golf swing and answer all of your golf-related questions, giving you a solid foundation to start your golf journey.
book now












customer testimonials





   “as a very new golfer this class was great.
i met new people and more importantly, learned some techniques that made me more comfortable and confident!”

dawn g



   “i’m hooked. as a new golfer, i found the classes fun and packed with the information i needed to get started. i’ve been making my rounds to all the montgomery county courses. i particularly like sligo on friday afternoons/evenings.” 

donna m



   “great teachers and facilities.” 

jim c



   “great staff. friendly atmosphere.” 

michael w



















email sign-up

upcoming events



20feb

mcg academy 2025 programs - registration beginsthu. february, 20 





18mar

saint patricks daytue. march, 18 





31oct

halloweenfri. october, 31 





25dec

christmasthu. december, 25 





01jan

new year's evethu. january,  1 





18mar

saint patricks daywed. march, 18 




view full calendar












welcome to mcg
conveniently located to the washington dc and baltimore metro areas, mcg and our nine public golf course facilities are available to fit your every need. enjoy superb playing surfaces that feature immaculate greens, fairways and tees. the collection of diverse golf courses caters to the true beginner to the seasoned pro and everyone in between. our goal is to create an exceptional guest and member experience by providing premier playing conditions, consistency and unsurpassed customer service. we strive to exceed your expectations with each and every mcg experience.
whether it is golf instruction from our mcg academy, public or private golf leagues, corporate, charity or run tournaments and events, equipment and apparel from our fully stocked golf shops, golf driving ranges, short game practice facilities or social gatherings, mcg truly is your home for everything golf.
























    


© 2022 mcg corporate office | contact us | site map | designed and hosted by 121 marketing 





close 







home








tee times








events








contact







courses
falls roadhampshire greenslaytonsvillelittle bennettneedwoodnorthwestgolf at the crossvinesrattlewoodsligo creekall mcg golf courses play
book a tee timemcg cart pricingfamily golfeventsevent calendarplayers club
little bennett player's clubneedwood player's clubgolf at the crossvines players clubgolf academy shop
discount programs 2025gift cardsabout
mcracontactmy accountgolf outing packagesget updatesemploymentjobs







×





 





