buenos aires hotels: find buenos aires hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactbuenos aires hotels - homepageespañoladd your hotel area hotel rates group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > central - south america > buenos aires homepagebuenos aires hotelshotel posts“luxury buenos aires hotel marriott”“the marriott plaza buenos aires hotel in argentina offers luxury accommodations overlooki…”posted by: marriott plaza hotel buenos aires“city hotel at great rates”“the hotel offers two room types, classic and superior, the latter have air conditioning /…”posted by: hotel rey buenos aires“elegant parisian style”“charcas building is an elegant parisian-style hotel overlooking the central square of san…”posted by: edificio charcashotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“horrible hotel”private member, cordoba - “the rooms are horrible and dirty and the personal of t…”said about: apart recoleta“a home from home in san telmo”member, sheila buckfield, london - “felt i was amongst people who stay in b.a., m…”said about: el sol de san telmo“buses are gone!!!”maria , buenos aires - “i moved back from montreal to argentina more than a year …”said about: el sol de san telmoreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool")
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for buenos aires, argentina!

cosmopolitan buenos aires, birthplace of the tango and among south america's most important cities, ranks as argentina's commercial, cultural and financial hub, with excellent hotels and other lodging accommodations, plus world-class museums, theaters and restaurants. virtually rebuilt since 1900 with few of its oldest buildings remaining, affluent buenos aires nevertheless has retained its historic city center layout. in the sprawling city's heart, just as in early days, lies plaza de mayo, with the historic town hall where plots were first hatched for independence from spain. visitors find buenos aires ideal for strolling, people watching, and participating alongside locals with extended coffee klatches. in buenos aires, dining occurs later in the evening, say around 10 p.m., both at home and within the city's many intriguing restaurants. one popular meal for carnivores is  "parrillada," a mixed grill of steak and other cuts prepared over charcoal or a woodfire and accompanied by chimichurri, a marinade served with salads or fried potatoes. other restaurants convenient to hotels and other lodging accommodations cater to vegetarian and macrobiotic tastes, and an overall variety of establishments, including italian, french, chinese and armenian, cover a range of fare from sophisticated to fast food. lodging options for visitors to buenos aires range from exclusive hotels in the upscale recoleta district to  budget accommodations in the monserrat neighborhood. numerous hotels in the microcenter range from modest to more expensive.

we have organized our listings of buenos aires' local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater buenos aires area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.






browse hotels by location:
·downtown buenos aires
hotels in the downtown area, in the center of buenos aires, including the barrios of caballito, capital federal, congreso and villa devoto.

·belgrano
hotels in the tree-lined residential barrio of belgrano.

·palermo
hotels in the large barrio of palermo, which includes natural park areas as well as residential neighborhoods, with the artistic community of palmermo hollywood (old palermo) at its center.

·greater buenos aires
hotel options in other barrios within the buenos aires city limits, including la boca, las cañitas, nuñez, plaza san martin and others.

·recoleta
hotels in the cultural center of buenos aires, near european style cafes and the best shopping in town.

·retiro
hotel options in the barrio of retiro, transportation hub to all points in the city and surrounding communities, and center for many high tech office buildings.

·san telmo
hotel options in the barrio of san telmo, filled with historic architecture and antique shops.

browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide buenos aires home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: the constant breeze from the rio de la plata has given buenos aires its name.  the international dialing code for argentina is 54. the city code for buenos aires is 1. 
« top of pageother links:smart highway daynational metaverse daylima hotelsrio de janeiro hotelssantiago hotelssao paulo hotelsother versions:buenos aires guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > central - south america > buenos aires homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the buenos aires hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide buenos aires are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguidediningguidehotelguidecruiseguideattractionguide
buenos aires hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesapart hotel pascopark central kempinski hotelintercontinental hotel buenos airescristoforo colombo suitesgolf tower suites & apartments1555 malabia house2&3 apartments recoletagran viahotel lyonmayflower suiteskrista hotel boutiquemansilla 3935 b&belefante rosa hostelpetit recoleta hostelrugantino hotelhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





