
















curliegirl








































































curliegirl






























































































sunday, november 11, 2012







the fitness benefits of jogging







jogging is considered to be the sixth most prominent and popular sport in america. jogging around your neighborhood is the perfect way to ditch a sedentary life and start an active one. it is a perfect form of workout for beginners because it requires no equipment. many individuals are worried about the long-term health hazards on the joints, knees and hips as the consequence of running. these risks can be minimized by wearing good running shoes, therefore the benefits outweighing any risks associated with health.





physical benefits of jogging:

· jogging is excellent for your health. it is a great cardiovascular exercise in which all the muscles of the body are employed which results in the toning of all the muscles. it increases the bone density of legs, hips and back.

· it is a vigorous workout and it yields many health benefits which include a decrease in high blood pressure and coronary exercise, lowering of cholesterol levels and burning of body fat especially around the abdomen and thighs.

· jogging strengthens the heart and the lungs and enhances the circulation of the blood which is vital for overall fitness.

· jogging alleviates the problems linked with the digestive system by speeding up the rate of metabolism. the calorie burning process is accelerated making it easier to lose weight. many people are now becoming aware of jogging being the ultimate exercise to lose the stubborn belly fat.

· jogging also aids combat with insomnia. when you exercise, your sleep is more peaceful and restful because jogging involves physical fatigue.

· jogging dissipates lethargy and you don't have to be worried about or feel guilty when your meal portions are large or when you want to snack on your favorite treats.

· jogging makes you look and feel younger by preventing the decline of bones and muscles related to the age factor.

· jogging enhances the immune system thereby reducing the risks of diseases like cancer, heart disease and osteoporosis.

the psychological advantages of jogging:

the benefits of jogging are not limited to physical level but extend to psychological level too. these are:

· jogging gives you a boost of vigor and increases your vitality. you are filled up with boundless energy and vivacity. jogging raises your confidence and you start loving your body and yourself. moreover weight loss achieved from jogging is a great motivator.

· when you are jogging you feel free and happy. your mind gets time to unclutter and solve life's riddles and problems. your anger and aggression fades away and your mind ditches the depression ad stress because jogging releases the happy hormones called endorphins which are responsible for uplifting you mind, packing way the stress and providing you with the sensations of exhilaration and gladness.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




label:
the fitness benefits of jogging











thursday, november 8, 2012







why 6-pack abs aren't a realistic goal for most people







6-pack abs, ripped, shredded, washboard abs - the fitness media is full of terms like these to describe abdominal muscles that stand out in stark relief. yet sporting 6-packs is seldom what people think - and definitely not a realistic goal for most people outside of fitness models or bodybuilders preparing for a competition.



first, let's look at the truth about the people you see with shredded abs year-round. in most cases, it didn't take a lot of work to get those amazing-looking abs - they're most-commonly seen on people whose genetics blessed them with few, if any, fat cells on their midsection.

you see, everyone has ab muscles, and fairly well developed ones at that. you use your abdominal muscles in almost everything you do each day. they just aren't as obvious on some people because of the thin, or not so thin, layer of bodyfat that covers them. if you're one of the lucky ones that carries your bodyfat elsewhere, you'll sport that washboard any time you're not overeating.

for most people, though, eating little enough to show off a great midsection will run the risk of health complications if you try to maintain an extremely low bodyfat level year-round. even those shredded bodybuilders you see in the mags and on stage don't stay that way year-round - they follow a strict and somewhat severe diet for 6 - 12 weeks prior to competing to get rid of bodyfat and use diuretics to drain their body of any surplus water as the big day approaches.

the same is true for the cover shoots for fitness and bodybuilding magazines - either a shot is used from the last time that athlete was prepared to compete, or they spend as much as a month preparing for that shot using training and diet to give them that look - and again, just for that shoot.

staying ripped year-round would leave you feeling lethargic and tired at all times, inhibit your muscle- & strength-building progress, and could lead to more serious health issues. remember that every organ in the body has some fat content, and that your body uses some of its fat stores to protect your inner organs. depriving it of the nutrients it needs will also affect everything from your skin tone to your hair - to say nothing of the hormonal imbalances and their effects on your state of wellness.

a better solution for most people is to keep your stomach area strong by working your abdominals regularly and aiming to maintain a healthy overall bodyfat level. for most fit people, that will give you a fairly flat stomach that leads up to the swell of your chest - a highly desirable body image in its own right.

it's important to keep your abs strong at all times anyway, both because of all the daily activity and to help counterbalance your lower back muscles and their pull on your spine and hips. one of the keys to avoiding, or minimizing, lower back pain as you get older is being sure to keep your abs and hamstrings as strong as your quadriceps (thigh muscles) and lower back muscles to keep the forces on your hips and spine in balance.

by now you probably already know that you can't 'spot reduce' your bodyfat - that is, it will come off fairly evenly over your entire body. so trying to burn off just stomach fat or diet off just belly fat simply can't be done. it's necessary to reduce your overall bodyfat to start seeing any ab development, and that takes both a low-carb diet and a full exercise regimen.

there is good news, though... you can build an impressive mid-section even if you don't go to the extent of being totally ripped & shredded. a healthy, portion-controlled diet coupled with a workout routine designed to build bigger ab muscles can let you sport a belly to be proud of during the summer bikini season if you have the discipline to stay with it for a few months or more each year. for best results, consult a certified personal trainer for your workout plans and a certified nutritionist for an effective but safe diet regimen to follow.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




label:
why 6-pack abs aren't a realistic goal for most people











monday, november 5, 2012







tai chi: the roots, purpose and techniques of an ancient art







the exact beginnings of tai chi cannot be traced back to a particular person or year; rather, the art developed over the course of 2,500 years. the earliest form of this exercise dates back during the reign of king gou jian of yue (an area consisting of present day shanghai, northern zhejiang and southern jiangsu) from 496 - 465 b.c. during this period, records mention an art called nei chia, which emphasized body movements, breathing and posture to harmonize a body's internal and physical energy. over the ensuring centuries, nei chia continued to evolve, eventually branching out to create a number of different art forms. one of these art forms was tai chi.



there are two theories as to who was the first person to practice tai chi. the first theory contends that a man named chang-san feng developed tai chi over 600 years ago on china's wu-tang mountain. the second theory argues that chen wan-ting was the first person to practice the art around the year 1540. according to this version of events, ting kept the practice a closely guarded secret among himself and his followers. the second explanation is generally the more accepted of the two theories by researchers.

tai chi is believed to have been kept isolated to ting's village until the end of the eighteenth century, when a student named yang spread the practice all across mainland china. as the art began to gain followers through the country, five schools began to emerge as the most popular teachers of the art. these schools were known as wu, chen, yang, sun and wu/hao. the wu school developed its exercises between 1812 and 1880, whereas the sun style was developed between 1861 and 1932. tai chi was finally introduced to the west in the 1960s and 1970s.

purpose of tai chi

the purpose of tai chi is fairly simple to understand. according to traditional chinese belief, a form of external energy called qi runs throughout the body. inside the body are also forces known as yin and yang, which much be evenly balanced with each other to maintain good health. when qi cannot reach certain areas of the body, the yin and yang forces will be thrown off kilter, and the afflicted body parts will fall ill with disease. the art form was designed to strengthen qi, allowing it to flow undisrupted through the practitioner. when qi is able travel freely through the body, the harmony between the yin and yang forces will be restored.

health benefits

tai chi has a number of proven benefits for both your mental and physical health. researchers have found that it can help treat the following afflictions:



• anxiety 

• joint stiffness 

• arthritis 

• muscle tension 

• balance 

• poor posture 

• coordination 

• stress 

• fatigue


tai chi has rich history, and can prove especially useful for improving your health and overall well-being. by learning and practicing this ancient art, you can take meaningful steps toward developing bodily strength and acquiring peace of mind.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




label:
purpose and techniques of an ancient art,
tai chi: the roots











saturday, november 3, 2012







deciding to inform off-spring of donor conception







should i tell my child that they were conceived through ivf with the help of an egg donor? will they be upset that we don't share dna? is it essential for my child's future health to have access to their egg donor's medical files? will my family think differently of my child if they know they were donor-conceived? these are all questions that could potentially run through the minds of parent's who conceived a child through ivf, with the help of an egg donor. the debate on whether or not to tell the donor-conceived child the origin of part of their dna is a hotly debated issue, and a very important one. some key points in this debates are whether or not the child needs to know this information for future health reasons, whether or not it is fair and psychologically healthy to keep this information from the child, and whether or not the child should be allowed to have access to the identity of their egg donor.



it is important for all humans to know if they are potentially at risk for certain health problems. this information can give them the chance to take precautionary measures in their life to help prevent the onset of these health issues. for example, if an egg donor's mother had heart disease the donor-conceived child would have an increased risk of heart disease in their future. if the donor-conceived child was aware of this information they could make sure to have regular check-ups, eat a healthy diet, and exercise regularly. it is possibly for the child to learn the medical history of their egg donor without the donor's identity being revealed.

humans have a fundamental interest in knowing their biological origins. it is natural for a child to want to know what dna they came from. if parent's decide to disclose the use of an egg donor to their donor-conceived child they can give a physical description of the donor, such as eye color, hair color, body type, height, ethnicity, etc., without disclosing the donor's actual identity. it is every parent's choice whether or not to disclose this information to their child but keeping a secret this large could potentially cause great strain on family relationships. studies have shown that most children who know they were donor-conceived are very well adjusted and that it is best to have this talk with children as soon as they're old enough to understand.

although some donor-conceived children and their parent's may have the desire to meet their egg donor it is not their choice alone. the egg donor must be comfortable and willing to meet the family. there are some cases where the donor legally agrees before donation to have her identity known to the intended parent's and possible children conceived through the donation, but most donations are anonymous. egg donor's have the desire to help intended parent's fulfill their dream of becoming parent's but most feel uncomfortable having their identities known. if all donors were required to let their identities be known to intended parent's, and the possible children that could result from the donation, there would more than likely be large drop in the number of egg donors. intended parent's should think about whether or not they will want to know the identity of their egg donor, and whether or not they will want their donor-conceived child to have access to this information, before they enter into a legal contract with a donor.

the decision of whether or not to inform donor-conceived children of their biological origins is a big decision that should be well thought out. every parent will have their own opinion on what information they should disclose to their children. above all else parents should keep the well being of their children and the legal right's and privacy of their egg donor in mind.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




label:
deciding to inform off-spring of donor conception











thursday, november 1, 2012







how fish oil pills benefit your health







fish like tuna, salmon, sardines etc. are not only loved for their taste but they also contain rich fish oil called omega 3 fatty acids. this kind of oil has important properties which can be used for solving a number of health related issues.

researchers all over the world have found the following benefits of omega 3 fatty acids pills:

1. reduces the risk of heart disease: specialists suggest that people with heart problems should take 2-4 gram of omega 3 in either the form of dietary fish intake or oral pills every day. the pills can help reduce various problems like risk of heart attack, risk of abnormal heart beat and risk of stroke to those suffering from such problems.

2. lowering of triglyceride levels: triglycerides are main form of fat stored in the body which are used to provide energy. but when a body has high triglyceride levels, there are high chances of that person to contract heart diseases and diabetes. hence, it is important to maintain a certain level of triglycerides. fish oil pills can help reduce the level by almost half of the amount as stored in the body.

3. relieves pain during menstrual cycle: some women endure a lot of pain during their periods. the intensity of pain differs from individual to individual. omega 3 fish oil pill helps alleviate stomach pain, back pain and tends to improve the overall condition. it also reduces the need to intake other pain relieving drugs.

4. prevention of mental illness: researches have shown that intake of omega 3 fish oil pill prevents the development of any psychotic illness in one's mind. it can also be used for treating those suffering from bipolar disorders and is depressed.

5. asthma: fish oil when taken by pregnant women reduces the risk of asthma in the infants. it has the properties of improving airflow, reducing cough and lowering the need for medication. in case you are pregnant and have respiratory problems, you can consult your doctor regarding these supplements.

apart from this, omega 3 pills also help in preventing cancer, alzheimer's disease, hyperactivity, dyspraxia in children, miscarriage in women and whole lot of other risks. people tend to notice a higher memory span after consuming fish oil pills. all these researches are backed by scientific proof and proper study in order to show the best benefits of omega 3 fish oil pills.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




label:
how fish oil pills benefit your health











sunday, october 7, 2012







pharmacy technician salary information







pharmacy technicians work under the supervision of a licensed pharmacist and help pharmacists distribute medicines. this involves taking information and filling up a prescription, counting tablets and measuring other prescription medicines, mixing medications and preparing creams or ointments, and prepares various other intravenous medications.



thus, the role of a pharmacy technician is as important as other jobs in the medical field. considering the tasks and responsibilities of a pharmacy technician, how much salary does one make in a year?



for those who are just beginning with their career as pharmacy technician, the salary can start at $7-$8 an hour, while those who have longer years of experience in the field can earn up to $13-$15 per hour. roughly, that is $26,000-$29,000 annually.



factors affecting compensation



various factors help determine the salary of a medical practitioner such as location of practice, industry, years of service, and credentials considering that there are also technicians who earn up to $40,000 per year.



salary according to state



according to studies, average rate for pharmacy technicians is from $12-$16 per hour, and among the highest paying states are:



- alaska - $18.75 per hour ($39,100 per annum) 

- washington, california, and district of columbia - $18.50 per hour ($38,500 per annum) 

- hawaii - $17.00 per hour ($35,300 per annum) 

- oregon and nevada - $16.50 per hour ($34,300 per annum) 

- wyoming and connecticut - $16 per hour ($33,500 per annum)



on the other hand, following are states that pay the least for pharmacy technicians:



- puerto rico - $9.60 per hour ($20,000 per annum) 

- west virginia - $11.90 per hour ($24,900 per annum) 

- mississippi, alabama, and kentucky - $12.20 per hour ($25,300 per annum) 

- virgin islands, arkansas, and oklahoma - $12.40 per hour ($25,800 per annum) 

- ohio - $12.90 per hour - ($26,800 per annum)



even though the above states pay lower than most other states, one thing that must be taken into account as well is that the above states have lower cost of living, thus, the per hour rates are still competitive especially after taxes and other fees have already been deducted.



salary according to industry



on the average, those who found employment in hospitals are said to receive higher pay than those working in pharmacies and drugstores.



- hospital - $32,500 

- grocery stores - $28,800 

- pharmacies and drug stores - $27,000 

- department stores (drugstores in malls) - $25,800 

- other stores - $25,400



other factors



as mentioned earlier, experience and credentials also determine the salary of practitioners. on the average, pharmacy technicians who have 3-7 years of experience can enjoy additional 10% salary increase per year, while those technicians who pass their certification can earn a one-time additional 10% increase on top of the regular salary. these are just a few of the reasons on how a pharmacy technician can earn up to $60,000 annually.



employment prospects



according to the us bureau of labor statistics, career prospects for these health professionals is positive and is expected to experience job growth by 32% of its current population of 335,000 practitioners until 2020 - that is about 110,000 job openings for pharmacy technicians.



therefore, now is the best time to decide whether this is the best job for prospective students or professionals who want a career change.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




label:
pharmacy technician salary information











saturday, october 6, 2012







medical assistant job description and salary information







because of the government's thrust in improving the quality of services accorded to citizens, the need for more people working in the medical industry is ever growing. aside from this, with people becoming more conscious about their health and the number of people getting sick, the requirement for additional medical assistants to help doctors manage their work is increasing.



so, what are the main duties and responsibilities of these health professionals?



job description



typically, assistants aide physicians in various tasks that include front office, administrative, and clinical responsibilities.



front desk tasks. the assistant is the first person a patient sees during doctor's appointments. they welcome patients and hand out registration forms for them to fill out. in cases when a patient is required to come back for a routine check-up, the assistant arranges the patient's appointment depending on the doctor's availability. aside from scheduling appointments, the assistant also answers phone calls and performs other data entry tasks.



administrative tasks. a medical assistant is also expected to perform clerical tasks that involve organizing all patient medical documents and records, coordinating with insurance companies, responding to billing concerns, recording all information about supplies and equipment purchased, and maintenance of the clinic's financial records and other accounting tasks.



clinical tasks. aside from clerical responsibilities, assistants may also be required to perform some clinical duties that include application or changing dressings, collection of urine samples to be sent for diagnosis, and observing patient's health (if working in a hospital) and reporting the results to the physician.



required educational background 

the minimal educational requirement to get into an medical assisting program is a high school diploma. programs for this type of job are available in vocational schools, community colleges, technical schools, and universities, and can be completed within a period of one year. these certificate courses can lead to an associate's degree in medical assisting, offered and can be completed within two years.



although graduating from caahep (commission on accreditation of allied health education program) accredited programs or school is not mandatory, still there are states that prefer graduates from reputable and accredited schools.



in addition, these health professionals are not required to undergo any licensing tests to begin working in hospitals or clinics although there are recognized certifications for medical assistants, including certified medical assistant (cma), certified clinical medical assistant (ccma), national certified medical assistant (ncma), and registered medical assistant (rma). passing these any of these certification exams, although not a prerequisite, strengthens an applicant's chances of being hired as it shows one's dedication and expertise on his chosen field.



pay rate 

when it comes to salary, medical aides generally receive from $20,000-$40,000 per year depending on experience. for those who are just starting their career, salary could even be lower than $20,000, while those who have been working in this capacity for years and with more complex responsibilities can command up to $50,000 annually.



with this knowledge in hand, prospective students and career shifters can now make a decision whether this career is for them or not.


















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




label:
medical assistant job description and salary information













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2012

(24)





        ▼ 
      



november

(5)

the fitness benefits of jogging
why 6-pack abs aren't a realistic goal for most pe...
tai chi: the roots, purpose and techniques of an a...
deciding to inform off-spring of donor conception
how fish oil pills benefit your health








        ► 
      



october

(6)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(4)






























































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























