mount maunganui apartments | the anchorage book   home  apartments  one bedroom   two bedroom   studio   book now  facilities  the mount  experience  contact your mount maunganui apartment style accommodationwelcome to the anchorageapartment accommodation, mount maunganuianchor yourself in the heart of mount maunganui ideal location nestled in the heart of the downtown mount maunganui, the anchorage apartments offer superior apartment accommodation and a full range of in-room and on-site facilities. many accommodation rooms also offer stunning views of mount maunganui and picturesque pilot bay. find usapartment style accommodation our one bedroom apartments, two bedroom apartments and studio apartments are all fully furnished and feature complete kitchens and laundry facilities. whether you’re travelling alone, as a couple or with a family, our mount maunganui accommodation offers the ultimate home away from home. viewplenty to see and do the anchorage apartments is just a 2 minute walk from the sheltered waters of pilot bay – perfect for swimming and kayaking and just a 5 minute walk from the main surf beach and the mount hot pools. you’ll also find a great selection of cafes, restaurants, bars and shops all just around the corner. discoverapartments each and every apartment in at the anchorage, mount maunganui is fully self-contained. enjoy the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, with a full-size fridge / freezer, microwave and a full range of pots, pans, plates, utensils and cooking implements. you’ll also love the practicality of your own in-room clothes washer and dryer. one bedroom, two bedroom and studio apartments are available.the anchorage apartments is a pet-free zone.one bedroom apartmentsone bedroom apartments at the anchorage offer the perfect self-contained accommodation during your stay in the beautiful seaside town of mount maunganui.read moretwo bedroom apartmentsthe anchorage's spacious two bedroom apartments offer the complete home away from home accommodation in central mount maunganui.read morestudio apartmentsstudio apartments at the anchorage, offer ideal compact accommodation close to pilot bay, mount maunganui.read morelonger staysthe anchorage, mount maunganui, specialises in longer stays to visitors to the bay of plentyread morecelebrate together special occasion packagesbooking for a special occasion? life’s milestones are worth celebrating with those closest. if you’re booking for a special occasion, let us know and we can offer a package that’s tailored to you and your tribe.see options we have stayed at the anchorage many times over the years as it’s fantastic. the location is the best, the rooms spacious and comfortable. this last stay was the absolute best with a 2 bedroom apartment on the 4th floor. it was big, extremely clean with very nice furniture. the location couldn’t be better, one small block away from all the restaurants, beach and amenities. off street parking, washing machine and dryer etc.annenberg - wrote a review june 2020we have stayed at the anchorage many times over the years as it’s fantastic. the location is the best, the rooms spacious and comfortable. this last stay was the absolute best with a 2 bedroom apartment on the 4th floor. it was big, extremely clean with very nice furniture. the location couldn’t be better, one small block away from all the restaurants, beach and amenities. off street parking, washing machine and dryer etc.annenberg 2 - wrote a review june 2020 facilities professional and quiet, the anchorage is a full service property, making it the ideal choice for holidays, weekend breaks, corporate stopovers and longer stays in mount maunganui.view allon-site parkingsecurity is assured at our mount maunganui apartments, with secure (free) underground car parking and bike racks. you’ll find that our central mount maunganui location reduces the need for a car during your stay with us, meaning a safe place to secure your vehicle is paramount.read moregym & saunawhen the weather is cold or wet, the anchorage gym is your ideal facility for a full workout. spacious and un-crowded, our mount maunganui accommodation’s gym complex is open 7 days a week.read moreconferencesif you’re planning a conference in mount maunganui and want to be in a convenient, central location, the anchorage has an excellent relationship with the mount ocean sports club.read morediscover mount maunganui with some of the country’s most beautiful coastline, rolling surf beaches, protected bays and lush forests, it’s easy to see why mount maunganui and the bay of plenty are so popular.see things to do   no ibe set no phone set receive our newsdon't miss a thing.sign up and receive news and updates.location36 victoria road, mount maunganui, bay of plenty 3116 directions contact us phone  freephone  email us © copyright 2025. all rights reserved.client login