






choose nissan | kama'aina nissan | hilo, hawaii 96720









































































































































471 kalanianaole street, hilo, hi 96720



sales: 1-888-526-2694service: 1-888-517-3225parts: 1-888-494-0781text us: 1-808-400-6914











home
new

search all new nissan inventory
search kama'aina inventory
search kona inventory
specials
vehicle info pages

nissan ariya
nissan frontier
nissan rogue
nissan sentra
nissan leaf


why purchase from us
value your trade


pre-owned

search all pre-owned inventory
search kama'aina nissan inventory
search kama'aina motors inventory
search kona inventory
$20,000 or less
$10,000 or less
used cars
used trucks
used suvs
used nissans
used toyotas
used vehicle specials
wholesale vehicles
sell your vehicle
car finder
value your trade
consign your vehicle


sell your car
pre-owned toyota
finance

apply for financing
full credit application
value your trade
get pre-approved & see your credit score!


service & parts

make service appointment
tire store
service specials
why service with us
nissan parts center
parts specials
genuine nissan accessories
order parts online now


about us

video spotlights
about us
meet our staff
our history
nissan usa website
nissan owner vehicle information
why purchase from us
google reviews
financing center
follow us on facebook
careers


careers
contact us

appointments
contact us
quick quote
hours & directions
sell your vehicle
accessibility
privacy policy


 
 




































new

used



search














new nissan inventory used inventory service your vehicle full credit application  










trucks





frontier









suv's & crossovers


ariya

armada

murano

pathfinder

rogue

kicks









cars


altima

sentra

versa

leaf






choose nissan at kama'aina nissan in hilo
nissan hawaii

there are many reasons why kama'aina nissan is the premier retailer of new and used vehicles on the big island for customers living in hilo, pahoa, keaau, kurtistown, mountain view, hakalau, and everywhere else, far and wide. our knowledgeable sales staff, seasoned finance experts, master service technicians, and matchless inventory establish us as the automotive authority on the big island. we are ready and willing to join you in your journey to finding the prefect new car with the financing option that best corresponds to your needs.
with our great selection of new nissan vehicles and a wide variety of used automobiles, we are certain you will find a vehicle in our inventory that suits you perfectly. if you're trying to save money on gas, we've got you covered. if you need to transport your ohana, we're here for you. if you have a tough job, our trucks are up for the challenge. if you live on a rough road, we'll get you home. we are here to listen to your needs and match you with your dream car.
if you have decided to choose nissan, check out our inventory of new nissan cars, trucks, vans, and suvs - we have the best selection on the big island! whether you're after a new nissan altima, maxima, sentra, versa, leaf, armada, murano, pathfinder, rogue, kicks, frontier, or titan, we have all the bases covered. our licensed, factory trained service professionals are equipped with the tools, parts, and knowledge to keep you and your nissan on the road for years to come.
in addition to our broad inventory of new nissan vehicles, we also have a great variety of high quality used cars, trucks, vans, and suvs. all of our pre-owned vehicles undergo rigorous inspection and maintenance to ensure their longevity, appearance, and reliability. with our low prices and high standard of quality, we provide the used cars with the best value in hilo, and the rest of the big island.



have you browsed our inventory without finding your perfect new nissan or used vehicle? complete our car finder form and we will let you know when your dream vehicle makes it to our dealership.
have you found the vehicle you want, but lack the funds to buy it outright? let our car loan and lease experts help you secure a financing option that fits best within your current financial situation. we work with local and national lenders in order to provide the best range of options, from the lowest rates to the shortest terms. save yourself time, money, and hassle going from bank to bank, and let our lenders do the work for you.
once you've made the decision to purchase a new nissan or used vehicle from kama'aina nissan, our relationship with you will transition from sales to service. our licensed technicians are expert resources for all of your automotive needs, from routine maintenance to customization. they are factory trained and equipped with manufacturer-approved replacement parts and tools. from puna to hilo to hamakua, to kohala, to kona to ka'u, our service department will keep your car going and going!
thank you for visiting! to learn more about kama'aina nissan, visit our abous us page, stop by our showroom at 471 kalanianaole street in hilo, or give us a call at (888) 526-2694. subscribe to our facebook page to stay informed on our latest promotions and deals!








get directions to
kama'aina nissan
click here














this page has been updated. please reload the page to see the most recent version.

×



















copyright ©2025 kama'aina nissan. website by promax. view sitemap.  view privacy policy.  nissanusa


 



