

self realization centre essays god realization self-realization











 





vijay 
            kumar on achieving self realization







godrealized.org
immortality 
              meaning and concept
subscribe 
              newsletter
contact us




 more 
self realization spirituality hinduism resources 

 aids 
symptoms are 
you a slave of your destiny a 
tribute to god anger 
and forgiveness attachment 
theoryavatar
bhagavad 
gita and reincarnation big 
bang theory chakravayuha 
of life concept 
of heaven criticism 
versus limitations do 
animals have a soul end 
of the world end 
of the world existence 
of god forgiveness
god the 
creator and man gods guidance 
of a guru human 
evolution how 
to become immortal reaching 
self-realization hinduism 
revelations humans 
beings evolution i 
thought i was poor immortality
india a democracy 
or an authoritarian rule jainism 
a way of life jesus 
christ jrd tata
karma sutra karma 
yogi kingdom 
of god knowing 
god kundalini 
awakening letter 
to all mankind mahavira
meeting swamiji
mind a universal 
phenomenon moksha
navkar mantra 
in jainism nostradamus 
prediction now 
or never one 
life to live past 
lifepath 
of shruti jnanapurpose 
of life rama
reincarnation
reincarnation karma
religion and 
spiritualityrole 
of celibacy in grihastha ashram satsanga
self realization
shape of 
the world to come shruti 
jnana silence 
the talk within define 
sinner spiritual 
enlightenment spirituality
spirituality 
and religion story 
of my personal experience - how i realized god swarga 
naraka dharti the 
search for truth three 
spiritual guide posts to 
be or not to be to 
equate or not to equate truce 
with my inner self (a must read) way 
to heaven what 
is enlightenment what 
is the cause of islamic terrorwhen 
was buddhism founded what 
is the meaning of lifedefine 
god why 
god made this world world 
war 3 world 
war 3 and pakistan ww3
yoga and meditation
essays 
spirituality hinduism 

  love 
this website- donate for a cause... for welfare of mankind! 

essays 
on self realization spirituality hinduism bhagavad gita by vijay kumar 
(the man who realized god in 1993)
 the hidden 
inner meanings now explained by vijay kumar... the man who realized god in 1993!exclusive 
essays on self realization, spirituality, hinduism, bhagavad gita, jainism, yoga, 
upanishads and meditation... one and only available on the net all 
essays - new essays
subscribe 
              weekly newsletter "spiritual secrets unveiled" 
              (it is free... you would love you did!)
frequently asked queries 
              (faq)...you would love to contemplate!
latest 
articles category wise- 



atman soul
bhagavad gita
big bang 
                  theory
cosmos

christianitydeathdreams
end 
                  of the world

enlightenment
evolution
fate destiny free-will
god
happiness

heaven
hinduism
hindu dharma
human beings
immortality
kalki
karma
kundalini awakening 
life
practicing celibacy




analysis of bhagavad gitabecoming immortal as a human beingcreation of the world storiesdefine moksha liberation hinduismdoes god existhow to reach enlightenment in hinduismimportance of educationis there any proof that god created the earthpath to self realization

religious creation storiessacred hindu textsignificance of manifest destinytechniques for spiritual evolutionwarning signs of end timeswhat happens to the body after deathwhat is law of karma sutra yoga hinduismwho is the richest person in the worldworld creation stories


famous 
nostradamus prophecies predictions-nostradamus 
quatrains century 1 quatrain 53nostradamus 
quatrains century 2 quatrain 46nostradamus 
quatrain century 2 quatrain 89nostradamus 
quatrain century 8 quatrain 77

hear vijay kumar speak on different 
              topics (audio)
vijay 
              kumar bible interpretation commentary john 14:1 -  
              john 14:2 -  
              john 14:3 -  
              john 14:4 -  
              john 14:5 -  
              john 14:6
 more 
self realization spirituality hinduism related links...correct 
method of meditation meditation 
is the english equivalent of yog (in hindi) and pronounced yoga in the west. for 
understanding the meaning and the correct method of meditation... we need to understand 
the real meaning behind the word yog (in hindi).role 
of celibacy in grihastha ashram celibacy 
plays a very vital role in the life of all human 
beings. particularly when one is married (in grihastha ashram) and 
has a family to support... it is all the more vital that we practice celibacy 
to its extreme. why? what is it in celibacy 
that makes it such a vital factor in life of a human being?immortal 
souls how 
do we become immortal... gain immortality in this mortal world! as a human being 
can we ever become immortal... something that does not remain subjected to death 
any longer! can we truly become an immortal soul... much above the mundane ephemeral 
world! when we become immortal... what does it truly mean! is it the body that 
becomes immortal or the soul?god 
almighty god 
almighty... a cluster of pure energy is but the sum total of all souls (atmans) 
in the cosmos at a given point of time. the essence of every soul (atman) being 
the same as god almighty... every soul is but a minuscule god in its entity.
 where 
did buddhism start buddhism 
is a religion. and any religion is never founded. whenever one gains enlightenment 
and imparts it back to the community... because of the faith in their leader a 
following develops. this following ultimately culminates into a religion. the 
followers of gautama buddha are known as buddhists and the religion buddhism. 
gautama buddha gained enlightenment at a very late stage of life. he lived amongst 
the community to gain wisdom but did not succeed. he went far into deep dense 
forests (jungles) but wisdom was not to favor him.stair 
way to heaven yes, 
i know the way to heaven but who would want to go to heaven (aka swarga in hinduism)? 
before wanting to go to heaven we must learn the definition of heaven. heaven 
(aka swarga in hinduism) is a place in the mighty cosmos wherein the souls rest 
in peace until they get to manifest a body on mother earth. but there is one condition 
attached. any soul can only go to heaven provided there is a positive balance 
of karma in hand.world 
war 3 predictions pakistan the 
biggest question of all is... what role pakistan is going to play in the looming 
world war 3. when nostradamus 
predicted the start of world war 3 in 1998~1999... pakistan was supposed to be 
the instrument of the same. the mastermind of terrorism world-wide... the spoilt 
child pestered by usa since long... pakistan has reached a point of no return.navkar 
mantra significance 
of navkar mantra in jainism is beyond comprehension. one single mantra encompasses 
such a phenomenal degree of spirituality that the serious follower of this mantra 
is bound to reap the benefits accrued. the 
navkar mantra in jainism is endowed with blessings from all the gods that ever 
be! whoever chants the navkar mantra in right earnestness after learning the real 
meaning of various terminology in navkar mantra... reaps the benefits galore!a 
tribute to god god: 
we manifest on mother earth, become a human being ... only to satisfy our lust, 
the inherent greed of a human being, to become the richest of all! what 
of the clergy gathering fat donations!!! 
what use is of richness ... shall bill gates, ted turner or deepak chopra carry 
their wealth to next life!! if not, what should be the ultimate goal of a human 
being (in this life)? amassing wealth can never be the goal for a religious person, 
organization or a congregation. what of the billions of dollars collected by the 
vatican year after year!!aids 
symptoms aids: 
in the 20th century... the most devastating factor which has affected total humanity 
in every nook and corner of the world is aids (anti immuno dysfunctional syndrome). 
you may have wronged none in this life ... yet you may have been inflicted with 
aids knowingly or unknowingly either by transfer of tinted blood or use of an 
infected syringe. one whom you loved most may turn out to be promiscuous and may 
have infected you knowingly or unknowingly. with the immune system of the body 
dying out, one becomes prone to even the smallest infections and diseases. the 
recovery from a normal fever or abrasion may take months testing your patience 
to the hilt.anger 
and forgiveness forgiveness: 
all powerful god, the creator 
of all beings, does he try to annihilate the ignorant beings who in 
the last stages of their manifestation are mired in their own world of senses. 
how can they be blamed for they do not know what they are doing. you have to forgive 
one and all. every individual is but a speck of dust in the vast cosmos.steps 
to shruti jnana reaching 
the stage of shruti jnana is the end of life itself. right from the start of life 
from first manifestation as an amoeba and to the last as an enlightened being... 
it is reaching the cosmic end of life when one enters the domain of god. and the 
domain of god (kingdom of god) can only be entered by the path of shruti jnana.
control 
of destiny destiny: 
do you as a human being feel your destiny is controlled by cosmic hands? what 
you shall get in future shall not be of your making but cause of a supernatural 
happening else where! no 
doubt sometimes you gets results of your 
karma 
immediately and feel the strings of your future are in your hands but, when you 
watch people with pious background getting tormented and put to miserable ends 
... you think twice! who is the controller of the rewards and what are his standards 
of his judgment!!! does he always judge people with an unbiased attitude or are 
there favors and displeasure�s to be shown.criticism 
vs limitations criticism: 
you have assigned a task to an employee, to be completed within a time frame. 
you have his consent. yet, he fails to deliver the goods in time. must you shun 
him, rebuke him in front of others ... criticize him for making a false promise!! 
nothing would lead to your getting the job completed satisfactorily within the 
shortest possible time.do 
animals have a soul do 
animals have a soul? yes, every animal 
rather every living being has a soul. before we delve further into the existence 
of soul we need to understand the origin 
of the cosmic system in its entirety. the 
whole 
cosmos starts with a big bang and all the atmans 
(souls) in the cosmos get scattered all over the cosmos. these souls 
do not have the power within to purify themselves and comeback to their original 
state. they need a body to do that. hence every atman the soul within waits for 
a suitable body that it can manifest and start on its cosmic journey.what 
is shruti jnana shruti 
is that only universal medium of communication through which one can communicate 
with the almighty god. there is no other method in vogue existing on mother earth 
which enables even the most sincere seeker of spirituality establish a connection 
with almighty god. why? what 
is spirituality spirituality: 
what it truly means to you! spirituality 
is one word which puts a human being on the highest pedestal of life. it is field 
of spirituality traveling which one reaches the last leg of cosmic life nay the 
form of human being himself!self 
realization centres self 
realization - how it can be achieved within ones life time?
we must really 
understand that self realization is not a goal of life... it is the end of the 
journey itself. after reaching the stage of self-realization... every self realized 
soul has but to leave for the abode of god vaikuntha in hinduism. call it self 
realization or enlightenment... the moment one reaches this stage... there is 
nothing more which can be achieved further. world 
war 3 prediction world 
war 3 nostradamus prediction - when shall it be? world 
war 3 shall be different from world war i and world war ii. the earlier world 
wars were fought for establishing the supremacy of one country over the other. 
world war 3 shall be a fight to the finish between christianity and islam. it 
shall be the last folly of mankind... the last war of this era. it shall be the 
end of science as we know it today. who 
i was in my past life past 
life - wanting to know who i was in my past life? the 
residual balance of our acts and omissions in a particular life gets carried forward 
to next life through karma. as we perform so shall we get... nothing more or less! 
why regress into past life? the present phase of life is part of the total journey 
of 8.4 million manifestations that can occur in the life of a soul atman. at the 
end of the journey the soul atman liberates for ever from the 
cycle of birth and death and gains salvation moksha! 
religion 
vs spirituality religion 
and spirituality - what differentiates religion from spirituality? what 
exactly differentiates religion from spirituality? religion- if it forms the core 
of the physical manifested world... it is the spirituality (the truth of our soul 
within) which upholds the values in the society. one can live without religion 
but not without spirituality for spirituality forms the core of very existence 
of every living being. it is the spirit within every human being that we exist 
as a physical form on mother earth. neti
 yoga 
and meditation - that leads to gaining enlightenment in this life every 
process of yoga... nay meditation that frees us from the clutches of attachment... 
bondage or moha, whatever we may call it... is the right process on the path of 
gaining enlightenment. are yoga and meditation two different words with different 
meanings? no, the truth is not so... we need to understand that it is the path 
of yoga which shall lead us to gaining enlightenment within this life.

spiritual 
enlightenment what 
is enlightenment - meaning definition and relation to self realization
what do 
we really mean when we talk of enlightenment? is it not the bloom of life for 
a true seeker of spirituality? the life itself comes to a full circle the moment 
one reaches stage of enlightenment simply stated our true self, the real self 
of us who exists within us as our soul... the moment it reaches its pristine purity, 
the dross having completely removed, the physical body losing its meaning... one 
truly gains enlightenment. definition 
of human being human 
beings are the last stage in the manifestation built by god. this is primarily 
related to the solar system with sun forming the core of the planetary system.
in the cosmic system as 
understood by human beings... the entity of a human being is the pivotal point. 
unless and until one manifests the form of a human being... every evolutionary 
stage is but an interim phase in the cosmic life cycle. vedas
is there a purpose of life? 
what does it mean when men of wisdom say there is always a purpose in life? if 
there is life's purpose then why do most people while away their life without 
ever finding a purpose in life? what use living a purpose driven life without 
a defined purpose? purpose 
driven life is 
there a purpose of life? what does it mean when men of wisdom say there is always 
a purpose in life? if there is life's purpose then why do most people while away 
their life without ever finding a purpose in life? what use living a purpose driven 
life without a defined purpose? abode 
of god is 
there a purpose of life? what does it mean when men of wisdom say there is always 
a purpose in life? if there is life's purpose then why do most people while away 
their life without ever finding a purpose in life? what use living a purpose driven 
life without a defined purpose? bhagavad 
gita reincarnation in 
bhagavad gita the concept of reincarnation has been made explicitly clear. in 
the doctrine of bhagavad gita by lord 
krishna... reincarnation is not a myth. it is as valuable and clear 
as the water we drink and the air we breathe. world 
war 3 predictions when 
nostradamus predicted the start of world war 3 in 1998~1999... pakistan was supposed 
to be the instrument of the same. the mastermind of the terrorism world-wide... 
the spoilt child pestered by usa since long... pakistan has reached a point of 
no return. 
sinner
is there a sinner ever? no! 
in the system of god almighty none is a sinner. we only have the veil of ignorance 
that makes us indulge in activities wanton!  god 
almighty created the cosmic system that has plus hundred and also minus hundred. 
why so? it is because that at any given point of time the sum total of the total 
cosmos must always remain zero. jrd
who was jrd? frequently referred 
to as the man of steel... jrd tata is the scion of the indian technological setup. 
jrd tata believed in the concept that infrastructure building carried the utmost 
importance in the society as of today.  human 
evolution timeline human 
evolution... a to z. how and when did human evolve! human 
evolution is not a chance happening... human evolution has occurred owing to a 
premeditated cause. it was only through human evolution that god could have completed 
the cosmic life cycle resulting in the continuing of the whole cosmos.
kundalini 
yoga kundalini 
awakening - the sure shot method for awakening of the kundalini...  every 
true seeker of spirituality understands the importance of kundalini awakening. 
if we are to realize god within our lifetime... we have to awaken our kundalini 
fully in the present life. unless we take the lift straight up... we shall not 
reach the level of an awakened one... a living buddha! quotes 
on forgiveness forgiveness 
stories definition quotes - power to forgive vested with human beings 
aloneforgiveness 
just cannot be preached... it has to be practiced in totality! only then shall 
we be able to enjoy the fruits of practising forgiveness in present life. all 
the man gods of the yester era... mahavira, gautama buddha, jesus christ and prophet 
mohammed practiced forgiveness all the time right from a very young 
age. vardhamana 
mahavira mahavira 
24th tirthankara of jainism - his teachings and essence 
mahavira 
always stated that it is within the means of every human being to become mahavira 
in one's lifetime. becoming a mahavira is the cosmic goal of every human being! 
whether we follow the teachings of mahavira and become a mahavira in present life 
or in next manifestation is totally dependent upon our karma in present life.
 the 
existence of god existence 
of god - facts and figures does god exist? believing 
in the existence of god is like believing in the existence of a flower. even though 
a flower may not be directly visible to us but we can feel its presence by the 
fragrance it emits... god also exists but we cannot see it due to the limitations 
of senses. god almighty is beyond the capture of senses and the mind. 
kali 
yuga avatar 
the concept of avaatar in hinduism (manifest god) - does it hold good?
who shall 
be this avatar? shall this avatar descend from the heaven as expected by many 
or shall he be a normal human being with supernatural powers? lord krishna was 
an avatar and so is bhagavan 
kalki expected to be an avatar. we 
need to understand why the need for an avatar exists at all. why the mankind at 
a certain phase in the cosmic cycle needs an avatar? can we really not manage 
without an avatar? who 
is jesus christ jesus 
christ: one reaches god only through him - is this statement correct? jesus 
christ came to india at a very young age... a few years in the nalanda and taxila 
universities made him what he was... an enlightened soul! follow christianity 
in spirit... or the teachings of gautama buddha or mahavira... essence of all 
teachings is the same.  the 
big bang the 
big bang theory - evidence start of cosmos and human evolution the 
definition of god almighty as given in the bhagavad gita is the sum total of all 
purified souls atmans existing in whole cosmos at a given point of time and these 
purified souls combine together to form the size of half a thumb. and unable to 
sustain this massive energy for long... this half the size of a thumb what we 
call as god almighty explodes. and it explodes with a big bang giving birth to 
the big bang theory! 
hinduism moksha
moksha 
salvation in hinduism - highlights concept and the path  moksha 
is that ephemeral truth of life without which human beings cannot sustain themselves. 
the cause of the human body... the process of evolution... moksha yoga leads to 
our soul atman gaining liberation forever from the cycle 
of birth and death!emotions 
and attachment attachment 
bondage or moha - role played in gaining enlightenment
if 
              there was no attachment... bondage or moha... need for soul to traverse 
              a long journey of 8.4 million lives (a total earthly journey of 
              96.4 million years) would not exist for the soul within... rather 
              would not have been required at all.


 vijay 
kumar explains concept of atman in brief audio 
(eng) (3.1 mb) audio 
hindi (3 mb)
personal 
experience of god highlights - brief audio hindi (8.6 
mb) religion 
and spirituality difference - brief audio hindi (66.6 
mb) bhagavan 
kalki - bhagwan kalki - brief audio hindi (71.8 
mb) (all clippings 
take few seconds to load initially - suitable for broadband internet connection 
preferably above 256 kbps. more clippings on glossary of words in hinduism to 
follow soon... stay tuned! send a subject of your choice... on which you want 
to hear vijay kumar speak!)link 
to us - provide a constant 
source of essays and glossary to your well-wishers suggestions 
you want implemented - 
articles essays on 
specific topics... you seek explanation of!  
send them now
subscribe 
weekly newsletter "spiritual secrets unveiled"  discover 
the pearls of wisdom as the inner meanings of the sacred scriptures unfurl 
before you. proceed on the path of spirituality with vijay kumar... one who has 
covered the journey of 8.4 million manifestations .. reached the end of his cosmic 
life! post 
here any query for possible inclusion in the newsletter! 
did not find what you were searching for? enter your query below or post your query to vijay kumar!  

 
  (c) copyright 2000-2023: world wide center for self 
realization 




