








leadership tallahassee







leadership tallahassee





























































home
about 

overview
staff
board of governors
sponsors


programs 

how to apply
leadership tallahassee
youth leadership tallahassee
opportunity tallahassee
lt 2.0 the journey to racial justice


members 

current lt class
lt member directory
current ylt class
ylt member directory


events 

events calendar
membership luncheons
distinguished leadership awards
building better boards


connect 

lt news
donate
contact us


 

 login 





 
speaking event 1access slide 3slide 3slide 4 





cultivatingcommunity
leadership











leadership tallahassee
signature program





youth leadership tallahassee
high school program




leadership events
get involved







leadership tallahassee
a program of the greater tallahassee chamber of commerce
the mission of leadership tallahassee is to cultivate a diverse network of emerging & experienced leaders committed to improving the community.
we prepare leaders to meet & anticipate challenges in the community. through programs for adults & high school students, participants experience information about all sectors of the community, including business, economic development, the arts, government, and more. as a result, they find their own connection in the community by making a difference through leadership service.
learn more   









leadership tallahassee events







ylt class 

                                                21 program day                         
read more








                                                29th annual distinguished leadership awards                        
read more






lt class 

                                                42 program day                        
read more










leadership tallahassee graduates speak











mark baldino, lt 7

 

			it was been a very beneficial program which i have promoted and recommended over many years to friends and colleagues. i have also sponsored a number of graduates who reported to me and continue to do so in my new management role in the non profit world.			

 

 










g.c. murray, lt 32

 

			lt made tallahassee home for me and i am confident i will never be able to give back what i have taken from it...but i'll try.			

 

 










robert bacon, lt 1

 

			i enjoyed the lt experience and was fortunate to make several lifetime friends from my classmates.			

 

 










jay revell, lt 32

 

			leadership tallahassee is a wonderful experience. the people and places you get to know are a true window into what makes tallahassee great. people who want to know their city better and know the people making it better should be sure to apply for lt!			

 

 










j. jeffrey whalen, lt 12

 

			leadership tallahassee is a very important part of our community and helped me get a start in my leadership journey in tallahassee and florida.  i am forever indebted to lt, the experiences it has provided for me and the friends it has helped me make.  although i am busy with other volunteer activities now, i hope to have time to re-invest in lt when some of my other obligations run their course.			

 

 










tim hunt, lt 6

 

			my experience was invaluable. i have maintained many  of these relationships for 27 years. i have been extremely involved in the community, yet have not been  a big attendee of yearly activities offered by   lt.  keep up the good work!!!			

 

 










jessica lowe-minor, lt 31

 

			although i'd lived here for more than 10 years before joining lt, my experience with leadership tallahassee made me a real resident. trust me, you don't know tallahassee until you've done lt!
 

 

 










phillip downs, lt 3

 

			i think leadership tallahassee is invaluable to those who are building personal and professional lives primarily within the confines of metro tallahassee.			

 

 










james harding, lt 19

 

			exceptional program! it helped broaden my understanding of how the community is interconnected. thank you lt!			

 

 










kim kelling engstrom, lt 28

 

			leadership tallahassee has opened many doors for me and connected me to people that i would never have met. it has enriched my work and personal life.			

 

 


					show more				










leadership tallahassee current class featured profile

november 2023 guest editor, jan brown (lt 9)
i moved to tallahassee in 1986. i met a lot of people in my jobs. as you probably did, i thought i would know several members of my leadership tallahassee class. class ix had 30 participants, none of whom i had ever met! i rode to the retreat location of destin with jack diestelhorst, pulling […]

see the entire class


follow us 


tweets by @leadtlh
 









want more info?please contact us

	notice: javascript is required for this content.















 





			× close panel		




































 








quick links

access tallahassee
greater tallahassee chamber of commerce
world class schools




contact us

 contact form
 (850)224-8116
 300 east park avenue
 tallahassee, fl 32301
 (850) 561-3860









copyright © leadership tallahassee -  the tallahassee chamber of commerce
site map - privacy policy - disclaimer


website - bowstern







