



ztrace technologies - software solutions for mobile computing security.






































































  latest ztrace technologies announcement
ztrace does not offer computer tracing and monitoring software in us, canada, uk, germany and australia.  click here if you are interested in computer tracing and monitoring software.   
ztrace technologies
  laptop security
protecting your laptop from theft, and how to track it down if it's
missing.   
time magazine
  protect your laptop with ztrace 
unless you can afford to travel with an armed guard, you will need to protect your laptop with ztrace.      
pc magazine
  hp selected ztrace
ztrace and hp campus advantage provide best-of-breed security applications for education.   
-
   ztrace on techtv
innovative tv show focuses on the dangers facing computer users.   
techtv.com
  anchordesk recommends ztrace
are you a road warrior? ztrace helps track down your laptop if it's stolen   
zdnet anchordesk
  
ztrace featured on radio lazlow, a nationally syndicated radio feature about technology.    
l a z l o w
  ibd
recover your laptop if it is stolen by using ztrace gold, says ibd.   
investor’s business daily
  red herring
red herring talks about laptops that take care of themselves and how ztrace technology makes it happen.   
red herring
  more than just pcs
abc news calls ztrace gold the most intriguing pc-related product at pc expo.   
abc news
  usa today
usa today features ztrace software and how it helps recover stolen laptops.   
arlington, va
  abc news
ztrace technologies is featured on ‘good morning america.’   
new york, ny


















































ztrace gold is an invisible software security application that traces the location of missing laptops for recovery.








    














zcontrol is an invisible remote control software security application, that retrieves files, deletes sensitive information and maintains data privacy after computer loss.








   









protect.


protect your laptop by installing zsecurity suite applications.





monitor.










recover.


monitor and manage your assets, your security and your sensitive data.
is your laptop lost or stolen? you can feel secure.  your data is safe and your laptop will be recovered and returned to you.





protect. monitor. recover.


security software for the world on the move.









yale university


yale university selects ztrace to provide laptop protection to students.






time magazine


ztrace is featured by time magazine






sc magazine


sc magazine gives ztrace 5 stars






usa today


unlock the secrets of security for your laptop






hewlett-packard


ztrace selected for hp educational program



















  
























copyright © 1999-2004 ztrace technologies. all rights reserved. terms of use. privacy policy.









