


india news... the good news!








		
news from india : of positive action, steely endeavour and quiet triumphs ~ news that is little known








india is a million new initiatives now and goodnewsindia is dedicated to publicising them. 




--


why is goodnewsindia not updated?
i stopped updating goodnewsindia in 2006 when the question arose in my mind if publishing 'good' stories about india by itself was good enough as one's work. i have narrated my thoughts in greater detail in this article thus began work to restore a parcel of abandoned land near chennai, christened pointreturn.
fourteen years on, i am comforted the land is responding to the efforts put in. after several new starts, pointreturn is now set to be a land that harvests about 4 million litres of water year and host to a forested area of 5 acres. as a safeguard against drift into unintended directions, a school is coming up for rural children.
-d v sridharanjun 10, 2020







click this for full classified  index

selected stories



warrior against odds:umendra dutt’s poorly funded, lean staffed team is quietly and gamely trying to turn farmers to natural agriculture in a punjab that is losing rural folk to cancerous water. it’s an unequal battle but it’s steadily being fought.

keeper of seeds:dr debal deb believes that unless india’s elite gives up its ‘developmentality’  and sits listening at the feet of our eco-system people, it will not learn how much the environment matters to our well-being

clothier to the poor:since 1998, anshu gupta’s goonj has innovated in many ways to deepen our superficial awareness of the importance of clothes for the poor

a rare and enviable school:the free school for the poor he founded in 1894, is an equal legacy of henry steel olcott to the theosphical society that he co-founded and promoted 

making the foot run:not many know that top bureaucrat d r mehta’s 30 year long commitment and leadership are what revived the famed jaipur foot from slumber and taken it to a third of a million people round the world

raging into the night:the creation of yusuf meherally centre near mumbai is only a part of mangla behn and dr g g parikh’s 62 year commitment to india. their smiles belie their fire.

a magic wand to zap plastics:alka zadgaonkar conjures up a way to end waste plastics menace by creating value for collectors and processors

a  u-turn at b-school:m p vasimalai’s rural upbringing made him turn back to rural india, soon as he graduated from iim-a 

reality catches up with gni’s publisher:having published goodnewsindia since 2000, it was hard to overlook mgm beach resort’s ways in my own backyard.

 the road from marx turns right at gandhi:mary and bablu didn’t settle at timbaktu to retire, but to begin again with the conviction that nature is what really matters.

 dreams come true in ratnagiri:an unlikely team of clerks in government offices in mumbai are reaching out to rural school children in ratnagiri district

 battling for governance :parivartan’s unknown little indians like santosh, have fought to clear the thickets to form tracks to good governance.

the ganga in the sky:residents and establishments in tamil nadu have taken to rain water harvesting and water recycling proving that local action can alleviate shortages.

 the two-pit privy man:perfecting a simple sanitation solution and getting it to revolutionise indian society has taken 35 years of dr bindeshwar pathak’s life

young voices rising:nandana reddy and damu acharya have approached the issue of india’s working children by creating activists from children’s own ranks.

 minimalism in service:dada lakhiani is a role model for everyone who is sitting out for the right time, funds and opportunity to do something for india.


 staring down droughts:amidst the gloom of droughts and suicides, we have this transformation of farmers who will look a drought in its eye.

 a gandhi education pays off:cherkady ramachandra rao, now 86, lost his parents when 2, found gandhi when 7, and has not been lost ever since.

 inside china’s anti-poverty success:does china’s economic performance show-up india, or are there some unique merits in our system that we do not value sufficiently?

 beyond even his dreams:when j krishnamurthy spotted that banyan tree in 1925, it is doubtful if he envisioned how it might change the grim landscape and lives around it.

 enfolding the lost ones in goa:bernadette d’souza and gregory d’costa strive for the dignity of immigrants who built today’s shining goa - and, are abandoned on its streets to their own devices.

 jim garthe’s innovation:the pioneering work of jim garthe at the univ. of pennsylvania, in converting plastic waste into an energy resource has a great significance for india’s environment.

 help for puzzled visitors:caring for autistic and special children in india, has been entirely mothers’ and private citizens’ effort, as typified by shristi special academy in bangalore.

 world standard toilets:since 1999, fuad lokhandwala has been demonstrating in new delhi that building and running toilets to world standards is possible along sound commercial lines.

 the new indian rope-trick :in the decade since it opened its economy, india has survived early shocks and has now assimilated with elan the tricks of making good profits in world markets.

 a daughter returns:anuradha bakhshi’s sense of debt to india is over-imagined considering how little she has taken from this land but therein lies a lesson for many of us who have drawn much.

 digging deep into sanskrit:prof. lakshmi thathachar at melkote is a teacher, ecologist, animal breeder, computer adept and a champion of sanskrit as an unmined knowledge source.

where water flows in veins:the smile index of children and adults here, proves that the networked farm pond idea pioneered by baif’s branch in tiptur, karnataka is a success worth replication.

biodiesel goes from lab to land:prof shrinivasa’s sutra has proved to india’s tribal people that biodiesel is the best way to electrify their homes. and they are making a revolution of it.

after micro credit, it’s micro capital, now:aavishkaar is a pioneer attempt by india’s overseas professionals to bring venture capitalism to socially, environmentally relevant small businesses.

a marathon man in village-india:the success of rangaswamy elango at kuthambakkam village justifies the hope that gram swaraj will yet bloom all across india.

a soldier’s march into peace:anna hazare’s work with ralegan siddhi has thrown up a model for all round development of india’s villages.

this postman delivered more than mail:this vintage classic from the 1930s should give us heart because it shows service to fellowman is intrinsic to indian way of life.

bridges to mainstream life:girish bharadwaj’s foot bridges for isolated villages are transforming communities—and are aesthetic as well





click to write to goodnewsindia


appreciation
launch of goodnewsindia in 2000, was welcomed with widespread appreciation. a selection of these can be seen hereappreciation









