







piatt castle



























































































cart
















0
















        home
      

        plan your visit
      

        weddings
      

        events
      

        membership
      










































































cart
















0











homeplan your visitweddingseventsmembership


















scroll






 

welcome to piatt castle mac-a-cheek

  









visit

 

piatt castle mac-a-cheek has been a popular destination for over 100 years. whether you live down the street or across the country, you will find something special nestled in the beautiful countryside of logan county,  ohio.




    plan your visit
  



learn at homeexplore the cabinet of curiosities from home with our latest publication, a collection of essays and images.




    the cabinet of curiosities at mac-a-cheek
  



locationpiatt castle mac-a-cheek is located one mile east of west liberty, ohiodirections2025 hoursapril 5 - may 18: weekends 10am - 4pmmay 24 - sept. 1: daily 10am - 5pmsept. 6 - oct. 26: weekends 10am - 4pmapril 5 - oct. 31: group tours available with advance reservationall tours at piatt castle are facilitated self-guided journeys through historical artifacts, photographs, exhibits, and explanatory text. guest chairs are located in every area so visitors can relax and enjoy the setting or engage with hands-on activities.



admissionadult:  $15youth (age 5-15):  $8senior (age 65+):  $12aaa:  $12




    purchase tickets
  




    group rates
  



annual membershipash: $50oak: $75walnut: $150




    become a member
  








take a look




    explore piatt castle mac-a-cheek
  




    take a virtual tour
  



educational 3-d tour sponsor: dustin gardner, reality capture

 







 

events & programs




    event calendar
  




    research and publications
  




    become a member
  



2025 project sponsor: dr. ronald alvin stewartevents and programs produced by the mac-a-cheek foundation for the humanities are made possible by mfh members, individual donors, and generous support from the following organizations:











 











the mac-a-cheek foundation for the humanities at piatt castle is the recipient of a buckeye impact project grant, “from mekoche to mac-a-cheek: identity and place.”

  






every family has a story




    learn about the piatts
  

 









vision & valueswe value and respect those who came before us. we study the past, in part to understand who we are today. our programs seek to share that understanding with others in order to spark interest in creating the future. as a company, piatt castle values: artistry, accuracy, compassion, cooperation, craftsmanship, creativity, equity, individuality, inventiveness, memory, preservation, public service




    read more about our vision & values
  

 






welcome



visit summary



take a look



special events



our story



values








































piatt castle mac-a-cheek
10051 township road 47,
west liberty, oh, 43357,
united states
937-465-2821
margaret@piattcastle.org


hours




plan your visitpurchase ticketsmembershipa look aroundeventsaround town



weddingsfacility rentalsgroup toursphotographyour storyget involved



the mac-a-cheek foundationrestorationresearchin the press



contact us










