
warning:  use of undefined constant name - assumed 'name' (this will throw an error in a future version of php) in /webroot/f/o/foodpyra/foodpyramid.com/www/wp-content/themes/foodpyramid/functions.php on line 16





	food pyramid | food guide pyramid | dietary guidelines | myplate	












































































home
healthy eating
diet & weight loss
fitness
beauty
mind & spirit
parenting & pregnancy
green living
conditions & disorders
 








								facebook							




								twitter							




					rss
				




















 
foods that make you poop …
the number of bowel movements you have varies, depending on your health and/or diet. if you do not eat foods […]




 
what is golden rice?
golden rice is a form of rice with biosynthesis of beta-carotene (a form of vitamin a). in other words, golden […]




 
heterochromia
what is heterochromia? the word heterochromia is a combination of two greek words, which mean “different colors”. in the medical […]




 
can you freeze hummus?
homemade hummus is an excellent source of protein, healthy fat and fiber. it can be served as a dip or […]




 
drinking baking soda and …
can you drink baking soda? you probably never thought drinking baking soda would be a good idea, but you will […]




top stories

12345 



latest articles
pain under the right rib cagesneezing after eatinglump behind the earreser’s fine foods recall april 2016bumble bee tuna recall march 2016 








what do you know about ayurveda? 



featured articles



 
how many calories in a teaspoon of sugar?
are you wondering how many calories there is in a teaspoon of sugar? the answer is 16 calories, according to […]

read more



 
ingrown hair
what is an ingrown hair? hair is made of a protein called keratin. it comes through the hair follicles and […]

read more



 
yacon
what is yacon? yacon, which may more commonly be known as the peruvian ground apple, is a plant native to […]

read more



 
mypyramid
in 2005 the u.s department of agriculture (usda) released a food pyramid called mypyramid, which was designed to educate people […]

read more




  
freebies & coupons

freebies for moms
gift cards
restaurant coupons
grocery coupons
free samples
money saving offers
 find out more




more on foodpyramid.com



 
can you freeze cabbage?
cabbage is a popular vegetable that can actually store for quite some time in the fridge. however, to prolong its […]

read more



 
how does sneezing during pregnancy affect you and your baby?
excessive sneezing during pregnancy can be another bothersome symptom of many pregnancy symptoms women have to deal with. some women […]

read more



 
blast off game
history of the blast off game the first version of the “blast off” game was called “mypyramid blast off”, which […]

read more



 
daily sugar intake
what should you know about daily sugar intake? before we tell you how many grams of sugar a day a […]

read more




  
food pyramid
what is a food pyramid?
you have probably seen a food pyramid or a food guide pyramid before, but not everyone knows what a food pyramid is. in simple words you could say that a food pyramid is suppose to represent what we should eat on daily or weekly basis, based on a dietary guideline or nutrition guideline. yes, there are different dietary guidelines for different countries, health conditions, allergies, etc.
different types of food pyramids for different nutrition guidelines
now, with all types of nutrition guidelines out there, you will find many different food pyramids. there is not only the usda food pyramid, but also the vegan food pyramid, the vegetarian food pyramid, the mediterranean food pyramid and a few other food pyramids that you can actually find throughout our website. there is even a food pyramid for kids, which was pushed a lot by the usda, but also other organizations.
what all food guide pyramids have in common, besides representing certain dietary guidelines, is that they all have food groups. each food group is often represented by blocks within a food pyramid image, starting with what you should it most of at the bottom. often, you will also see how much of each food group to consume. a healthy food pyramid will include everything about the food guide it is trying to represent.
so any nutrition guideline can be illustrated by using a food pyramid. however, the most popular one is the one that the usda have been promoting to represent the "dietary guidelines for americans". those guidelines come out every five years, and have in the past been represented by the popular "mypyramid" and "the food guide pyramid"
alternatives to the food pyramid
there are also alternatives to the food pyramid in which the dietary guidelines are represented by a food circle, food chart or even a plate model.
several countries use a food circle or the plate model, and the most popular one is used by the usda. they shifted the use from a food pyramid to colorful plate model. the campaign goes under “choose myplate”, which can be found on choosemyplate.gov. in the plate model, myplate, you can see the food groups divided in the plate, but it does not state how much of each food group to consume.
foodpyramid.com – keeping a healthy lifestyle
foodpyramid.com understands the importance of nutrition, but also sees the great benefits of living a healthy lifestyle. using a food pyramid as a tool to follow different dietary guidelines is a good start in the right direction. if a food pyramid does not serve you well in your quest for a healthier lifestyle, you can always turn to the plate model; now used by the usda. as we mentioned earlier, it goes under the name myplate and serves well as a guide for food and human nutrition.
if you choose myplate, the food pyramid, or any other tools to aid you through the process of better understanding what a nutritious meal consist of, then you are really trying to take care of yourself. after all, the human body is like a super engine, which needs the right fuel and maintenance to reach optimal levels. we, as individuals, serve both as the “driver” and the “mechanic” of our body, and only several years down the road will we see the results of our “job”.
but it is not only about your eating habits that contributes to a healthy lifestyle. since you are the “driver” of your own body, you also need to be moving your body. exercising is a healthy and very natural thing to do. for some people it could be a challenge to start exercising, but remember that there are a vast number of exercises you can do. no matter if it is walking, running, aerobics, or any other thing that puts your body in motion, there is always something for everyone. just try to work on your fitness level the best you can and you will likely feel much better.
so we have talked about the importance of nutrition and fitness. they may function as two of the cornerstones in keeping a healthy lifestyle, but what more is there to it? is it not just enough to follow a diet using the food pyramid and maybe hit the gym a few times a week? what about other aspects in our life like mental and spiritual health? do such things affect our overall well-being?
food pyramid thinks that to feel more complete other elements must be added. a healthy living lifestyle is much more than just focusing on nutrition and fitness. those are just two of the elements that contributes to healthy living, but let us explain further what we like to include.
foodpyramid.com – what do we mean with healthy living?
so what is healthy living? we would like to say that healthy living is to enhance and make positive changes in your overall health. this would include healthy eating, physical health, but also mental and spiritual health. by feeding all those things with positive changes will boost your life in many ways. it can help in preventing chronic disease and reduce the risk of becoming ill. you will probably also feel more happy and satisfied with your life, and who knows...you might even inspire people around you to make positive changes in their lives.
we understand that our environment can affect us in many ways, but the path to healthy living is a personal choice and everyone has a role to play. you just need to keep yourself informed about positive health practices that will improve your overall well-being. try also to create your own circle of social contacts an make friends with people who respect and care for you as that will help you a lot in life.
with mental and spiritual health we like to emphasize on the connection between body, mind and spirit. as much as your body needs to exercise so does your mind. yo can engage your brain in different exercises, which will stimulate different parts of your brain. try for example to read a book, play a game of chess, engage in multitasking exercises or even solve a sudoku puzzle. some other things that will also help in the connection between body mind and spirit would be relaxation, massage, and listening to music.
spirituality may mean different things to different people. your “spirit” may refer to the inner part of you that tries to make an understanding of the meaning of life, which usually points to happiness and peace. this can be reached in many ways because we have different desires and beliefs. some will find fulfillment in volunteering, pursuing a passion, or even go for a walk on the beach. what may sound strange for one person could be another person's happiness. there are however ways to guide you in finding what your “spirit” needs. you could always start with taking some time for yourself and just be. try to be present and observe what is now. furthermore, you can always meditate, work on positive thinking, affirmations, and much more.
foodpyramid.com – keep a healthy lifestyle with us
now that we have covered what it actually means to live healthy, do you feel more inspired? take action and put an end to negative lifestyle practices.
healthy living is a topic that we at food pyramid have a passion for. if you are just in search for information on different health topics or if you are in search for inspiration, it is likely you will find it here on the food pyramid website.
as much as we like to be a resource for different health topics, we also like to see the site as a source of empowerment for those who like to make positive changes towards a healthier lifestyle.
 

 



the plate model
click here



food pyramid
click here




 


advertisement 




 


 




 


 want to receive updates each time we publish new content?
>> subscribe here <<

 

 






 

 




warning:  count(): parameter must be an array or an object that implements countable in /webroot/f/o/foodpyra/foodpyramid.com/www/wp-content/plugins/adrotate/adrotate-output.php on line 319
 









beauty
conditions & disorders
diet & weight loss
fitness
green living
healthy eating
health news
mind & spirit
parenting & pregnancy
 

bmi calculator
dietary minerals
diets
food pyramids
health conditions a-z
myplate
the 6 essential nutrients
vitamins
weight loss pills
 

about us
contact us
sitemap
 

connect




										facebook									




										twitter									




							rss
						






				copyright © 2009-2015 foodpyramid.com all rights reservedthis website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






								non-necessary							


non-necessary
 


any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.












save & accept



















				the material in the site is intended to be of general informational use and not intended to contitute medical advice, probable diagnosis, or recommended treat. see the terms of use and privacy policy for more information.			







