





san diego nnn properties –


















































www.1031apartmentexchange.com









1031 apartmentexchangennn property exchanges 858-361-9671email link

homeabout us
contact us
properties for sale

properties for sale info
apartments-customized list
nnn properties


links/resources
our services
instone investments home






welcome to siemienowski @ associates/1031apartmentexchange.com.
providing a superior level of informed, professional real estate services to buyers and sellers throughout the united states.





view of the auto zone located at the intersection of evans @ las vegas blvd., north in north las vegas, nevada.





if you are currently:




tired of managing apartment properties and dealing with tenants, trash and toilets? consider an irc 1031 tax deferred exchange into a triple net (nnn) property leased to a large national bond rated company that will pay you rent each and every month.



interested in working with an experienced company that has sold over one billion dollars of real estate and has closed over 1,000 transactions that will represent you in acquiring, selling or exchanging your investment property



acquiring real estate, selling real estate, or involved in an irc 1031 tax deferred exchange



bored with all the wasted time looking at deals that do not make sense and do not fit your investment requirements



siemienowski & associates can help you 













properties for sale
we subscribe and utilize national databases to locate the property that best suits your investment objectives. we also objectively analyze 100’s of properties weekly to determine the best values available.
mr. instone works closely with a core group of investment specialists within the national marketplace.  with top agents in over 30 regions in the united states and growing, the available inventory throughout the united states is constantly changing.
to recognize the value of each investment property requires a thorough understanding of the region, the demographics, and the future potential. “by identifying these ‘growth areas’ i can offer my clients opportunities that they would normally not be aware of.”




about don instone
30 years experience in helping buyers find the property that best fits their investment objectives and helping sellers realize the
highest price for their property.
president of instone investments, inc
senior vice president siemienowski & associates
memberships and affiliations
leed green associate
san diego association of realtors
california association of realtors
san diego regional multiple listing service
click here for more!




our services
we provide a wide variety of services to both buyers and sellers.
sellers:establish a fair market opinion of value
custom marketing tools
establish & implement “market rents”
suggestions for improving visual appearance of property.
exchange vs. sale analysis
buyers:customized database of available properties
listed and non-listed properties
network with major brokerage firms
exclusive buyer representation
reverse exchanges
click here to find out more!




home | about us | contact us | properties | links | services




 

don instone
leed green associate 
ca bre #00954112
senior vice president
siemienowski & associates 
10951 sorrento valley rd. 1a
san diego, ca 92121
858 866-0750 office
1031apartmentexchange.com
don@instoneinvestments.com



858-361-9671


email link



apartment properties
nnn properties


 






visit
resource center
blog
company
agents
contact us


recent posts


talking tags


let it snow (well, if it must): how to plan a cold weather open house


packing and home moving tips


real estate tips for the home buyer


tips for purchasing a real estate property




1031 apartmentexchangennn property exchanges
email@company.com
920.648.4014
company street address
city, state zip

copyright © 2024 1031 apartmentexchange













