









lone star dutch oven society - home - lone star dutch oven society































































home
calendar of events
chapter locator
join us
members only
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















2025 lsdos big dogthis statewide event is coming april 24 – 27, 2025
see more about the big dog









dutch oven cookingfood, fun & fellowship
find a chapter near you









about uspreserving the art of dutch oven cooking
click here to learn more














who we are...









family fun
we organize many family friendly events and they always involve lots of great food, fun and fellowship.







teaching opportunities
for experienced cooks, there are plenty of opportunities to teach and to assist with cooking demonstrations.







learning opportunities
for those who are newer to dutch oven cooking, there are plenty of ways to learn through informal or formal instruction.







preserving history
we aim to preserve this centuries-old cooking technique by participating in historical events and outdoor expositions.







click here to learn how you can join us









;





























our story
in the fall of 1994, the lone star dutch oven society was established to form a texas society for people who are interested in cooking outdoors in dutch ovens.  dutch ovens are cast iron cooking pots that originated in europe many hundreds of years ago.  in the 18th century they were manufactured in england, and brought to this country by dutch traders… thus the name “dutch” ovens.  these wood fired cooking utensils were of paramount importance to the pioneers who settled this continent.  the great texas cattle drives could not have happened without them.





societies of dutch oven cooking have existed in utah and the surrounding states for several decades.  the lsdos was patterned after the dutch oven societies in these areas, but we are truly texas unique.  since that time our society has grown to include chapters in a dozen areas around the state.  each chapter hosts their local dogs on their own schedule.  our society boasts some extremely competent cooks who are always willing to share their knowledge and experience. some of our members have been cooking with these black pots for more than 40 years.  join lsdos, whether you like to cook around a campfire or on your patio with charcoal, and make future history in texas style cooking… with us!








w

contact us








start a new chapter





 





























