




    home | united states district court, northern district of california                   
 
jury
attorneys
pro se litigants
media



menuhomejuryattorneyspro se litigantsmediaabout the courtabout the courtabout column 1clerk’s officehuman resourcescareer opportunitiesfinanceinterpretersprocurementjury officenaturalizationmore about the courtnorthern district historyarticle iii judges of the northern districtabout column 2locations & contactsan franciscooaklandsan joseeurekacontacting the courtjurisdiction mapvisitors with disabilities & special needscand community outreachabout column 3court programscivil case programsaudio streaming pilot programalternative dispute resolution (adr)requesting zoom access or videorecording of court proceedingscriminal case programsdiversion, cap, and leads pilot programcriminal justice act (cja)petty offense docket / traffic ticketsreentry courtabout column 4more court programsfor attorneysattorney loungescourthouse librariespractice program (northerndistrictpracticeprogram.org)historical society (ndhistoricalsociety.org)ombudsperson programfor people without attorneyslegal help desks closecases & e-filingcases & e-filingcases column 1e-filing & electronic docketsnextgen cm/ecf instructionsecf informationpacer (www.pacer.gov)cases column 2new & interesting casescases of interestnewly-filed case feednewly-filed case documentsactive multidistrict litigation (mdl)upcoming hearings held by video-conferencecases column 3case filing proceduresopening a new civil casecase opening documents to be served on opposing counselobtaining copies of court documentsdrop box filing procedurespreparing for hearings held by video-conferencecases column 4 closejudgesjudgesjudges column 1san francisco courthousearticle iii judgeswilliam alsupcharles r. breyeredward m. chenmaxine m. chesneyvince chhabriajacqueline scott corleyjames donatosusan illston rita f. linaraceli martínez-olguínwilliam h. orrickrichard seeborgtrina l. thompsonjudges column 2san francisco courthousemagistrate judgeslaurel beelerlisa j. cisnerosthomas s. hixson peter h. kang sallie kimjoseph c. speroalex g. tseeureka courthouserobert m. illmanjudges column 3oakland courthousearticle iii judgessaundra brown armstronghaywood s. gilliam, jr.yvonne gonzalez rogersphyllis j. hamiltonjon s. tigarjeffrey s. whiteclaudia wilkenmagistrate judgesdonna m. ryukandis a. westmorejudges column 4san jose courthousearticle iii judgesedward j. davilabeth labson freemaneumi k. leep. casey pittsnoël wisemagistrate judgesnathanael cousinsvirginia k. demarchisusan van keulenall judges’ weekly calendarscourtroom technologyjournalist and media information and rulesvisiting judges information closecalendarscalendarscalendars col 1duty schedulescourt holidaysjudges’ weekly calendarsjudges’ web pages closeruleslocal rules & general ordersrules column 1federal ruleslocal ruleslocal rules attorney advisory committeesrules column 2admiralty & maritime local rulesadr local rulescivil local rulescriminal local ruleshabeas corpus local rulespatent local rulesrules column 3general ordersabrogated general ordersmiscellaneous ordersjudges’ standing ordersrules column 4northern district guidelines closeformsformsforms column 1court formsalternative dispute resolution (adr)civilcriminalcriminal justice act (cja) unitprisoner case formspro se litigants (legal help center templates & packets)transcripts & recordingsforms column 2court-approved model documentse-discovery (esi) guidelinesjury instructionsmodel protective ordersmodel stipulation and proposed consolidation order for securities cases (civil l.r. 23-1(b))(.pdf)forms column 3northern district guidelinese-discovery (esi) guidelinesguidelines for professional conductprocedural guidance for class action settlements closefees and payments

announcementsaccess to courthousesto enter the courthouses of the northern district of california, you must must show a government-issued picture id and must pass through a security screening device. acceptable forms of id include official state or united states government id such as a driver’s license or passport.remote access to court proceedingslist of upcoming hearings to be held by zoom
request remote access to civil proceedings not already scheduled to be held by zoomnoticesseeking public comment on change to civil local rule 3-22025 ninth circuit civics contestnew, revised version of civil cover sheet now availablejudge noël wise confirmed to northern district judgeshipcriminal subpoenas for testimony now available through ecfbeware of fake court emailsmore notices…consenting to a magistrate judgeyour case may be resolved more quickly if you consent to a magistrate judge. 
quick linkscourt holidaysedr edr / reporting wrongful conductcourt programsadralternative dispute resolution (adr) program & rulescjacriminal justice act (cja)cameras in the courtroom projectcvb petty offense infomore court programs…about the courtclerk’s officecourthouse locationstranscripts / court reportersvisitors with disabilities & special needsemployment opportunitiesmore about the court…




more quick links
if you don’t have a lawyer…
journalists / media
your employee rights and how to report wrongful conduct
attorney resources
website feedback formcases of interestin re: facebook, inc. consumer privacy user profile litigationin re: baby food products liability litigationthe actions in this mdl involve allegations that plaintiffs, who are minors, were exposed to elevated quantities of toxic heavy metals (namely, arsenic, lead, cadmium, and mercury) from consuming defendants’ baby food products and, as a result, suffered brain injury that manifested in diagnoses of autism spectrum disorder (asd) and/or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd).food and water watch et al. v. united states environmental protection agency et al.this is an action brought against the united states epa, among other defendants, by food and water watch, a non-governmental organization, and other plaintiffs, regarding the health impacts of fluoridation of public drinking water.  plaintiffs allege that fluoridation at levels occurring throughout the country presents an unreasonable risk of injury to health under the toxic substances control act (“tsca”), 15 u.s.c. § 2620(b)(4)(b).  a bench trial took place in this matter in june 2020 and the case was held in abeyance thereafter; the court is now conducting the second phase or “part two” of the trial.in re: uber technologies, passenger sexual assault litigationthis is a multidistrict litigation (mdl) case involving whether uber technologies, inc. and related entities (collectively, “uber”) failed to implement appropriate safety precautions to protect passengers.  plaintiffs are former uber passengers who were sexually assaulted or harassed by their uber drivers.  plaintiffs bring various claims against uber, including negligence, breach of contract, and product liability claims.federal trade commission v. intercontinental exchange, inc., et althe federal trade commission (ftc) brings this action for provisional relief pursuant to section 13(b) of the federal trade commission act, 15 u.s.c. § 53(b), seeking to enjoin defendants intercontinental exchange and black knight from consummating a proposed transaction while the ftc’s administrative review of the transaction is pending.moonbug v. babybusthis is a case about alleged infringement of copyrights. the plaintiffs are moonbug entertainment limited and treasure studio, inc. the defendants in this case are babybus co., ltd. and babybus (fujian) network technology co., ltd. plaintiffs claim that defendants willfully infringe plaintiffs’ copyrights in characters and videos in plaintiffs’ children’s show cocomelon. plaintiffs also claim that defendants made misrepresentations to youtube to cause youtube to put back up infringing videos.federal trade commission v. microsoft corp. et al.the federal trade commission (ftc) brings this action for provisional relief pursuant to section 13(b) of the federal trade commission act, 15 u.s.c. § 53(b), seeking to enjoin defendants microsoft and activision from consummating a proposed transaction while the ftc’s administrative review of the transaction is pending.in re: hiv antitrust litigationusa v. nelson et al. ( foakes, ranieri & burke)in re tesla inc. securities litigationthis securities class action case is brought by a group of tesla shareholders who allege that elon musk and tesla violated section 10(b) of the securities exchange act of 1934 and sec rule 10b-5(b), by making materially false or misleading statements regarding a potential going-private transaction for tesla that artificially affected the price of tesla’s stock and other securities in august of 2018.  plaintiff also asserts that the members of tesla’s board of directors violated section 20(a) of the securities exchange act of 1934, which imposes liability upon persons responsible for controlling an entity that is found to have violated the federal securities laws.cornet et al v. twitter, inc. 3:22-cv-06857plaintiffs filed a putative class action complaint against twitter claiming violations of the warn act (29 u.s. code section 2101) and violations of california’s equivalent state law (cal. lab. code section 1400).united states v. david wayne depapea complaint was filed in this court charging david wayne depape with violations of 18 u.s.c. § 115(a)(1)(a) and (b), assault on the immediate family member of a federal official, and of 18 u.s.c. § 1201(d), attempted kidnapping of a federal official.in re: social media adolescent addiction/personal injury products liability litigation (mdl no. 3047)this is a multi-district litigation (mdl) involving various defendants such as meta platforms, inc., instagram llc, snap, inc., tiktok, inc., bytedance, inc., youtube llc, google llc, and alphabet inc.  plaintiffs have alleged that the defendants’ social media platforms are defective because they are designed to maximize screen time, which can encourage addictive behavior in adolescents.  as alleged, this conduct results in various emotional and physical harms, including death.mickelson v. pga tour, inc.professional golfers allege that the pga acted an unlawful monopoly in suspending them for playing for liv, inc. they seek injunctive relief through a temporary restraining order that would permit them to compete in the fedex cup playoffs.usa v. balwaniramesh “sunny” balwani, former executive of health technology corporation theranos, was charged along with elizabeth holmes with wire fraud, in violation of 18 u.s.c. § 1343, and conspiracy to commit wire fraud, in violation of 18 u.s.c. § 1349. the charges stem from defendants’ allegedly deceptive representations about their company and its medical testing technology. defendants are to be tried separately; ms. holmes’ trial concluded in january 2022.usa v. holmes, et al.elizabeth a. holmes and ramesh “sunny” balwani, former executives of health technology corporation theranos, are charged with wire fraud, in violation of 18 u.s.c. § 1343, and conspiracy to commit wire fraud, in violation of 18 u.s.c. § 1349. the charges stem from defendants’ allegedly deceptive representations about their company and its medical testing technology.united states district courtnorthern district of california
450 golden gate avenuesan francisco, ca 94102
 415-522-2000home
clerk’s office
career opportunities
locations
san francisco
oakland
san jose
eureka-mckinleyville

visitors with disabilities & special needs
cand community outreachabout the court
judges
cases & e-filing
calendars
forms
rules
feesattorneys
legal help
media relations
court programs
alternative dispute resolution (adr)
cameras in the courtroom
criminal justice act (cja)
diversion, cap, and leads pilot program
legal help desks
ombudsperson program
patent pilot program
cvb petty offense docket
reentry court
cm-ecf
pacer
website
website map
website support
website feedback
join our mailing lists
   zzz                               