


branson mo real estate for sale sue andersen realty














welcome to 
sue andersen realty!
 
thank you for visiting our website.  sue andersen realty is
  a locally and independently owned real estate brokerage, located in branson,
  missouri, in the heart of the beautiful ozark mountain country.   
 
we have served the buyers and sellers in the branson and
  surrounding region for 35 years, and have had the privilege of representing
  some of the finest people you could ever hope to meet.  many have become
  close personal friends.  
 
while the real estate industry is, and always will be, a
  constantly changing profession, the level of fiduciary responsibility,
  service and care will never change.  throughout my career, this faith
  grounded, people centered service has always been first and foremost, and
  will always remain so.  
 
if you are a past client or customer, or are looking for a
  fresh look at your representation options, we would appreciate your
  consideration.  whether leading the team in listing and marketing your
  property for sale, or helping you find that “perfect fit” in a property for
  you and your family, we have the experience and expertise to serve you with
  the professionalism, knowledge and skill that you expect.  as a member of the
  somo (southern missouri) regional  mls, we are able to search all
  available listings in the branson mo, ozark, nixa, springfield and the tri
  lakes area.  if you have researched properties on your own, as most buyers
  now do, and identify properties of interest, make note of the listing numbers
  and we can further research them for you.  
 
before you buy real estate, engage your own real estate
  professional to protect your best interest - from locating suitable
  properties, to contract negotiation, inspection processes and settlement,
  seek a real estate broker who will be your representative in buying your new
  home, land, or commercial location.  sue andersen realty has decades of
  experience as buyers agents.
 
 
please call or email us and let us know what you are interested
  in.  we would be glad to help! 
 
 
sue andersen realty
417-334-8152









sue andersen

sueandersenrealty@gmail.com
 
web mail users—
please cut and paste
417-334-8152





 

 
branson, mo weather radar


branson 7 day forecast






interested in listing your property?
give us a call, we are
  a very effective listing agency
give us a call!
417-334-8152









sue andersen realty
417-334-8152
sueandersenrealty@gmail.com
please copy and paste
  address!









sue andersen
  realty now partners with the 7 mls systems that have joined to form the
  exciting new southern missouri regional mls.  this engine is updated
  continually - providing you with the most comprehensive database and up to
  date tools available.
 
please give
  us a call if you find something that interests you! 
 
enjoy!!









welcome!! 
 
southern
  missouri
regional
  mls
  database
  search









sue andersen realty 
branson mo regional real estate 
commercial and residential










search database










home










about sue










area links#


















amortization










quote of the day!
our value is not determined by who we are, what we do, or
  what we look like, but by the price that was paid for us.
romans 5: 8










full database search
search entire database
includes branson springfield
 

branson tri lakes search
branson tri lakes area
taney, stone counties 
 

branson tri lakes hot sheet
branson tri lakes area 
taney, stone counties
last 7 days activity
 

springfield area hot sheet
greene, christian counties
includes springfield
last 7 day activity









database searches








