






data pro accounting software, inc. – data pro accounting software, inc.







































































		skip to content
















$0.00


 

















 









homeproducts

powersuitedprocloudkey featuresinfinity commerce modules

dp/dashboard/crmdp/auto event triggering systemdp/scan 
additional products

add-on data pro products3rd party integrated productsdp/dashboard/crm add-ondp/auto add-on scripts 
credit card/ach processing

overviewdp/payment portal 
sales tax services

overviewaccuratetaxavalara avatax 
data sheetsdpa forms
support

request technical supportorder tech support contractlive remote assistanceholiday hourscurrent product releaseuser manualsyear end procedurespayroll tax table instructionsw4 setup informationw2/1099 instructionsknowledge base
register/log-incontactabout 





 







 







main menu

 














$0.00


 






homeproductsmenu toggle

powersuite dprocloud key features infinity commerce modulesmenu toggle

dp/dashboard/crm dp/auto event triggering system dp/scan 
 additional productsmenu toggle

add-on data pro products 3rd party integrated products dp/dashboard/crm add-on dp/auto add-on scripts 
 credit card/ach processingmenu toggle

overview dp/payment portal 
 sales tax servicesmenu toggle

overview accuratetax avalara avatax 
 data sheets dpa forms
supportmenu toggle

request technical support order tech support contract live remote assistance holiday hours current product release user manuals year end procedures payroll tax table instructions w4 setup information w2/1099 instructions knowledge base
register/log-incontactabout 




















powerful, advanced accounting& e-commerce solutions for businesses of all sizes

































powersuite enterprise is going to fit your needs!


 

data pro's powersuite enterprise represents 19 advanced accounting applications designed to target a wide range of specific industries.
markets such as financial accounting, job costing, manufacturing, wholesale distribution, point of sale, payroll, inventory management, bank reconciliation, customer billing and more, 
users will find that data pro’s powersuite enterprise is highly flexible in its implementation and design.
powersuite enterprise is just $119 per month that includes a one (1) user license and can be installed wherever you want, locally on your pc or server or on a dedicated dprocloud server where only your company’s information resides.  it’s not shared with anyone else. you decide! learn about dprocloud.
there’s a one-time $495 setup fee for installing the powersuite wherever you decide to have it installed. 
additional powersuite users fees are just $12 per month. or, prepay annually and save!
cloud hosting fees are billed separately and don’t apply if you are hosting the powersuite locally on your pc or server.

 
 



















powersuite pricing











pay monthly as you go.








monthly powersuite
$119.00

monthly fee.
includes 1 windows user & unlimited web users
one-time $495 set up fee required
(automatically added at checkout)




monthly powersuite quantity


add to cart


 this will also add the following products to your cart: 


				one-time set up fee - $495.00 




 
 
 






learn more about the set up fee















the one-time setup fee is “required” on either a local installation of powersuite enterprise or on a dedicated cloud server.
the fee includes all installation of the various software modules and configuration of the microsoft iis server, which is required for installation.
the fee includes the configuration of the advanced security administrator module and the powerserver, which are part of the system administrator module.
the customer will complete a questionnaire first providing the list of users, printers, passwords and security rights that are to be assigned to various users and groups of users to be defined within the accounting software.  this will then be predefined for the customer as part of the one time setup fee.
the software requires windows (11, 10, 8, or 7) or a windows server (2022, 2019, 2016 or 2012), 512mb ram memory and 500 mb of disk space.
internet access is required! administrator rights of the pc/server are required.
the fee includes a free merchant processing account so that the firm may process “credit cards” through the accounts receivable, sales order entry,
point of sale, and dp/dashboard/crm software modules.  an ability to accept ach drafts is also available for interested companies at no additional charge.
the fee includes a default chart of accounts and financial statement formats that are designed to be completely integrated with all included software modules.

the fee includes dp/convert which is an advanced “data conversion” tool which allows companies to “export” their data from virtually any other accounting
software product into an “excel” file template.  the dp/convert “templates” guide the user on what pieces of information are “mandatory” and “optional” for data conversion.  additional technical support services can be provided to those firms not familiar with data conversion processes.

windows users may be added or deleted by the end of each month for monthly billing customers.

the number of “web browser users” for dp/dashboard/crm is unlimited.



















additional users


each month for each additional user. 









$12.00 



monthly powersuite additional user quantity



add to cart 

















0




no products in the cart.


no products in the cart.


continue shopping 












prepay for the year and save!








annual powersuite
$1,295.00

annual fee.
includes 2 windows users & unlimited web users.
one-time $495 set up fee required
(automatically added at checkout)




annual powersuite quantity


add to cart


 this will also add the following products to your cart: 


				one-time set up fee - $495.00 




 
 
 






learn more about the set up fee















the one-time setup fee is “required” on either a local installation of powersuite enterprise or on a dedicated cloud server.
the fee includes all installation of the various software modules and configuration of the microsoft iis server, which is required for installation.
the fee includes the configuration of the advanced security administrator module and the powerserver, which are part of the system administrator module.
the customer will complete a questionnaire first providing the list of users, printers, passwords and security rights that are to be assigned to various users and groups of users to be defined within the accounting software.  this will then be predefined for the customer as part of the one time setup fee.
the software requires windows (11, 10, 8, or 7) or a windows server (2022, 2019, 2016 or 2012), 512mb ram memory and 500 mb of disk space.
internet access is required! administrator rights of the pc/server are required.the fee includes a free merchant processing account so that the firm may process “credit cards” through the accounts receivable, sales order entry,point of sale, and dp/dashboard/crm software modules.  an ability to accept ach drafts is also available for interested companies at no additional charge.
the fee includes a default chart of accounts and financial statement formats that are designed to be completely integrated with all included software modules.
the fee includes dp/convert which is an advanced “data conversion” tool which allows companies to “export” their data from virtually any other accountingsoftware product into an “excel” file template.  the dp/convert “templates” guide the user on what pieces of information are “mandatory” and “optional” for data conversion.  additional technical support services can be provided to those firms not familiar with data conversion processes.
windows users may be added or deleted by the end of each month for monthly billing customers.
the number of “web browser users” for dp/dashboard/crm is unlimited.



















additional users


each year for each additional user. 









$129.00 



annual powersuite additional user quantity



add to cart 

















0




no products in the cart.


no products in the cart.


continue shopping 
























 

all powersuite functionalities and capabilities are the same in either operating environment.
your decision to operate “locally” or on a “dprocloud server” is based on whether you have access to good “it” people internally or available to you locally.
if you’re ready to “outsource” the cost of new servers, operating system software and it expertise to a “cloud hosted” environment, then you are assured of good hourly data backups and reliable access to your important accounting data 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!
having your own dedicated cloud server, with hourly backups that are retained for a running fourteen (14) day period of time ensures that if you ever got ransomware, our it team could pick a valid restore point and resume operations for you with a minimum of downtime and no expenses paid to criminals due to ransomware!
with either implementation, powersuite enterprise will provide you with solid accounting software, with iron-clad audit trails and powerful reporting systems and top shelf e-commerce tools to help you manage your specific business needs!

reporting & integration systems

data pro provides several options to generate custom and advanced reports from the various software modules that are included as part of the powersuite enterprise.
dp/dashboard/crm allows for drilldowns and customized reporting, via a browser, to fit virtually any sized company’s needs.
the dp/auto module sets triggers for reports to be sent to e-mail addresses, but also can be used for integration by importing data automatically from a wide range of third-party sources.

 
 














 





 

					shopping cart					


 







productspowersuite
dprocloud
key features
infinity commerce modules
additional products

add-on data pro products
3rd party integrated products
dp/dashboard/crm add-on
dp/auto add-on scripts


credit card/ach processing

overview
dp/payment portal


data sheets
dpaforms
 



supportrequest technical support
order tech support contract
live remote assistance
holiday hours
current product release
yearend procedures
payroll tax table instructions
w4 setup information
w2/1099 instructions
user manuals
knowledge base
 



companycontact
about
return policy
terms & conditions
privacy policy
 

accountregistration/login
cart
checkout
 







corporate address
111 second avenue northeast
suite 360
st. petersburg, fl 33701 us



727-803-1500 voice



727-803-1535 fax



 











copyright © 2025 data pro accounting software, inc.
 











×





scroll to top





































