











psp-x | we will be back soon!



















 

















psp-x
how we started
contact us
blogs
 


select page


  
 



 



 













welcome to the psp x-files

let the ultimate duo help you…

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





the internet world
seo is so important in the internet world if you want your website to stand a chance against your competition! its the bread and butter of owning your own business and it will always be essential if you want to make it in the online world! to have your own business is amazing and very rewarding! you may be a business that is local for many people and your business thrives off them entering your shop in the hope that passers by may decide to pop in for a gander or to enquire about your services but… in today’s day and age, it’s not the way forward if you want to better your business and expand your customers!

 
 
 



take bigger steps
putting a larger sign up just won’t cover it, it needs to be expanded in other ways. now, when some business owners think about expanding, they thing about the bad parts like, having to get a big shop… more money! having to pay for fancier things… more money! having to hire more staff… more money! right? but with an online business, it’s not like that at all, it’s a lot simpler! you don’t have t go and buy that bigger property to move your shop into or any of that… you just have to do a little search engine optimisation and your business will be booming with customers flooding in from anywhere and everywhere!

 
 
 
 
 



%



efforts
when we begin to work on your website, we always give it everything we’ve got!

 
 
 

%



helpful
throughout our time together, we will always focus our attention on you from start to finish.

 
 
 

%



pride
we take great pride in our work and we aim to always exceed your expectations.

 
 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 





why should you choose us?

 
 
 
 





the best
you will always receive our highest efforts and you will always have our full attention. we strive to give you the best outcome you could ask for.

 
 
 




our ideas
we make sure that all of our ideas are unique and powerful! together we can make your website the best it could possibly be.

 
 
 




5 stars
our work is to a very high standard and we never go below it, our recent customers love our work and we continue to deliver.

 
 
 




questions?
whilst you are in our hands, if you have any questions or concerns along the way we will be the first to help you with any requests.

 
 
 
 




we are easy to speak to, easy to work with and quick at what we do but always keep it professional and that is what makes us the best search engine optimisation team by far! we believe that providing our clients with the best service we could possibly give means everything and we aim to please every single time we have a job to do.

 
 
 
 
 





have a question?
let us answer it for you! we aren’t two guys that as soon as you ring we won’t let you off the phone until we get a deal! we are just two genuine guys that are amazing at search engine optimisation and want to help you out by bettering your business with our outstanding knowledge!

 
 
 



we are a team
working as a team, we get things done quicker but we also have our own special talents and ideas to spice your work up a little! we are very professional and always put you first! we will never loose sight of what is important… you! you will be at the head of all we do and will always have a say.

 
 
 
 
 



latest news
 

tips for hiring a contractor
by admin before hiring a professional contractor, it is important to do some research. you can start by searching business directories or online directories for contractors in your area who specialize in the work you need done for instance if you was looking for a tree surgeon or arborist checking cylex’s online directory will put you in the right place. this will help narrow down your options and make it easier to compare different contractors.
read
you should also read blogs or reviews online to learn more about potential contractors. ask questions on forums related to the type of work you need done and look out for recommendations from others with similar projects. reviews can be especially helpful as they provide insight into the level of customer service and quality of work a particular contractor provides. read more…
 

advantages of using social media for business
by admin the 21st century has brought the social media revolution through technology more than any other thing if it is to be considered relative to any other thing. almost more than half population of the world uses social media which is why social media platforms are itself communities and places where potential customers can be targeted and reached.
why social media for marketing?
it is now of common knowledge that social media is extremely popular and if not being said hypothetically, unavoidable at all costs. most small businesses nowadays start through social media pages on facebook and instagram like this double glazing company. most people benefit from the dynamic functioning of the social sites in their favor so that their new initiatives can easily blend in and grow.
increases popularity of your brand/company
social media helps brands and companies to spread the word about their work and products through easy marketing and helps you in your business because nowadays every individual googles the specific product or brand before even considering to buy it. but more important than the fame and popularity is the opportunity that social media platforms provide an individual to target audience at a wider scale. in simpler words, it is a way of easy and efficient promotion. you can also partner with influencers/bloggers to promote your brand on social networks. read more…
 

kinds of taxi services
by admin kinds of taxi services
 
irrespective of where you live, you always need a cab service on your contact list even when you aren’t a normal cab user. to accommodate the growing demands of the cab uses of the passengers across the world along with the birmingham cab business, several kinds of providers are in performance. keep reading to know more about different kinds of taxi services running around the planet.
 
hackney carriages
hackney carriage birmingham
 
a permit must be accessed by the drivers as soon as they’ve passed the training class to run the cab.
 
private hire
private hire taxi
 
the booking can be reached via phone, fax or the web but it needs to be produced out of the company supplying cab services such as airport transfers instead of calling directly using the taxi driver. but they must undergo a tiny topographical test so as to acquire a’private hire’ driver permit.
 
uber services
uber taxi birmingham
 
uber is the most up-to-date in cab services that could be availed by passengers around the pre-booking basis. passengers can reserve this taxi via the’uber program’ in their telephones. throughout the interactive channels on the program, users can find the space of the destination. the transparency of this payment program and the convenience provided by uber services would be the attributes making them the hottest cab services in several nations.
 
special-needs taxi
disabled taxi
 
special-needs cab is a sort of taxi service operating in several nations. this support is mainly operated for disabled men and women. they’ve a standard-equipment ramp whereby individuals in a wheelchair may enter and leave easily.
 
luxury cars
luxury taxi
 
in most nations, luxury automobiles are utilized for flying passengers to provide them an easy, relaxing, and ride. this cab service may only be availed pre booking foundation.
 
taxibuses
taxi bus
 
these vehicles are often more compact than the trucks. a predetermined or semi-fixed course is followed closely for transporting the passengers. also called shared taxi, a taxicab doesn’t leave until all of the seats have been filled. they’re more economical when compared to other providers.
 
the kinds of taxi services generally differ from nation to nation. inform us in comment box, which sort of cab services are supplied on your nation.
 

seo what?
by admin 
a good point for us as search engine optimisers is that not everyone can do it as good as us! my friend focuses on “seo penkridge” while we have learnt from the best search engine optimisers in the west midlands and we know all of the important factors as well as the parts that some businesses forget or don’t even know about so fortunately we have had the best training out there! i owe it to them as they have enabled me to start my own successful digital marketing business, so thanks interlead! feel free to check them out their web design is crazy! p.s if you purchase anything let them know paul from psp-x recommended them as they offer a fantastic referral programme.
the great thing about search engine optimisation is that not everybody knows about it yet so with having seo done on your website, you have the potential to rank higher than all of your competitors and leave them wondering what has happened and why you are there!
some businesses think that they don’t need a business to do their seo and feel that they can do it for themselves but nine times out of ten we have business owners coming to us claiming that they thought they could do it for themselves to save money but have either ended up making a mess or their website and needing more work doing to it now or they have gotten so confused and realised that the amount of tools and assets they need, it would cost them more to buy them than just paying an seo company to do it for them!
seo will always be needed but not everyone will know about it, get there before everyone else does and get your website to number one!

 
 

get ranking everyone!
by admin getting your website to the first page is all to do with optimisation. many businesses try their best to get their website to the first page by trying lots of different things and sometimes spend a lot of money on advertising and try other things but it all comes down to search engine optimisation and that is the only way you will get there, it is that simple.
not many internet users will ever click onto the second page, let alone the third page! if your website isn’t optimised professionally, your specific targeted audition will go for your competitor or they will start to look for someone else in another area instead. search engine optimisation is so well worth it and must be done professionally! some businesses decide to do it themselves but it only takes a few weeks to realise that you may be doing damage to your website instead of getting it to reach its full potential!
get ranking on the big search engines and watch your business better itself every day whilst your visibility shows your customers who’s the best business… you!
 

social media has never been so important!
by admin 
the best thing for you business owners is google’s algorithms now see social media profiles as influence when it comes to search rankings! it is said that a few things have got to be finalised regarding what effect it will actually have on your overall ranking but its never been so important for your business to be n social media!
like search engine optimisation, social media will have to be an ongoing thing because if you set it up and never use it ever again, people will most likely think it is an old account and no longer exists so making sure someone is up keeping it is vital! social media is absolutely huge nowadays and it is used a lot of the time for advertising too! having lots of different social media accounts for your business is now proving a great asset as its giving google tonnes of new reasons as to why they should bump you up the page and that you are a well and trusted business.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 











