



 










legacy programs of uo continuing and professional education




















 










skip to main content




home
discover
services
about
contact






 







give
visit
apply













continuing and professional education







home
discover
services
about
contact









legacy programs
you may be searching for a program that was once administered by university of oregon continuing and professional education, previously known as academic extension and the continuation center. below is a list of some of those programs and where you might find additional resources. 
applied information management program (aim)

the applied information management program (aim) was an interdisciplinary degree through the uo graduate school, administered by continuing and professional education.  aim closed in 2020, with its final cohort graduating in winter 2020. directions on how to request a transcript can be found on the office of the registrar's website.
aim capstone papers can be read and downloaded from the uo scholars bank.

behind the lens

behind the lens was a noncredit film seminar that took a relaxed approach to exploring the history of cinema. the final program offering was summer 2017. for those interested in pursuing film events at the university, continuing and professional education's osher lifelong learning institute offers a film series as part of its programming. also, the department of cinema studies offers free and low-cost screening events that are often open to the public

geology of central oregon

starting fall 2018, the geology of central oregon program offered quarterly workshops in partnership with the uo department of earth sciences. the workshops coupled educational lectures with field trips to local areas of interest, including crooked river caldera and mt. bachelor. volcanologist dr. daniele mckay led the fledgling program, which was halfway through its second academic year when the workshops ended due to the covid-19 pandemic.
dr. mckay is active in other organizations, namely the central oregon geoscience society (cogs), which offers free presentations open to the public. cogs presentations are held the fourth tuesday of the month from september to november and january to may.

meeting/festival & event management certificate

the meeting/festival & event management certificate program closed in june 2009. if you previously received a certificate through the program and need documentation, please contact continuing and professional education via e-mail at cpe@uoregon.edu or by telephone at 541-346-4231.

mindfulness-based stress reduction

the mindfulness-based stress reduction (mbsr) program led under the direction of program founder and instructor dr. lisa freinkel ran from 2013-2018. while the program is no longer available through continuing and professional education, there are several options in the community and through the university of oregon to pursue stress reduction programs.

lane county community led by dr. esther lisa freinkel tishman
community members through uo rec center


road scholar

the oregon bach festival road scholar program offered by uo continuing and professional education was offered for the last time in summer 2016. while this particular opportunity is no longer available the oregon bach festival is still offered each summer in eugene, oregon. for a complete list of concerts and activities please visit the bach festival website.

substance abuse prevention program

the substance abuse prevention program (sapp) that was administered between the college of education and continuing and professional education offered its final class in summer 2017. directions on how to request a transcript of any credit classes taken can be found on the office of the registrar's website.
the certified alcohol and drug counselor (cadc) and certified prevention specialist (cps) state certifications are administered by the mental health & addiction certification board of oregon (mhacbo). please contact mhacbo to learn more about the cadc and cps.
the lane community college (lcc) human services program offers the coursework required for the cadc i and cadc ii. for more information about lcc’s cadc course work, please contact christina salter, human services faculty & cooperative education coordinator, at salterc@lanecc.edu.

sustainability leadership certificate program

the sustainability leadership certificate program closed in fall 2015. if you previously received a certificate through the program and need documentation, please contact continuing and professional education via e-mail at cpe@uoregon.edu or by telephone at 541-346-4231.
directions on how to request a transcript of any credit classes taken can be found on the office of the registrar's website.

uochss

as of february 2017, the university of oregon courses for high school students (uochss) program is no longer available.
students who took courses in the uochss program received uo college credit. if the students go on to attend the university of oregon, this coursework will not count toward university of oregon's group requirements or required courses for a major. for example, if the student took ec 199 through uochss, the credit will not count towards social studies group requirements. additionally, if the student plans to major in economics at the university of oregon, then ec 199 cannot be substituted for ec 202: microeconomics. uochss credits can be used toward elective credits at the uo.

uo insight seminars

the uo insight seminars program, created and led by dr. jim earl for 20 years, has moved to a new format. the series is now titled saturday seminars and is hosted by olli-uo.
these four-week college-level courses are for people eager to engage in college level study for the sake of personal fulfillment. seminars are noncredit and ungraded. however, there is a good deal of challenging homework, which typically includes reading of both primary and secondary materials. while seminars are led by faculty who provide formal study guides and lead college-level discussions, participants are expected to be prepared to actively contribute to each session.
participation in saturday seminars is open to general community members (olli membership is not required.) however, active olli members may register at a reduced seminar fee.

uo professional development for educators

the uo professional development for educators (pde) program that was administered by uo continuing and professional education stopped administering credits in spring 2019. directions on how to request a transcript of any credit classes taken can be found on the office of the registrar's website.
if you previously received a pdu or ceu certificate through a pde workshop or training and need noncredit documentation, please contact continuing and professional education via email at cpe@uoregon.edu or by telephone at 541-346-4231.
on other ways to fulfill your professional development requirements, please visit oregon teacher standards and practices commission (tspc) or contact your local school district.

uo real solutions

uo real solutions stopped taking new registrations in spring 2018. if you previously received a certificate through the program and need documentation, please contact continuing and professional education via e-mail at cpe@uoregon.edu or by telephone at 541-346-4231.

uo summer session

for a full listing of summer term classes at the university of oregon, please visit the class schedule available on the office of the registrar's website. if you are not a currently admitted university of oregon student and are interested in taking classes, please visit the office of the registrar's website for more information.







about continuing and professional education


baker downtown center, eugene
uo central oregon

legacy programs
inclement weather information










discover our programs
discover continuing and professional education
lifelong learning
professional development
continuing and professional education a-z
additional services
additional services
conference services
eugene event facilities
program registration support


about
mission statement
baker downtown center, eugene
uo central oregon
legacy programs
inclement weather information


contact
contact us
continuing and professional education staff
541-346-4231
800-824-2714
cpe@uoregon.edu

1277 university of oregon
            eugene, or 97403-1277
office hours
monday–friday
            9:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m.



continuing and professional education is a department within the division of student services and enrollment management.




report a concern
nondiscrimination and title ix
accessibility
privacy policy
careers
about
find people


© university of oregon. all rights reserved.






