







arctic images

























































































whatever you want to portray - the hot or cold things in life.
						the pure or the colossal, you will find something out of 
						the ordinary in the image bank of arctic images.
"ragnar has an amazing ability to make just about any scene special and interesting.
						his skill goes beyond what can be taught, into the realms of raw, undiluted natural talent." 
						- clive stacey managing director, discover the world
"it is no exaggeration to say that much of our success is due to ragnar's images" - clive stacey managing director, discover the world
“ragnar's life and work are filled with high adventure. enthusiasm and resourcefulness permeates everything he does.
						he has fun getting there and you can live vicariously through his images.” john paul caponigro, fine art photographer
"for me, being in iceland feels as if there are hundreds of hidden stories to discover, all you have to do is seek them out.  working with ragnar is an engaging and satisfying process."
						- bill bon art director, getty images ny  
"ragnar is probably the finest arctic photographer" - michael j quinn, fine art landscape photographer
"his intimate knowledge of the landscape and how it changes with the time of day and season is invaluable."
						- michael j quinn, fine art landscape photographer
“there are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.” - ansel adams
"i myself have always stood in the awe of the camera. i recognize it for the instrument it is, part stradivarius, part scalpel." - irving penn
“there are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer.” -ansel adams





arctic images

							specialising in the exotic arctic, the content is varied with a unique blend of roaring volcanoes,
							glaciers, aurora borealis, geothermal power as well as people and culture. 
							images from arctic images have been featured in publications such as new york times,
							national geographic, times, nature and newsweek to name a few. images from arctic images
							can be found on this website via the image search as well as external photobanks such as getty and corbis.
							




ragnar th.

							ragnar th. sigurðsson founder of arctic images, a native icelander, has been a professional photographer for over 30 years.
							ragnar is frequently on the move in the arctic areas on a quest for the light, 
							perspectives and motives existing only in this unique territory on the top of the world.
							always equipped with the latest in technology, ragnar aims to capture new perspectives of the world with the advancements in technology.
							




books

							through the years ragnar has published a multitude of books ranging from photography to books on geology,
							glaciers and volcanoes. ragnar published the book eyjafjallajökull: untamed nature in 2010,
							where he and geologist ari trausti guðmundsson documented the volcanic eruption that crippled air traffic over a large part of europe.
							the first two editions sold out fast leading to a third, updated edition: "eyjafjallajokull: grandeur of nature".
							










ragnar th. sigurðsson - arctic images | rth@arctic-images.com | tel: +354 892-7808


copyright 1995-2013 www.arctic-images.is all rights reserved











