










national computer camps - coding, stem and more for kids

































































skip to content


 
admin@nccamp.com
 203-710-5771













national computer camps – coding, robotics, cryptography for kids




    menu	
why ncc  

13 reasons to choose ncc
fast facts about ncc
what parents and campers say about ncc
news articles
camper projects
online year-round tutoring


register  

online registration
registration by us mail
tuition, scholarships, locations, dates
availability
1/2 day program
camp schedule  

residential & day camp
1/2 day camp


year-round tutoring


curriculum  

course descriptions
year-round tutoring
daily instruction
1/2 day program
sports and recreation
camp schedule  

residential & day camp
1/2 day camp




about ncc  

fast facts
the ncc staff
camp philosophy
privacy statement
our mission
camp schedule  

residential & day camp
1/2 day camp


camp archives  

news articles
camp videos
slide show


history of ncc


contact ncc  

email/call ncc
camp reference list
ncc at your location


forms  

course selection form
health form
rx authorization form
what to bring
on campus directions


home






search for:


  search










america’s original computer camp® since 1977 the exciting high tech computer camp for kids offers much more than coding, web design, software, and game design. in 2025 ncc offers residential and day camps in connecticut and georgia. ncc is where campers arrive with a dream and leave with a future.
 
register now














































 welcome to ncc
where can a camper design a video game, learn to code, create a phone app, take apart a computer, write a web page, and make new friends? at national computer camps! ncc is america’s original computer camp since 1977 and is unique; campers may attend one or multiweek sessions with a continuous curriculum that covers all aspects of computing and includes an optional sports program.    the camps are ideal for both experienced and first time campers.

ai at ncc
introducing our new hands-on artificial intelligence (ai) course. it is offered to campers of all
background levels. learn more




scholarship grants
ncc has received funding for scholarship grants.
all residential and day campers may receive scholarships.
funds are limited   register now!


 







				
recognized excellence spanning five different decades. now in our 48th consecutive year.			







				ncc receives the 2024 conn excellence award and the award for dedication in computer education			







				a camper's project, connect four with unbeatable artificial intelligence			







 
 our testimonialshow did you hear about ncc? "i did a web search for computer camps and then spoke to the director. i was very impressed with the camp's philosophy and especially its unique curriculum. i also called several families on the camp's reference list. after that the decision was easy."
   read what parents say testimonial 1





 highlights of the camp video


 
curriculum and courses
for beginner, intermediate and advanced campers.

2d game design
3d game design
web page design
fly a drone
3d printing
html 5


minecraft modding
software applications
qr code programming
programming languages
android app programming
arduino electronics lab


learn more






 why ncc ?


fun and learning
computer camp is not a summer school, but rather a place where learning and fun are rolled into one and where the campers’ self-esteem is of foremost importance.



creative computing
what distinguishes ncc from other camps is that ncc provides campers with life-long computer skills. as its primary focus ncc provides a solid foundation in computing.



sports programs
as part of the computer+sports option, campers may select basketball, soccer or ultimate frisbee. optional recreation such as swimming and kickball is also available.



excellent staff
the camp counselors are former campers who have been associated with the camp for many years and are excellent role models for the campers.












home













 copyright © 1978-2025 national computer camps, inc. all rights reserved.

 

 
facebook
admin@nccamp.com
sitemap



 


























































































































































































