













introduction to oceans sciences - reefimages & introduction to ocean sciences








































introduction to ocean sciences 
5th edition (ver 5.0), published 2024
isbn: 978-0-9857859-2-5
the 5th edition of introduction to ocean sciences is an open source textbook that is free for anyone to download, read and print for personal use only (donations are welcome - scroll down to find how). the textbook is available only as a pdf file that can be read and printed using any adobe or other pdf software viewer. you can read the full table of contents here. the online version of the textbook is a fully peer reviewed publication that has been adopted for classes in well over 120 colleges located in 17 countries and 29 us states. for instructor support information  scroll down.
last edited date february 5th 2025 (ver 5.03). minor update, fixed wrong image in fig 2-14(a) --- please clear your browser cache to ensure download of most recent versions (ver 5.03) . 

textbook files
complete book file (pdf) - 46.8 mb
because the complete book file is large and may take several minutes to load on slow web connections, individual chapters are also available as pdf files through the following links:
      

chapter 1 the ocean planet
chapter 2 history and importance of ocean studies


chapter 3 studying the oceans
chapter 4 plate tectonics: evolution of the ocean floor


chapter 5 water and seawater
chapter 6 ocean sediments


chapter 7 ocean-atmosphere interactions
chapter 8 ocean circulation


chapter 9 waves
chapter 10 tides


chapter 11 coasts
chapter 12 foundations of life in the oceans


chapter 13 coastal oceans and estuaries
chapter 14 marine ecology


chapter 15 ocean ecosystems
chapter 16 impacts of humans on the oceans


critical concepts
glossary and appendices


index
boxes - 8b1 - 
                                         8b2 - 
                                        16b1 - 
                                         16b2


please contact the author through this link if you find misspellings or other errors in the textbook or if you think  there is something that needs to be added. because the text is completely  electronic, corrections and additions based on any new studies can be made  available immediately.  
this textbook was entirely produced by the author and made  available as an open source textbook to avoid the high costs associated with  commercial publishing. the textbook would sell through a publisher for over $150 of which the author would receive only about 10%.  there is  absolutely no obligation for anyone to pay anything for the text but, if you  find the text valuable and choose to, you may donate a few dollars (or even just one dollar if that is all you can afford) toward future editions and enhancements of the text through the donate link below.






instructors - if you wish to adopt this textbook for a course, we can support you with an instructor's manual, full test bank, and power point presentations. please contact us through the button at the top of this page and we will let you know how you can verify your status as an adopting instructor. minor edits to the text are made, usually several times a year, so please remember to refresh your downloaded copy of the text before each semester. 
 









reefimages     homefishes .invertebrates and sceneslocationsslideshowsvideoclipsimagessearch copyrightpurchase infocontact     usocean sciences     textbook











© 2016 - 2025, all rights reserved.

















built withbacklight












reefimages     homefishes .invertebrates and sceneslocationsslideshowsvideoclipsimagessearch copyrightpurchase infocontact     usocean sciences     textbook 



















