










executive search | midland-marvel recruiters.

































































skip to content































homeabout who we are our team processexpertise legal healthcare engineering & manufacturing machine & electrical / electrical design industrial sales and marketing fluid power and process consumer products rubber and plastic medical device & med techsearch jobsresourcescontact




 




×
homeabout who we are our team processexpertise legal healthcare engineering & manufacturing machine & electrical / electrical design industrial sales and marketing fluid power and process consumer products rubber and plastic medical device & med techsearch jobsresourcescontact










 















defining excellence in recruiting since 1973.


next-level service.
unparalleled experience.
















expertise




let's connect






















about mmr


success is built on teamwork—work with real industry experts with decades of experience. we are your competitive edge.



























who we are

mmr is an executive search and staffing firm specializing in niche industries through a highly-adaptive approach to the hiring process.
our story 




get to know us

our recruitment specialists have served their fields since 1973, making the connections and building the relationships that drive industries forward.
our team 




our process

at mmr, we believe in connecting professionals to businesses through a deeply collaborative and adaptive hiring process.
learn more 




start a search

at mmr, we represent candidates at all levels. we have the connections and the experience to find where your skills can do the most good—where you can grow as professional and a person.
find a career 






















expertise


effectively serving a diverse industry set











at mmr, our specialized and dedicated recruiters provide highly sought-after talent and leadership to a growing list of industries, including but not limited to legal, healthcare, engineering, manufacturing, machine, electrical, electronic design, consumer products, rubber and plastic, industrial sales and marketing, fluid power and process, medical device and med tech.








































 
 

legal
read more 





 
 

healthcare
read more 





 
 

engineering & manufacturing
read more 





 
 

machine & electrical / electrical design
read more 





 
 

industrial sales and marketing
read more 





 
 

fluid power and process
read more 





 
 

consumer products rubber and plastic
read more 





 
 

medical device & med tech
read more 

























our partners


making powerful connections in our industries








































































uniquely qualified to meet your diverse talent and leadership needs. begin your relationship with midland-marvel recruiters.








get in touch










 



































expertise







legalhealthcareengineering & manufacturingmachine & electrical / electrical designindustrial sales and marketingfluid power and processconsumer products rubber and plasticmedical device & med tech








contact us






midland-marvel recruiters. 
28601 chagrin boulevard suite 515
cleveland, ohio 44122
locations in ohio, florida and south carolina

phone: (216) 292-2855
toll free: (800) 338-1257
















midland-marvel recruiters.  | made with  by recruiters websites









 












