





cortez chamber

















skip to the content






cortez chamber












toggle mobile menu





toggle search field





search for:



 












9 ways to make your money work for you


july 2, 2024
 / 
harry morris



1. keep money in an account with the potential to earn higher interest or returns
you might as well stash your money under a mattress if you’re not holding it in a high-yield savings account, investing it through a brokerage account, or having it in another account that could come with higher earnings. sure, keeping your money in cash gives you more control over it, but it reduces the chances of it growing. high-yield savings accounts, for instance, offer more interest on what you put in than a traditional savings or checking account would. cash management accounts, which could offer many of the same benefits as a checking account, such as mobile check deposit and atm debits, also tend to offer competitive rates. and over time, returns from investing in the stock market tend to be higher than what you could earn in a traditional savings or checking account. still, past performance doesn’t guarantee future results, and you could lose money in the stock market.
2. give money enough time in the market
you can’t expect your investments to grow exponentially overnight. in fact, you might not see any growth from day to day, particularly with lower-risk investments. a whole lot of nothing happening in the short term might tempt you to cash out.
but over the long term, you might benefit from compounding, or when earnings on your money also earn money. that’s why it’s about time in the market, not timing the market to predict when it’s best to sell or buy: the longer you’re invested, the longer compounding has a chance to do its thing.
cashing out early is a possible growth stunter for another reason. not only does it limit the time your money has to potentially grow, but some investment accounts and types of investments—such as 401(k)s and certificates of deposit (cds)—could come with fees and/or tax penaltiesopens in a new window for withdrawing money too soon.
3. don’t give in to volatility
when you invest and the market goes up, your portfolio might follow. if the market goes down, your portfolio might be down too, and it could make you want to pull your money out. but heading for the exits too early could hinder long-term growth.
bear in mind wall street history: bull markets, when the market is going up, tend to last longer (median 42 months) than bear markets (median 19 months), which is when a market index falls by at least 20% from recent highs.1 historically, stocks have expanded more often than contracted, and during those upswings, markets rose an average of 15% per year. they’ve even grown 1% per year during recessions.2
while volatility can be unsettling, being uninvested could be worse for your wealth. some research has shown that missing just 5 good days in the market between 1980 and 2022 could have reduced portfolio returns by as much as 38%.3
4. don’t let taxes cut into profits
your investment strategy could impact your taxes. for example, if you buy a stock through a taxable brokerage account and then sell it, profits from that sale are taxable capital gains. how much you’ll pay on those gains depends on factors like how long you’ve held the stock and what tax bracket you fall in. but there’s a strategy called tax-loss harvesting which allows you to sell investments that are down, replace them with reasonably similar investments, and then offset realized investment gains with those losses. the end result is that less of your money goes to taxes and more may stay invested and working for you.
there’s also something called asset location investing, which takes into account where you hold investments (as in, the account type), as well as what you’re holding. certain accounts, including health savings accounts (hsas) and roth iras, allow certain tax-free withdrawals; and you’re exempt from paying federal taxes for selling certain investments. (municipal bonds are generally federally tax exempt.)
5. intentionally set aside money for investing
if you don’t purposefully save money, then you’re likely to have less of it to invest that could potentially grow. budgeting could help, especially if you build investing into your plan. since there’s less of a chance you’ll spend money you don’t see, consider signing up for your employer’s retirement plan or hsa, and automating savings into those accounts, aka redirecting funds from your paycheck or perhaps a checking account to an investing or savings account.
6. rebalance or diversify your portfolio
let’s say you planned for your portfolio to have x% in stocks and y% in bonds. then as the market rose and fell, your portfolio got out of whack, making you over-index in one of those asset types. there are 2 ways to get things back on track and help limit risk: rebalancing is when you buy and sell holdings to change the ratio of how much you have in stocks, bonds, and cash to align with your goals. diversification is another tactic. it’s when you keep a mix of investments that don’t usually move in the same direction. that way, when some investments drop, other parts of your portfolio might rise. not making these changes as your portfolio changes could cause your money growth to slow.
7. look at total comp packages before accepting a new job
salary, title, and responsibilities might command most of your attention when evaluating a job offer, but don’t neglect a new role’s total compensation package. that would include your employer’s contributions to health and disability insurance costs, and whether the company offers a retirement plan, hsa, tuition assistance, student loan repayment assistance, and employer matches to any accounts. these offerings could help you save more money more quickly, and some could even spare you some taxes. other possible offerings, like equity, restricted stock units (rsus), and stock grants, are a way to get into investing without having to front your own cash to do it.
8. calculate the cost of leaving a job
some companies require you to be vested, or at the job for a certain amount of time, before you get to keep, say, the employer match to a retirement plan or stock options granted as part of your compensation package. make sure you run the numbers to see if leaving is worth it before you give up anything, or check if your new company is willing to pay those out as an incentive for you to join.
9. never abandon accounts
americans forfeit $1.5 trillion in retirement savings a year when switching jobs, according to portability services network.4 whether you have a 401(k), ira, or other investment account, explore your options when you leave a job. and if you haven’t done so in the past, search for unclaimed funds you may have inadvertently left behind. according to the national association of unclaimed property administrators, americans got back more than $5 billion in forgotten money from bank accounts, insurance payments, refunds, safety deposit box contents, cds, paychecks, and security deposits in a single year.5




what is the role of the chamber of commerce?


april 25, 2024
 / 
harry morris



a chamber of commerce is a powerful force that can help shape the future of business for the better. as a business owner, it’s important to know what the chamber of commerce can do for you and the wider community, as well as to understand why a chamber of commerce can help businesses of any size grow and succeed.
what is a chamber of commerce?
a chamber of commerce is a network of business owners who come together to network with each other and to help guide business legislation in their region. chambers of commerce are independent and do not create laws or regulations themselves, but they have great influence with legislators when it comes to lobbying, and are therefore seen as an authoritative figure in the business landscape.
a chamber of commerce may sometimes be referred to as a board of trade. they are encouraged to support legislation that will help small businesses thrive through programs, campaigns, schemes and discussions.
being a member of the chamber of commerce provides your business with the opportunity for extra exposure, gives you a space to network with other business owners, and allows you to engage deeper with your community and influence legislation.
there are a number of other benefits that can come with being a member of a chamber of commerce, such as being listed in a valuable members directory or receiving exclusive deals or discounts from fellow members.
the british chamber of commerce
historically, france was the first country to introduce a chamber of commerce, in 1599, while the british chambers of commerce (bcc) were formed in 1860. the international chamber of commerce is the largest, with over 45 million members across more than 100 countries.
the british chambers of commerce is made up of 53 accredited chambers, and represents about 100,000 business members and over 5,000,000 employees. it’s designed to help local businesses both large and small succeed by providing support and resources and forging new relationships between firms.
the 53 chambers that make up the bcc are spread across the uk, and these local chambers aim to be a fundamental support system for small businesses in the community.
the london chamber of commerce & industry is the largest of the bcc’s 53 local chambers.
there is no specific area that the bcc is focused on, they provide support to firms in every sector. any business can connect with its community’s chamber of commerce to gain insight, seek opportunities for growth, and discuss solutions and changes that will help businesses grow.
chambers of commerce are responsible for improving the local business environment and strengthening communities through advocacy, networking, and campaigning. in addition, they create an easy line of communication for business owners to connect with governing bodies.
for instance, a small business owner can raise a concern with their local chamber of commerce, who may discuss the issue and decide whether to address it at a municipal level with the local council, or to take further to a national level with the bcc. the bcc can then bring this issue to policy makers in the hopes of influencing national change to benefit all business owners.
the bcc is also part of the even wider global business network, which connects chambers of commerce around the world to help uk businesses broaden their horizons internationally.
how does the chamber of commerce work?
chambers of commerce meet regularly, and high-ranking members are often called upon by parliamentary committees to offer perspective from the business community on economic issues. the bcc annual conference is held in westminster and is attended by high-profile senior politicians and business leaders, which has included the foreign secretary, chancellor of the exchequer, and the prime minister, as well as many foreign dignitaries.
the ‘bridging the gap’ campaign is an example of bcc’s influence. this campaign encouraged stronger collaboration between education providers and businesses, creating better opportunities for young people seeking work. they did this through the development of the young chamber, a wing of the bcc dedicated to this specific cause. the young chamber hosts events, workshops, careers fairs, work experience programs, and more.




chamber of commerce: what it is, what it does, how it makes money


march 13, 2024
 / 
harry morris



what is a chamber of commerce?
a chamber of commerce is an association or network of businesspeople designed to promote and protect the interests of its members. a chamber of commerce is often made up of a group of business owners that share a locale or interests, but can also be international in scope. they will choose leadership, name representatives, and debate which policies to espouse and promote.
chambers of commerce exist all over the world. they do not have a direct role in creating laws or regulations, though they may be effective in influencing regulators and legislators with their organized lobbying efforts.
key takeaways

a chamber of commerce is an association or network of businesspeople designed to promote and protect the interests of its members.
chambers of commerce exist all over the world.
while chambers of commerce do not directly influence political outcomes, they may try to influence or lobby local community leaders to pro-business stances.
many chambers of commerce rely on membership dues as their primary source of revenue.
the international chamber of commerce (icc) is one of the largest, most diverse business organizations in the world.

how a chamber of commerce works
the first chamber of commerce was founded in france in 1599. the first one in the united states started in new york in 1768. the united states chamber of commerce was founded in 1912 and promotes pro-business issues via lobbying efforts at the national level. at the state, city, regional, and local levels, chambers focus on issues and advocacy relevant to their individual membership.1﻿
such chambers may or may not be affiliated with the u.s. chamber of commerce through a federation partnership program. the national chamber tends to support conservative politicians and is the largest lobbying group in the u.s. chambers of commerce differ from trade groups or trade associations, which promote a specific industry.
among the benefits chamber members receive are deals and discounts from other chamber members, listing in a member directory, and a variety of other programs and services designed to promote business activity in a region.

https://17db1f59fcd9752480f713f6423d16ce.safeframe.googlesyndication.com/safeframe/1-0-40/html/container.html

chambers of commerce also play an important role in local municipalities in promoting business activity and representing chamber members. at least at the local level, chamber of commerce members often meet to discuss and attempt to shape policy that relates to the business and overall economic environment. members also receive the distinction of being a preferred local vendor, as well as listing on various municipal websites and literature.
how a chamber of commerce makes money
many chambers of commerce rely on membership dues as their primary source of revenue. most chapters offer various levels of membership at different prices with different benefits for their members.
every member is required to pay dues, which help cover the organization’s overall operating costs. chambers may also hold fundraising events in order to raise additional funds or require the special purchase of tickets to attend their events.
typically, chambers of commerce are designated as 501(c)(6) corporations for federal tax purposes. this classification allows chambers of commerce to operate as nonprofit entities, while also giving them the authority to represent their members in policy matters.2﻿
types of chambers of commerce
chambers of commerce may follow several different formats.
regional, city, and community chambers
regional, city, and community chambers are focused on regional or local issues featuring cooperation with local government, but may also promote broader pro-business initiatives that cross borders, such as promoting trade between immigrant groups and their home country.
city chambers
city chambers aim to promote a city’s economic interest locally and possibly globally.
state chambers
in the u.s., state chambers focus on statewide and sometimes national advocacy, and therefore have greater influence over regulations and legislation.
national or international chambers
national or international chambers focus on advocacy or lobbying for national or broader issues.
compulsory chambers
in some countries, businesses of a certain size are required to join a chamber of commerce, which provides a degree of self-regulation, as well as promotes member businesses, supports economic development, and oversees worker training. such chambers are popular in europe and japan.
in some countries, chambers of commerce provide key economic data by surveying their membership. for example, the british chambers of commerce quarterly economic survey is used by the government to gauge the health of the economy.
international chamber of commerce and incoterms
the international chamber of commerce (icc) is one of the largest, most diverse business organizations in the world. the icc was founded in paris, france in 1919.
the icc represents more than 45 million companies in over 100 countries. the organization has a vast network of committees and experts working on behalf of its members in all sectors in order to ensure that they are fully informed about issues that may impact their respective industries.3
the international chamber of commerce (icc) supports the work of the united nations, the world trade organization, and other intergovernmental bodies.
one of the most important contributions of the icc is their publication of international commercial terms, also known as incoterms. incoterms are intended to facilitate global commerce by providing parties involved in domestic and international trade with a kind of shorthand to help understand the exact terms of their business arrangements. the icc developed the incoterms in 1936. incoterms are globally recognized and used in foreign trade contracts to clarify the obligations of both buyers and sellers.
some commonly used incoterms are exw (ex works), fca (free carrier), and fob (free on board). the term exw places the maximum obligation on the buyer and minimum obligations on the seller. the seller must make the goods available at their premises, or at another named place, and the buyer incurs the risks of bringing the goods to their final destination. 
the term fca refers to a situation where the seller delivers the goods, cleared for export, at a named place (possibly including the seller’s own premises). the goods can be delivered to a carrier nominated by the buyer, or to another party nominated by the buyer.
the fob refers specifically to rules for sea and inland waterway transport. under the terms of fob, the seller bears all costs and risks up to the point the goods are loaded onboard the ship.45
chamber of commerce faqs
how does a chamber of commerce influence public opinion and policy?
chambers of commerce will act to promote public policies that are in the best interest of business, in general. specific chambers of commerce may also attempt to promote policies that serve specific industries or geographic locations. some tactics that chambers of commerce might use include lobbying, expressing their positions publicly, attempting to educate its members, and mobilizing other business groups or factions on a particular issue. 
how can i make my chamber of commerce successful?
chambers of commerce can act as a bridge between governments, small businesses, corporations, schools, religious organizations, and the general public. usually, they rely on volunteers to make sure they are successful. plus, getting involved with a chamber of commerce in your community can offer significant benefits to you, including making new friends, contacts, and potentially gaining new customers.
what are icc rules of arbitration?
the icc offers dispute resolution procedures through the international court of arbitration. the icc rules of arbitration are used all around the world to resolve cross-border disputes.
the icc international court of arbitration was started in 1923. it provides individuals, businesses, and governments with services for every stage of a dispute. although the name has the word “court” in it, the international court of arbitration is not actually a court. rather, it exercises judicial supervision of arbitration proceedings. its duties range from monitoring the arbitral process to adjusting fees and advances and confirming and appointing arbitrator




should you join the chamber of commerce?


march 5, 2024
 / 
harry morris



a chamber of commerce is an independent local business network with the common goal of ensuring local companies grow and prosper. some people argue that joining one is essential for your business to reach its optimum potential. as with any organisation there are pros and cons to joining which need to be weighed up based on your business requirements:
pros
networking
your local chamber of commerce increases your opportunity to network with other like-minded businesses. this is essential in achieving business growth, creating new opportunities, finding excellent candidates for recruitment and connecting with key influencers in your industry. you will also expand your contacts and connect with local professionals who are also looking for new opportunities. when networking, your business will stay ahead of trends and be able to tackle problems by gaining other experienced people’s perspectives. 
increase your company’s exposure
if your business is fairly unknown, joining the local chamber of commerce is an excellent way to increase brand awareness. communications such as the newsletter and magazine will list your business as a new member increasing your visibility amongst other members. 
gives credibility to your business
being a member improves people’s perception of your business as being reputable, successful and offering quality products/services. according to a research study by the shapiro group, inc. and market street services, when consumers know a business is part of a chamber of commerce they are 44% more likely to think favourably of it and 63% are more likely to buy products/services from it.
access to other credible businesses
jo preihs from greater manchester chamber of commerce says that “by being part of an accredited chamber of commerce, you not only have access to hundreds of potential clients in your local area, but also a vast network of businesses across the world. the chamber of commerce network spans over 40 high growth and emerging markets and can offer practical support and help in all aspects of your business journey.”
cons
membership fees
there are fees to pay when joining a chamber of commerce, which can deter some businesses, especially growing start-ups with little venture capital. some companies have to weigh up the costs with the benefits of joining this type of organisation. 
face to face with competitors
a chamber of commerce can involve working together with other businesses to benefit the local community. this may result in you having to work with your biggest competitor, seeing them at events or even sitting next to them at a meeting. if this makes you uncomfortable or feel intimidated, then being part of this organisation may not be for you. 
hard work
joining a chamber of commerce will not solve all of your company’s problems. being a member requires some time and effort to reap the benefits. you can’t pay the fees and just expect to gain new clients. attending events, networking with other members and being




what is a chamber of commerce? definition and benefits of joining one


february 23, 2024
 / 
harry morris



owning and running a business is challenging. you’re always looking for more ways to market your business, reach new customers, and solve problems. while you can seek solutions online, joining a chamber of commerce might give you the answers you’re looking for. 
here’s what chambers of commerce are, the different types, and how they can help your business thrive. 
what is a chamber of commerce?
a chamber of commerce is a network or association of business leaders who work together to foster growth and create business opportunities. these organizations offer a place for members to come together and discuss local, regional, and even international policies and other business issues. they often have a common goal of eliminating obstacles and creating a business-friendly environment. joining a chamber of commerce can allow a small business to access resources and collective political power they may not be able to gain individually.
chambers of commerce are usually classified as 501(c)(6) entities under federal tax law, which is a type of nonprofit organization. they are run by a board or executive council, and chamber of commerce executives are typically elected by members. although chambers of commerce may work with or lobby members of the government, they’re typically not affiliated with any government entity and don’t receive public funding. instead, chambers operate by collecting membership fees and hosting fundraising events. 
5 chamber of commerce types

city, regional, and local chambers of commerce
state
national and international chambers of commerce
specific business interests
compulsory chambers of commerce

different chambers of commerce cater to different types of businesses. these organizations can vary widely both in scale and focus.a community chamber of commerce may lobby local government officials to implement business-friendly laws, an international chamber of commerce might focus on cross-border trade and import policies. these are some of the options available to business owners and interested employees: 
1. city, regional, and local chambers of commerce
local chambers of commerce are less expensive to join and tend to focus more on specific issues and geographies. a citywide or regional chamber of commerce focuses on issues affecting the local economy in your area. this is an advantage if you do business locally and your concerns are shared by other nearby businesses. for example, if you’re worried about construction on main street in dubois, pennsylvania, your local chamber of commerce is more likely to share your concerns than the united states chamber of commerce, which includes members from the entire country. 
local chambers of commerce can be organized by city, region, or neighborhood, depending on the size and density of the area. the city of new york, for example, has multiple chambers of commerce. in addition to a citywide organization, there’s also a brooklyn chamber of commerce and several groups for specific neighborhoods within brooklyn, including the park slope and north brooklyn. in areas where several smaller cities are close together, chambers of commerce are sometimes formed by region, such as the monmouth county chamber of commerce in new jersey. regardless of size, these organizations partner with local representatives to voice the concerns of local businesses. 
2. state
almost every state has a statewide chamber of commerce—massachusetts and rhode island are the only exceptions. state chambers of commerce are available to any businesses operating within that state. these larger organizations work across regional boundaries and may have more influence than smaller chambers. they tend to focus on statewide legislation, such as tax laws, and may also advocate for national legislation that increases business opportunities within their states, such as infrastructure development. 
3. national and international chambers of commerce
national and international chambers of commerce deal with broader issues like importing and international trade. these are best for companies with international vendors or operations in multiple states. the largest of these is the international chamber of commerce, which was founded in 1919 and represents more than 45 million companies worldwide. 
4. specific business interests 
chambers of commerce can also be formed by a specific industry or group of people. such chambers are open to businesses in a given sector or business owners from a specific group—which ensures member businesses face similar issues and shared concerns. for example, the us women’s chamber of commerce is open only to small businesses that are at least 51% owned and operated by women. this chamber focuses on creating opportunities for business success as well as supporting policies that benefit women and families. 
5. compulsory chambers of commerce
compulsory chambers, also known as public law chambers, are common in the european union. under this system, businesses of a certain size or that operate in specific sectors are required to join a chamber of commerce. 
benefits of joining a chamber of commerce
chambers of commerce exist to further the interests of the business community. in addition to lobbying for legislation, chambers offer a variety of benefits to member businesses, including: 
discounts
chamber members are often eligible for discounts from other businesses in the same organization. these may include discounts on office supplies, insurance, or travel. taking advantage of this benefit can help reduce your business’s operating costs. 
networking opportunities
the chance to expand your professional network is one of the main reasons to join a chamber of commerce. attending meetings and other chamber events is a great way to connect with local business owners and network like a pro to build business relationships.
marketing opportunities
chamber of commerce members or their services may be listed in the chamber’s online directory. this free marketing can drive business referrals. as part of your marketing plan, you may offer a discount for your services to fellow chamber members.
make your voice heard
as a chamber member, you’ll have the opportunity to bring attention to issues affecting your business. if other members of the business community feel the same way, you may be able to work together to find a solution. 
educational opportunities
chambers of commerce publish educational articles or host events that provide opportunities for professional development. these resources can help business owners learn how to navigate and influence local legislation, obtain permits, or build a recognizable brand. 




chamber theatre


january 18, 2024
 / 
harry morris



10th november 2013
‘exploring motivation at the moment of action’
considerations regarding robert breen’s chamber theatre in drama teaching.
luke abbott president natd
may 29th 2014
some further thoughts about the use of ct in heathcote’s dramatic inventions.
i have been meaning to work with the chamber theatre (ct) technique invented by robert breen (1) for some time now but have only used its processes sporadically in my teaching so far. actually 43 years. being oblivious to breen’s concepts, until 1982, i learned with dorothy heathcote how ct worked. even then i dismissed it, as a rather quaint way of dissecting texts such was my hubris at the time. it was not until i had to think through the structure of the programme for the advanced year 3 drama teacher’s courses with the amman summer school in 2012 organised by qercd (2) in ramallah palestine, that it became horribly clear that i had yet again dismissed something of huge importance and significance too early. i do have this shocking habit i am afraid and this has cost me dear over the years. i have attempted, in a very rough way, to give an example of how ct might be used in any classroom from eyfs to adult. (obviously a better way for readers to understand more is to tackle the book written by breen in the first place!)
so what is ct in a nutshell and why so significant to moe?
robert breen (3) coined the term in his unique treatise on the analysis of how writers and author’s manipulate (or facilitate) the reader’s dramatic imagination (4) as the reader begins to construct imaginary images triggered by the text in in use. breen drew our attention to the conventions of western literature (both fictional and non-fictional) analysing so adeptly and originally, how the author’s voice in a written text format is ‘present’ throughout and how it is used in the infrastructure of the written form. he goes on to dissect the author’s voice into 2 functions.

the benign observer’s voice as a description to the reader of the details to create a detailed image of the context or the ‘major or minor narrator’.
the omniscient narrator who has the power to play many functions in the context and not all of it truthful. charles dickens in a christmas carol invented a great example of such a figurewith the ghosts from the past present and the future. all of whom were functioning as narrators in the text and in the later numerous film adaptations. these are examples of an omniscient narrator powerful and almost god-like with the power to lift as well as destroy.

furthermore, i contend that if we use ct, we are able to delve deeper into these voices, constructed by the author/s for the reader to decipher. this enables us to be in a focussed psychological position more able to decode hidden dimensions hitherto invisible. furthermore we can enter onto some of the subterranean levels of the text to generate multiple layers of meaning thus increasing our intrinsic emotional enjoyment of literature as well as understand the extrinsic structure that holds it all together.
if we are using moe as a system for learning, then we will attempt to examine the context of the responsible team or enterprise, under construction and scrutiny, with a view to introducing a wider, relevant set of text(s) to deepen the participant’s understanding and provide significant levels of challenge in their learning. up-scaling the demand, so to speak, on the intellectual emotional and cognitive powers of learners as a by product.
we see here, yet again, one of the invisible aspects of the teacher’s skills brought to light in the teachings of dr heathcote. we can begin the selection and choice of texts but such a process is subject to the experience and knowledge base of the teacher her/himself. how much reading have we done in our lives? what are the literary texts that have influenced us to bring to our classes, and what genres are we familiar with that can be harnessed to the learning journeys we create for children and young adults? this does not speak of how we as teachers have been trained. rather it speaks of our life experiences that we bring in all its richness’s or tragedies that makes each teaching series unique. in other words we are at the mercy of our limitations as teachers in this respect. heathcote managed to use and research the vast terrain of her her literary knowledge to select a text to fit the contexts under investigation. (for example she structured an ancient welsh text, that for most people was completely unknown!) it is clear that this hidden dimension is critical in one of the main constructs she used within the process over time within moe. i remember very clearly in many of the seminars i attended during my year long (and too short) masters programme with her on the systems learning approach to moe, hearing how the overall process needed both internal coherence and tightly sequenced within quite defined parameters. there would always be an enterprise (responsible team), a client who triggered to need for the imagined enterprise/responsible team to take action, tensions would become evident through the building of the day to day conditions and activities of working within the imagined enterprise to comply with the client’s demands or requests. these would form the basic ingredients, with endless possibilities for inventions by learners and leaders of learning (teachers etc.) that we all found ourselves struggling with. then we discovered that within the working sequences other rhythms were very possible to incorporate. we discovered that we would always need a ‘map’ of some sort, maybe in three dimensional form, or a diagrammatic, model or in another representation of the environment under investigation. for example, the wolf enclosure and surrounding lands in an moe concerning the re-introduction of wolves in the scottish highlands. furthermore, during the events that followed, later on in the learning process, visitors could be invented in the sequence who would be disempowered to have any influence to interrogate the class, but rather be positioned as truthful ‘unknowing’ visitors from another country (latvia perhaps) to learn the best ways the scottish team coped with their challenge. (5) further forwards in the sequence we could use a range of written text………..and apply ct to the chosen text/s, to challenge the learning of the class further. the question here is what sorts of texts would be possible to use with a class of year 9 students in an inner city environment that could be usefully brought to their learning around conservation of the lupus species in our scottish highlands moe structure? it is a question that haunts me still, as such a choice relies on my inner resources as a human being as well as a teacher willing to research my knowledge and needs base in depth and breadth.
however, comfortingly, i have discovered that the choices for selection of text for ct can be as simple or as complex as needed, depending on the class, their interests, their capacity to be challenged, their reading skills, their willingness to tackle challenging texts together in collaboration and so on. in our highland example, could i use an extract from the script of ‘an american werewolf in london’? or an extract from ‘wolf brother’ by michelle paver? perhaps i might use a scientific extract from a technical book appropriate to the wolf agency, concerning the mating rituals of the wolves in yellow stone park us, or maybe a poem……’tyger tyger’ by blake for example………
an example of ct from an age gone by.
consider this anonymous lullaby as an example of a simple text. i first heard the sung version in my early teens by my mother and grandmother when they used to rock my brother as a baby. my nan, although from antrim in northern ireland, was a devout catholic believer. i have no idea if this belonged to a catholic tradition or an irish one. in working all over the uk, i have discovered that many people know a similar or very close version.
the lullaby goes like this and perhaps became a children’s song (6) along the way of history perhaps?
it seems to me that if we use breen’s ct method, we have the possibility of interrogating the text above for hidden meanings, constructing inquiry questions creating further imagined compound images buried in the text.
a reader may ask if any of this is new? well no, this concept is not new, but the implications for treating the text beyond inquiry and applying breen’s technique is. breen himself refers to ct as a technique rather than an art form. however, his elaborate details in the structured assertions offer drama and theatre practitioners’ new scope and perhaps new horizons in learning and teaching praxis. we might also remember that sam mendes used breen’s method to construct a deeply moving and startlingly new staged version of ‘as i lay dying’ by william faulkner in the 1980’s. (7)
returning to the text above however, from a straightforward ‘inquiry’ point of view, we have many angles to consider and questions worthy of attention that drive us to seek answers to the text’s current perplexing circumstance. we are, however, very lucky as the anonymous author gives us many clues in the use of the words invented, but for what purpose must remain in the pages of historical mystery.
our investigating learners can begin to make connections through a diverse mode, (8) of matters outlined in the text which generate layers of meaning, through hypothesis and allied conjectures.
for example:

the singing/speaking figure is signed as addressing another (perhaps) very young figure in some manner or other. we have no idea if the being in question is actually present or if the figure is handling ‘rabbit skin’ as a representation of the child/being.
there is also the question about the length of time the ‘daddy’ has been currently absent, his current whereabouts, and the implications of obtaining a rabbit, perhaps trespassing on land not owned by him resulting in his apprehension by an authority perhaps or an enemy, depending on the period of history and social circumstance we are in.
also, for what purpose will the rabbit skin be required to perform when, and if, the ‘daddy’ figure returns?
do the weather conditions prevalent have anything to with the circumstances?
how cold/hot/wet/snowy etc. is the environment the figures inhabit?
is there the need for the rabbit skin’s warmth, softness or even camouflage?
where is the ‘song’ being sung?
is there a tune being used, either known by habit or culture or by momentary invention by the singer?
is the child/baby in a crib or in the arms of a mother, mother substitute or currently elsewhere?
are the figures in a dwelling of some sort or in the wild?
for what reason is the song being sung?
what is the health of the child/baby/figure being addressed?
are the people portrayed ‘on the run’ perhaps escaping to a new place from a place of danger?
to which period of history does this context belong to?
beyond the singer/speaker are all people referred to currently alive?
is the singer/speaker alone?

however breen warns us (9), considerations such as these, however intriguing, have the beguiling but alienating effect that emotionally isolates us and captivates us in the singular realm of intellectual engagement. in addition, the inquiry process alone distances us further from the text in the sense that we focus on the author’s creation itself, almost as in a police interrogation and keeps us in an objective ‘outside of the text’ position. perhaps, metaphorically looking through a window into the world of the text.
however, if drama is applied in any of its forms, the very nature of dramatic inquiry takes us emotionally closer to the edge of meanings, bizarrely through the very distancing devices within questioning, inquiry and solutions orientated pedagogy dramaturges are familiar with. many writers have asserted similar theoretical positions, brecht(10), ericsson (11) alongside nora morgan and juliana saxton (12) and of course heathcote (13).
but let us look at the text in another way, and this time from within. we can use any dramatic device of course to in order to bring the text closer to our emotional being. breen’s techniques help us here, if we apply his beguilingly simple technique using chamber theatre. to do this we ask three simple questions (14):

‘who might we select/invent to utter words in the section of text under scrutiny?
in what ways can the words written be allocated to protagonists and be uttered so that we might have the opportunity to decipher the point of view the speaker(s) is aligned to, truthful to the context?
which of the chosen ‘voices’ could represent the function of the omniscient or objective narrator truthful to the context ?’

using the text of the lullaby, suppose we invent a script in which we keep to the cardinal rule that no words can be tampered with (15), added or edited in any way, as the author’s creation must remain as written and therefore respected. in this way too, the new creators, in this case drama students building on the text, have the opportunity to investigate the questions as an ensemble. such a process creates the conditions where the divergent is uppermost (ken robinson rsa animate) and the learning will happen in groups.
‘where great learning for growth is possible.’ dr ken robinson
as investigations become more complex with the connections being invented to create the holding form, (witkin) convergence will be necessary.
the investigators have to agree a solution to the main questions as above-who might represent the narrator (in either objective or omniscient form). secondly, which protagonist, true to the context and invented from a variety of dramatic forms, might utter the words? finally, to decide in situ what point of view is expressed and by whom.
an example
in the following ct example, the points of view can only be demonstrated by the space generated between people, the timbre of the words used as well as the power and pace they are uttered. it is only through drama that this is possible as no written explanation can convey the complexity of the moment of the ‘now’. this is drama’s unique ingredient as an art form and cannot be replicated in any other way. in this manner, authors create drama in the reader’s imagination in the texts designed as such. however, applying ct techniques the dramatic imaginings come to life for the story to be seen/shown and brought into the social setting of communal art. otherwise the story remains in the mind of the reader of course. breen’s technique and other allied dramatic procedures elevate this private individualised meaning making process to the shared social one.
now perhaps we can begin to understand how dr heathcote in the 1950’s and 60’s began to apply and incorporate ct technique to her formidable pioneering educational practices. ct and breen’s allied theoretical framework examining points of view for example and representational concepts in texts, showing the story as opposed to just telling the story, began to tackle and perhaps, answer many of her emerging quandaries concerning the universal nature of theatre and drama forms. here in the one domain of chamber theatre, was a technique that could unify context drama, process drama, theatre form and theatre for performance, in the intimacy of a studio/classroom/workshop.
as history has demonstrated, for heathcote, this was only a beginning to her application of the diverse forms of theatre and drama later to be incorporated into mantle of the expert. as many who attempt the fathoming of her techniques, methods and inventions, we find out to our cost, isolating one small aspect of her genius and claiming to know how her work in entirety, is deeply fallacious. her work is an amalgam of many inventions. like any great artist, her emerging collective techniques would be applied as if from a shimmering dramatic based kaleidoscopic palate, and all in situ. this marvellous palate ranged from applied theatre emanations such as process drama, drama for learning, context drama, drama and role play, mantle of the expert, rolling role, chamber theatre and the 4 projections of role. in her dynamic way of working these were all practically trialled and developed under her intellectual leadership in the academic drama field. yet in her work, as seen in the deeply moving account of her work in ankara turkey (published in the nd publication, the world’s greatest drama teachers) we glimpse the unerring nature of her quest for the new even in applying such a dynamic learning experience for the learners involved, as well as the teachers and others who witnessed the events.
in the following ct example below, we see a possible outcome from discussions and trials of tackling the main tenets of breen’s amazingly revealing technique, that of showing the story within the context of an anonymous lullaby rather than telling the story.
[scenario: the text is set in a remote landscape in medieval england. a number of figures can be seen around a bundle of cloth of what might be a baby. an armed figure is seen pointing at a figure of a woman who lies still on the ground. the first woman kneels over the lying figure.]
first woman: bye baby bunting.
father’s voice: your daddy’s gone a hunting.
armed figure: to fetch a little ‘rabbit’s’ skin
second woman (narrator): to put a baby bunting in.
in this version we might perceive the beginnings of a tragedy, a mystery or even a black comedy? what has happened here is clearly the result of much debate and discussion within the group as the dramatic context unfolds from the initial seed of the text. the drama students creating this small piece of theatrical art have clearly understood much of how to create theatre form in a textual invention through the choices they have made. in terms of scrutiny we can analyse the 3 questions needed for ct and ask ourselves if, from the newly allocated worded structure, they have been incorporated. we would it seems to me, have to witness the piece live to understand how points of view have been woven in as the bare bones of the theatre text is not sufficient.
the performance issues and enigmas still remain of course. how is the father’s voice emanated and from where? how are the words spoken and signed to emanate meaning? what are points of view expressed by the speakers and so on? all this to be answered by the live representation/performance of a piece of text created years ago and anonymously.
————————————————————————————————————————————-
notes:
1) chamber theatre robert breen published by prentice hall isbn 0-13-125211-9
2) qercd-the qattan education research is the ramallah based foundation created by the qattan family to support arts and education in the occupied territories of palestine. the jordanian summer school supports over 120 drama teachers a year. this course was initiated and tutored by david davies (uwe) and wasim kurdi (qercd).
3) ibid
4) the dramatic imagination is a concept of dramatic theory developed and analysed by dr dorothy heathcote. the dimensions are-sound and silence, movement and stillness, lightness and darkness
5) i well remember a day in southend essex in 2001, visiting a class who had investigated bees in their nursery. as a visitor disempowered, i was a member of an imaginary team of visiting bee experts trying to emulate the successes of the nursery class in our bee place. i had to undergo a gentle interview, wear gloves at all times, sign a declaration that i would not touch or harm the hives and wear a visitors badge too. at the end of the afternoon i was awarded a commendation as a visitor who kept to all the agreed procedures agreed at the outset. the curriculum tasks resulting for these children elevated the experience for one visiting hmi as a lesson of outstanding learning impact.
6) the opie’s wrote the seminal text ‘the lore and language of school children’ in 1959 and in other texts i have yet to find the lullaby mentioned.
7) william faulkner ‘as i lay dying’. (1930)
8) dr ken robinson (rsa animate 2010)
9) breen op cit.
10) verfremdung effect- berthold brecht in ‘brecht on theatre’
11) stig erickson – distancing at close range oy arkmedia ab isbn 978-952-12-2314-3
12) nora morgan and juliana saxton. “drama-a mind on many colours” …..
13) dr dorothy heathcote & oliver fialla in drama as context nate 1980
14) breen op cit
15) breen pages 85-86 op cit




5 benefits of joining your local chamber of commerce


january 3, 2024
 / 
harry morris



learn how your local chamber can create business contacts, increase credibility, expand your network, provide resources, and support professional development.

a chamber of commerce is an integrated business network that works toward the common interests of small businesses in local areas across the united states. your local chamber of commerce can offer visibility, credibility, support, and more for your new or growing business.
here are five reasons why joining a chamber of commerce can be the best thing you do for your business — and how to sign up for your local chamber.
benefits of joining a local chamber
it helps you make business contacts
when you decide to join a local chamber, you automatically open up yourself — and your business — to a network of potential partnerships. business contacts from your local chamber could become the supportive community you turn to one day for assistance or vice versa. in addition, your new business contacts may be the people who serve as your sounding board for new ideas, come up with solutions to internal business problems, and even partner with you on a new endeavor.
it increases your credibility
belonging to a chamber gives your business a leg up compared to those who are not members. a company with this level of credibility becomes desirable to consumers, increasing the likeliness they’ll seek out your goods or services in the future. compare belonging to a chamber as you would having a college degree when applying for a job; it tells your future employer — or consumer — you know what you are doing.




5 benefits of being a member of the chamber of commerce


november 19, 2023
 / 
harry morris




a chamber of commerce is a place where business people join together to reach specific goals. joining chambers of commerce will provide an unlimited range of benefits for your business, and it helps you improve your company and have close relationships with professional business owners. with one hundred percent trust, chambers tend to assist newly established businesses along with helping the economy and industry in all divisions. 
what is a chamber of commerce membership?
you might have read about chambers of commerce before, and you are probably familiar with the unique possibilities that a chamber of commerce offers to your business. apart from accessing a reliable source of business knowledge, chambers aim at supporting creative ideas that can provide excellent solutions for today’s business challenges. 
becoming a member of chambers means you are an essential part of a professional group that consists of business owners, business managers, and industry leaders in a local area. if you are a business owner or a manager, there are never-ending benefits to joining a board of trade in your region. 
there is generally a membership fee to come on board and start working together with business professionals who provide their valuable experience to inexperienced business people. whether you manage a small business or you have an enterprise business with a large number of employees, you can submit a request to join a board of trade. there are exceptional opportunities to perform marketing, introduce your business, and meet people related to your industry.
is it worth it to become a member of chambers?
in short, yes. it is worth it to spend time and join such a network. it can be a unique opportunity and a once-in-a-lifetime chance to join a chamber of commerce. if you seek a way to expand your business and boost marketing, a board of trade is where ideas take root and businesses flourish. 
you can become a member of chambers to access excellent resources and get great assistance for both you and your business. by attending a chamber’s events, you are always up to date and have the latest information about business trends and ideas. 
chambers of commerce can be called the center of innovation and cooperation in the industry, where knowledgeable people team up to solve business challenges, focusing on a region or a state. healthy boards of trade are vital to achieving a great economy and industrial development. all developed and developing communities inevitably need chambers that offer on-time and trustful solutions to current issues in the industry.
what are the advantages of joining a chamber of commerce?
business professionals are always looking for new opportunities to meet other business people and learn from them. a chamber of commerce can supercharge your knowledge in your field and give you a unique opportunity to do marketing and introduce your brand to many business owners and executives. 
here are some of the great benefits of chambers of commerce for business owners and managers:

making valuable business contacts

making business contacts can be a challenging problem for business people. it costs a fortune to find those experts in different fields of industry who can help you in a specific topic. 
whether you are looking for business contacts to expand your business or want to draw lessons from them, chambers of commerce can help. close contact with business owners or managers gives you a great chance to learn more, reinforce your marketing and sales, and improve customer acquisition practices. 

build credibility for your business

credibility is a good measure of understanding the trust of a company, among others. credibility means your company is believable, reliable, and trustworthy in the market. 
it is a key factor in distinguishing one business from others that comes when you have open and honest communications with your customers and business owners in your region. a wise business owner joins a board of trade as a member to be identified by other professionals. 
chambers of commerce provide business events and meetings that are good places to communicate with potential customers and acquire more users to stay alongside your brand.

increasing presence

increasing presence is an essential factor in expanding to new markets and receiving more revenue. 
when you’re attending a group of business owners and experts, you can leverage the situation to introduce your products and services to a wide range of customers and users. 
it’s crucial to be consistent in online marketing, but note that it is not just about showing up or running uncertain marketing campaigns. chambers of commerce can be the best places to increase presence through reliable methods. 
you can power up your business presence by communicating with people on boards of trade in an optimized and foolproof practice. your marketing message will be delivered to the right person at the right time. so, you have a well-prepared plan for increasing brand awareness and presence.

gaining discounts

by joining a board of trade, you have a chance to gain discounts on a wide variety of business needs.
chambers offers such discounts on shipping, marketing, insurance, and event invitations, and you will have discounts on valuable resources, including webinars and learning materials. 
sounds impressive to know members of a chamber of commerce often offer discounts to each other to promote their marketing plan and introduce their products and services to more people. 

professional development

you will spontaneously develop yourself by attending a group of business specialists and skilled individuals. 
more importantly, chambers of commerce regularly organize and hold professional development events. this is one of the best advantages of working together with a chamber of commerce that helps you boost your skills and gain better proficiency.
final thoughts
when you get involved with a chamber of commerce and work closely with business people, you’re more likely to improve your business and provide useful solutions to problems. chambers or boards of trade allow you to become aware of community problems and figure out the latest challenges that the economy is dealing with. 




reasons why to join the chamber


october 11, 2023
 / 
harry morris



increased credibility
​
we put this one first because it’s probably the most important. by marketing your business as a chamber of commerce member, you boost credibility and your business becomes more desirable to customers. you’ll also have an advantage over your non-member competition, as customers will see your business as more trustworthy. in a national study consumers were 63% more likely to buy from chamber members, and 57% more likely to think positively of their local reputation.

connections
​
the chamber can help connect you to the people and resources your business needs to grow and thrive. the business owners and operators you meet through thechamber can become your clients as well as open doors to other companies that help grow your business. by networking with other members you’ll find that you can access many different business resources to help solve problems or improve efficiency.
business advocacy
the chamber serves as a voice for local business owners and industries at local organization and governmental entity meetings. this includes addressing issues that may arise with new regulations, taxes, fees, assessments, and costs directed at the member businesses they serve. it also helps protect the principles of free enterprise and aids businesses in being treated fairly. when you join the chamber you become a part of that voice. your role is relevant and your opinion becomes part of the many contributed voices that together have a greater ability to influence public policy and government affairs.
information & training
you likely don’t have time to stay on top of all the local, regional, and state issues which could impact your business, but that’s at the heart of what we do. we keep you informed so that you can concentrate on growing your business. newsletters, polls, surveys, and other business data accessed through the member resourceportal can help you quickly and efficiently stay up to date on relevant business happenings. we also offer training – whether it is a leadership lunch, a seminar on improving your company’s marketing, or a workshop on using quickbooks, the chamber hosts several programs to help you increase your skills in all aspects of your business.
promotion & referrals
the cortez area chamber provides a variety of promotion and publicity options to help you grow your business and increase its visibility. this includes ribbon cuttings, sponsorships, advertising, and more. with over a thousand calls and requests for information every year, as well as, a strong social media and website following the chamber is very well positioned to help increase your brand exposure and refer your business to new customers. members who actively participate in networking events through the chamber also tend to benefit from other chamber members recommending and referring business to other chamber members.
giving back & community involvement
consumers along with other business owners and operators want to do business with someone who is vested in their community. when you give back to your community through active involvement in your local chamber you’re helping others, and that helps the business community become stronger. when the business community is vibrant and strong, the local economy is stronger, and that is good for all businesses that depend on consumers’ ability to spend in the local marketplace.















				© 2025 cortez chamber


theme by anders noren — up ↑






