


pumps









na-> template ->edit
  #navbar-iframe {
  height: opx;
  visibility: hidden;
  display: none;
  }
  















    
	pumps
	
  












tuesday, 13 may 2008



	 

	 hydraulic pump
	 
    


                                       hydraulic pump   hydraulic pumps supply fluid to the components in the system. pressure in the system develops in reaction to the load. hence, a pump rated for 5,000 psi is capable of maintaining flow against a load of 5,000 psi. pumps have a power density about ten times greater than an electric motor (by volume). they are powered by an electric motor or an engine, connected through gears, belts, or a flexible elastomeric coupling to reduce vibration. common types of hydraulic pumps to hydraulic machinery applications are; gear pump:      cheap, durable, simple. less efficient, because they are constant      displacement, and mainly suitable for pressures below 20 mpa (3000 psi).vane pump: cheap and simple, reliable      (especially in g-rotor form). good for higher-flow low-pressure output.axial piston pump: many designed with a      variable displacement mechanism, to vary output flow for automatic control      of pressure. there are various axial piston pump designs, including      swashplate (sometimes referred to as a valveplate pump) and checkball      (sometimes referred to as a wobble plate pump). the most common is the      swashplate pump. a variable-angle swash plate causes the pistons to      reciprocate.radial piston pump a      pump that is normally used for very high pressure at small flows. piston pumps are more expensive than gear or vane pumps, but provide longer life operating at higher pressure, with difficult fluids and longer continuous duty cycles. piston pumps make up one half of a hydrostatic transmission.  



posted by garo at 
     03:36 
       |
         1 comments











about me

name:  garo 

view my complete profile

links

hydraulic-pumps
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

hydraulic pump

archives

may 2008


subscribe toposts [atom]



 





