





	bakersfield association of realtors® mls home search website




































































 



















contact 







first name:*










last name:*











email:*











phone number:











comments:*














                              
                        














 









 saved properties | 
             saved searches | 
             sign in | 
        


 saved properties | 
         saved searches | 
         my account | 
         sign out





sign in

            this page or feature requires that you login.  if you do not have a login, click here to register for free.
        


e-mail: 



password: 




i forgot my password






not yet registered? create an account.





forgot password
enter the e-mail address you signed up with and we'll send your password to you.


e-mail: 








not yet registered? create an account.





create an account

            this page or feature requires that you have a registered account.
        



first name:*
last name:*






your e-mail address: *





choose password:*
confirm password:*

























already have an account? sign in.

















toggle navigation









home


buy and sell
                                

open houses
property search
find a realtor®
market stats
affiliates



resources
                                

ethics & professionalism
california department of real estate
national association of realtors®
california association of realtors®
helpful links



education


about us
                                

why use a realtor®
about the association
leadership team
committees
past presidents
past award recipients
staff
sponsor & advertise



join





























































































































































realtors® are the ultimate source for local real estate




propertymap search


find a realtor®


open houses






location:















try a quick search:

residential
residential income
new construction
lots & land
commercial
farm & ranch




















buy a home
see the most up-to-date and reliable source for real estate available for sale 
browse listings







find a realtor®
our local real estate experts are ready to assist you with buying or selling a home.
local agents







local service affiliates
find local home service professionals to help you along the way.
home service pros













now more than ever, expertise mattersrealtors® are experts at buying and selling a home

realtors® not only help make the dream of homeownership a reality, they also help build better communities. the bakersfield association of realtors® is a non-profit organization founded in 1905 that serves over 3,000 realtors® and affiliated professionals. realtors® abide by a strict code of ethics and have access to a wide variety of business tools to facilitate the buying and selling of real estate everyday.
search homes








mobile search?

                there is a mobile property search version available.  would you like to redirect? 
                (not all content is available on the mobile site).
















featured listings
view some of the top listings in all areas we serve.


see more listings

















articles
browse our extensive library of homebuying and selling articles, tips and trends.


read more


















giving back to our communitybakersfield association of realtors® charitable foundation
the mission of the bakersfield association of realtors® charitable foundation is to strengthen relationships and enhance the quality of life for those who live, learn, work, and play in our community. it is a 501(c)(3) organization that is governed by a board of directors and supported through donations and fundraising efforts. the charitable foundation annually awards scholarships to college-bound students, grants to non-profit organizations, and provides in-kind support throughout the community. 
learn more











home service professionals & affiliates
in the course of a real estate transaction, many real estate businesses are involved such as lenders, escrow and title companies, home inspectors, warranty providers, pest control services, and more. these businesses are critical to a real estate transaction and protect consumers. the bakersfield association of realtors® partners with affiliates to expand their network and support the development of their business. the bakersfield association of realtors® especially recognizes those affiliates who have demonstrated their hard work and professionalism in service to the organization. 
partner with us










































explore neighborhoods we serve

seven oaks
tevis ranch
city in the hills
oleander-sunset
silver creek
rio bravo
kern city
olde stockdale
haggin oaks
search all bakersfield



more resources and information


market stats
service pro affiliates
find an agent
about us
join us
agent login






 661.635.2300
 2300 bahamas drive
bakersfield, ca 93309






















bakersfieldrealtor.com 

 

copyright © 2023 bakersfield association of realtors®. all rights reserved. accessibility








built and powered by salecore











ok
www.bakersfieldrealtor.com learn more about our cookie policy or privacy policy.



