






welcome to tamperproof




javascript is disabled on your browser.
		to view this site, you must enable javascript or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser.
	

       request a quote  my account  login  |  register    0  your cart is empty    tri-wing screwphillips pin-headone-way slottedopsittorx pin-headtp3 securitysnake eyes spannersocket pin-head    search  products phillips security screwssocket security screwssnake eyes® spannertorx® security screwsnutstri-wing® screwsstandard torx® (non-tamperproof 6-pointed star screws)opsit® reverse thread screwsone way slotted security screwsone way stainless steel sex boltstp3® triangular security recess screwsfastener tools and assortment kits screws 101  quick order  about us     go   tamperproof: the "proof" is in our name.manufacturers of the snake eyes spanners. all made in the usa. also stocking phillips pin-heads, torx and socket pin-heads,tri-wings, opsit, one-ways, and our exclusive tp3.we specialize in stainless steel screws.eight styles of tamper-resistant fasteners in over 1000 sizes.family owned and operated since 1983free ups ground shipping on all first-time tp3 orders over $100screws 101intro to security fastenerstools of the tradesee our line of tools and kitsdownload a catalogview our product linethe history of the “snake eyes®” trademark: tamperproof was the first company to refer to the two-hole drilled spanners as the “snake eyes”. that began over 40 years ago. the name derives from the casino game “craps”: when one rolls the two dice and gets a “1” and “1” on each die, that’s called “snake eyes”. when we began selling the spanners we found that buyers, when explaining the type of screw they wanted, would often tell us “you know, the ones that look like snake eyes”. what makes tamperproof’s snake eyes® spanners distinctive is that the 2 spanner holes are drilled. the drilled spanner holes allow a tight fit with the matching tools. other manufacturers usually punch the holes in the head when the screw is being cold-headed. this makes the fit of the matching tool less secure and the driver bits can slip off. so though they may call them “snake eyes” they are not necessarily the same product. only tamperproof offers the original snake eyes ®.    back to top       30 laurel street hicksville, ny 11801  phone: 516-931-1616 fax: 516-881-4229 email: info@tamperproof.commonday - friday 8:00am - 4:00pm newsletter sign up subscribe   © 2025 tamperproof screw co., inc. here to helpshippingreturns & refundsshopping with usinternational deliverysize guidesabout uscorporate sitecontact usfaqsfaqs  ® snake eyes is a registered trademark of the tamperproof screw co., inc.® opsit is a registered trademark of the tamperproof screw co., inc.® tp3 is a registered trademark of the tamperproof screw co., inc.® torx is a registered trademark of acument intellectual properties, llc.® tri-wing is a registered trademark of phillips screw co.    















