


narrowcast





























saturday, february 15, 2025

 i ranked every rush album and every hüsker dü album for spin. 


11:55 am 


tv diary
friday, february 14, 2025

 a) "clean slate" george wallace is one of the funniest comedians in the world who i feel like never gets his due. and this sitcom he co-created with laverne cox is such a good vehicle for both of them, with the late great norman lear as an executive producer (and i'm really glad this is maybe the last new project with lear's name on it instead of that terrible animated "good times" reboot netflix put out last year). desiree (cox) goes back to her hometown in alabama and her father harry (wallace) is surprised to learn that his son is now a woman, and i'm glad that they don't make harry a full-on archie bunker-type bigot but still find the humor in the situation. b) "apple cider vinegar"kaitlyn dever got her first golden globe and emmy noms for two true crime miniseries, so it's no surprise that she did another one. but she played a downtrodden and sympathetic victim in "unbelievable" and "dopesick," while she's also very good at playing a bad guy for i think the first time in her career, a wellness influencer scammer, in "apple cider vinegar." it's kind of funny to watch a show about a horrible australian person named belle gibson, i don't think they ever comment on her name rhyming with mel gibson. c) "paradise"dan fogelman excels at folksy, big-hearted dramedy, so it's interesting to see him try his hand at a conspiracy thriller. sterling k. brown and julianne nicholson are great leads, and it's nice to see james marsden in a substantial role where he isn't acting opposite any talking cgi animals. i thought the first episode was by far the most entertaining one, though, i'm still waiting for the rest of the series to live up to that one. d) "going dutch"apparently this show is not filmed in the netherlands and has zero commitment to cultural accuracy and dutch wiki editors are furious about it, which cracks me up. denis leary is kind of a tiresome one-note lead, but i like the rest of the cast, which includes taylor misiak from "dave" and the great danny pudi. e) "mythic quest"danny pudi is also still on "mythic quest" so i'm really enjoying having two shows to watch every week that he's in right now. "mythic quest" was also co-created by a "community" writer, megan ganz, and the longer the show goes on, the more i feel like they're getting to stretch their legs and do "community"-style conceptual episodes, i really enjoyed this week's murder mystery episode. f) "animal control"another "community" alum, joel mchale, is in a more formulaic network sitcom, but i have to say this show has surpassed my expectations, i generally look forward to new episodes and everybody has good comedic chemistry. g) "mo"it's a bummer that the only show on american television created by and starring a palestinian-american is ending after only two seasons, especially because "mo" is pretty hilarious and doesn't shy away from mo amer's cultural identity but isn't entirely about it. i like the episodes that are more about mo's day-to-day life in houston than the whole storyline of him winding up in mexico that took up a lot of the end of the first season and the beginning of the second season, but even that stretch of episodes had a few really funny bits. h) "school spirits"i liked the first season of "school spirits" a lot, and i'm not sure if the second season is boring or taking itself too seriously or if the novelty has worn off. i) "your friendly neighborhood spider-man"i don't really like the animation style of this show. in theory, doing a rotoscope (or rotoscope-ish?) version of a classic comic book aesthetic sounds cool, but something about the way it moves just looks janky and almost cheap. j) "kite man: hell yeah!"i think "harley quinn" is one of the funniest shows on tv, and while watching recent episodes i realized that max ran a spinoff last summer that i had heard nothing about, so i'm catching up on it now. kite man was a hilariously minor dc comics character to turn into a significant part of "harley quinn." so i love that they doubled down on the joke by giving him his own show where he buys a bar, especially because they brought along one of the funniest "harley quinn" characters, bane. k) "invincible" the second season of "invincible" was a lot less entertaining or memorable than the first, i understand from a story standpoint why omni-man wasn't in those episodes much, but it just felt like the show suffered for it. so far, though, the third season feels like a course correction. l) "you would do it too""sky rojo" is one of my favorite foreign language shows on netflix, and creator david victori's recent apple tv+ series "you would do it too" hasn't quite hooked me as much but has some of the same pulpy action thrills. m) "midnight family"apparently people in mexico rely on ambulances run by private businesses, and this apple tv+ show is about a med student who works on a mexico city ambulance by night, pretty good show. n) "mr. plankton"a lot of the korean shows i see on netflix have these very contrived premises that remind me of the kind of concepts that went out of fashion on american tv after the '80s, i almost kind of like it sometimes, but not in this instance. o) "i have nothing"i am not familiar with the canadian comedian carolyn taylor, but apparently her most popular standup bit is about her hearing whitney houston's "i have nothing" on the radio and feeling consumed with the ambition to choreograph a figure skating routine to the song. and then she made a 6-episode reality show about actually turning that dream into a reality, in a very self-aware and ridiculous and charming way. i always enjoyed "i have nothing," it's prob a dark horse top 5 whitney single for me, but it feels kind of obscure now, which makes me like the show even more. p) "roller jam"really talented roller skaters are so entertaining to watch, i haven't watched a lot of this max reality show but when i have i've enjoyed it. q) "are you smarter than a celebrity?"travis kelce's palpable thirst for fame feels a little embarrassing to me. if he's hosting game shows now, just imagine what kind of crap he'll be doing for attention someday when he's no longer playing in super bowls and dating the biggest pop star in the world. he's not a bad game show host, though. one fun thing they do on this show sometimes is bring back people who were the kids on the original "are you smarter than a 5th grader?" to compete on this show as adults. r) "celebrity bear hunt"it took me way too long to realize that the title of this show refers to bear grylls and not an actual bear. it also took me way too long to realize that i've never heard of any of the celebrities in this show (except scary spice) because they're all british celebrities. s) "an update on our family"the stauffers became famous outside family vlogger circles a few years ago because they'd adopted a young boy with special needs, put him all over their youtube channel, and then decided to give the kid up and act like he never existed. understandably, these people didn't want to participate in the hbo docuseries about how they're terrible people, but a lot of it is told through the eyes of other youtube parenting influencer types and i don't think that was necessarily the right lens for the story.  t) "burden of guilt"a docuseries about a woman trying to find out the truth about her brother who died as a baby, really harrowing, heartbreaking stuff. u) "the takedown: american aryans"it's weird to watch a show about a federal agent taking down a white supremacist group at a moment when some white supremacist fucks are taking over the government and kneecapping federal agencies, it's almost nostalgic for a bygone era really. v) "prince william: we can end homelessness"it feels a little self-congratulatory to make a show like this, but i'm glad that this is what prince william is doing with his time, more people with power and influence should be putting out the message that poor people not having homes should not be considered acceptable in a modern society. w) "lucy worsley's holmes vs. doyle"i like lucy worsley's shows on pbs, she's a charming lady, and i'm pleasantly surprised at how much there is to say about arthur conan doyle's life and work for a whole miniseries. x) "investigation alien"this netflix series is not the best ufo doc i've ever seen, but a lot better than some of the crap the history channel puts on the air. y) "the fall of diddy"there are already multiple documentaries about sean combs and i'm definitely not going to watch most of them, but this one's pretty well done, it's probably the one to guy with if you want to watch one. z) "the secret lives of animals"i love nature documentaries, i wouldn't put this in the top tier with the "planet earth" stuff but this one's worth a look, i'm impressed by how many different locations and species they cram into 10 episodes, apparently they filmed in 24 countries. 


11:42 am 


deep album cuts vol. 373: sly and the family stone
thursday, february 13, 2025

 questlove's new documentary sly lives! (aka the burden of black genius) is out on hulu today, and i'm watching it right now, it's really good, i recommend you check it out. sly and the family stone deep album cuts (spotify playlist):1. trip to your heart2. advice3. turn me loose4. higher5. are you ready6. color me true7. into my own thing8. love city9. fun10. don't call me n*****, whitey11. you can make it if you try12. somebody's watching you13. just like a baby14. luv n' haight15. poet16. in time17. babies makin' babies18. mother beautiful19. wishful thinkin'20. who do you love?21. blessing in disguise22. it takes all kinds23. ha ha, hee heetracks 1, 2 and 3 from a whole new thing (1967)tracks 4, 5 and 6 from dance to the music (1968)tracks 7, 8 and 9 from life (1968)tracks 10, 11 and 12 from stand! (1969)tracks 13, 14 and 15 from there's a riot goin' on (1971)tracks 16 and 17 from fresh (1973)tracks 18 and 19 from small talk (1974)track 20 from high on you by sly stone (1975)track 21 from heard ya missed me, well i'm back (1976)track 22 from back on the right track (1979)track 23 from ain't but the one way (1982)a whole new thing did pretty much nothing commercially, and nothing from it was even included in the band's best-selling release, greatest hits. but the band's debut really impressed me. one of their best known vocalists, sly's sister rose stone, hadn't joined the band yet, but their sound is pretty fully formed on there already, and they were just so far ahead of just about everyone else. "fun" is the only non-single that appeared on greatest hits, which was released when sly kept missing deadlines for the album that would eventually be known as there's a riot goin' on, his masterpiece. "higher," "you can make it if you try," and "love city" were all part of the band's most famous performance, at woodstock. and quite a few of these songs are featured prominently in the new documentary. i always knew that a lot of artists had sampled sly and the family stone, but i was a little amazed at how many sly deep cuts were sampled on hit singles and well known songs from classic albums, sometimes my jaw would drop when i put on a track and made the connection. ll cool j sampled "trip to your heart" on "mama said knock you out." fatboy slim sampled "into my own thing" on "weapon of choice." a tribe called quest sampled "fun" on "can i kick it?" and also sampled "advice" on "skypager." public enemy sampled both "turn me loose" and another sly song, "let's be together," on "power to the people." ice cube sampled "you can make it if you try" on "wicked" and also sampled "don't call me n*****, whitey" on "horny lil' devil." kendrick lamar sampled "wishful thinkin'" on "momma." the beastie boys sampled "are you ready" on "finger lickin' good." missy elliott sampled "in time" on "x-tasy." beck sampled "love city" on "sissyneck." john legend sampled "just like a baby" on "she don't have to know." de la soul sampled "poet" on "description." scarface sampled "babies makin' babies" on "the diary." you often hear about sly stone as a reclusive enigma, and it's true that his public appearances have been rare and unpredictable over the last 40 years. but i was surprised to realize that he made a real effort at staying in the spotlight before that -- after fresh, his last really successful record, he made 5 albums in the following decade, sometimes with sort of needy titles like heard ya missed me, well i'm back and back on the right track. the family stone essentially disbanded in 1975, but sly kept on using the group name with mostly different people after his one official solo album, high on you, was unsuccessful. those later records are all pretty good, though, even if they're not masterpieces like there's a riot goin' on, they're worth checking out. 


10:14 am 


monthly report: february 2025 singles
wednesday, february 12, 2025

1. wizkid f/ brent faiyaz - "piece of my heart""essence" made tems a star in america but it feels like wizkid, who was obviously pretty well established internationally before that song, hasn't had the same kind of ubiquity in the last few years. i like "piece of my heart," though, it's almost like 2 separate songs but wizkid and brent faiyaz's voices sound good together on both of them. here's the 2025 singles spotify playlist i'm adding songs to throughout the year. 2. tyla - "push 2 start"tyla is another african star whose profile has soared in america, and her album was well received with a string of moderately successful hits, but nothing was really more than a fraction as popular as "water" so it was still like she just had one big song. "push 2 star" from the deluxe edition of the album recently became her second hot 100 hit, though, so she's finally regaining some momentum to really forge a career beyond "water" now.  3. tyler, the creator f/ glorilla, sexyy red and lil wayne - "sticky"tyler has gotten about as big as a rapper can get without much help from radio, but it's been interesting to watch radio slowly come around to him and him seemingly warming to the idea of making hit singles. it's been this gradual process from "earfquake" to "wusyaname" to "dogtooth" and now to "sticky," which feels like it may wind up being his best known song for a long time. it kind of reminds me of how chance the rapper got pretty big with only one radio record, which was also a posse cut with some southern rappers including lil wayne. i wish the guests on "sticky" got more than 4 bars each, but the whole thing hangs together really well, i love the beat switch to the random sample of young buck's great semi-forgotten 2007 single "get buck" and those piano chords at the end.  4. lola young - "messy" london singer lola young released an album on island records last summer that didn't make much of a splash at the time, although tyler was ahead of the curve and featured her on chromakopia. but a few weeks ago "messy" blew up on tiktok and hit #3 in the uk and is starting to climb the hot 100 as well, feels a little similar to how chappell roan's album took off 6 months after it was released. 5. kendrick lamar - "squabble up"one thing that irritates me about the streaming era is that the songs that hit #1 on the hot 100 feel increasingly arbitrary and disconnected from what ends up being the most popular song from a given album. "please please please" does not feel bigger than "espresso," "slime you out" does not feel bigger than "rich baby daddy," and "squabble up" does not feel bigger than "luther" or "tv off." that being said, all three of the hits from gnx are good and have hung in there on radio playlists together for quite a while without one drowning out the others, and i love that debbie deb sample on "squabble up." 6. doechii - "denial is a river"it's a little unexpected that the biggest song from alligator bites never heal is a high concept track that doesn't really have a chorus. but doechii has been on a tear with a string of amazing live performances, on tiny desk and colbert and the grammys, all of which prominently featured "denial is a river." and i heard "denial" on the radio for the first time yesterday, and it works pretty well in that context. 7. nle choppa f/ 41 - "or what"nle choppa's "slut me out 2" was a viral hit last year, but a song he did with the brooklyn trio 41 that samples it, "or what," has become a bigger radio hit, kind of has the vibe of the stuff that is regrettably known as 'sexy drill.' i don't even know which song i like better, both are pretty entertaining. 8. carly pearce - "truck on fire"i feel like you can't really write a country song about fucking up an ex's truck without bringing "before he cheats" to mind, but this song's good, i'm glad there's finally another song from hummingbird getting some radio play. 9. brad paisley - "truck still works"i kinda feel bad for brad paisley, it wasn't that long ago that he was one of the biggest stars in country music, but he's just been lobbing singles into an indifferent marketplace in the 8 years since he last released an album. i feel like the quality of his music hasn't changed at all, though, "truck still works" is catchy, although he does play on nostalgia for his earlier work with a call back to one of his biggest hits, "mud on the tires," in the bridge. 10. damiano david - "born with a broken heart"i have not liked maneskin's stuff much, but their lead singer's debut solo single feels like a pleasantly earnest attempt to make something like "as it was" by harry styles. the worst single of the month: jonah marais f/ ryan lewis - "slow motion" i feel like people generally agreed that ryan lewis was pretty talented and a big part of why those macklemore songs got big, and i'm surprised lewis hasn't had more success as a producer outside of one kesha single. i really dislike the song he did with a former member of the 2010s also-ran boy band why don't we, though. 


9:28 am 


movie diary
friday, february 07, 2025

 a) kinds of kindnessafter yorgos lanthimos and emma stone's last 2 collaborations were nominated for best picture, kinds of kindness got a relatively quiet release with no awards season hooplah, which made me very curious to see it. and while even poor things was relatively out there, kinds of kindness definitely feels more pointedly uncommercial in a way where i suspect they spent their blank check on this one with the studio saving the promo budget for their next project. part of that is because kinds of kindness is an anthology movie, with the same handful of actors playing different characters in 3 different stories, which is just not a recipe for a hit. and part of that is because each of those stories is a weird, morbid parable sort of in the vein of killing of a sacred deer, except i kind of hated that movie and mostly enjoyed this one, although i almost don't want to think about it too much or try to really figure out what it was all about, i have no idea if it would hold up to any scrutiny. b) a different manin a different man, sebastian stan plays a man with neurofibromatosis. thanks to some oscar-nominated makeup and prosthetics, and so does adam pearson, who actually has neurofibromatosis in real life. and both of their characters are actors in a play, making the whole thing kind of a metacommentary on acting and show business's attitudes toward disabilities and deformities. pearson's great and it's the first time i've seen a stan performance that i thought was better than mediocre, and it's a good, thought-provoking movie. the story ultimately felt really contrived, though, like the entire movie, much like emilia perez, only existed to turn the main character's identity into a clever plot device, so i don't know, i have mixed feelings about it. c) the wild robotmy son got all three of peter brown's the wild robot books for christmas, and we've really enjoyed reading them together as his bedtime story lately. so after we finished the first book, we watched the recent movie adaptation, which took a few liberties with the story and characters (most significantly in greatly expanding the role of the fox, voiced here by pedro pascal), but mostly got the spirit of the book down well and added some endearing comedic moments. chris sanders also directed lilo & stitch and how to train your dragon, both of which get a lot of repeat viewings in our house, and i think the wild robot probably will in the future as well. d) joker: folie a deuxif you watch a favorite show every week and they do something big and different like a musical episode one week, it's really exciting to get something unexpected like that. trying to serve up a surprise in a sequel to a blockbuster film is a lot harder, though, especially when joker: folie a deux was preceded by two and a half years of news trickling out about lady gaga being cast in the movie and it being a musical. conceptually, i think it could've been something special with the right execution, but it just felt all wrong, and personally i can't really stomach gaga singing standards unless she's got tony bennett there to ground her a little. e) kinda pregnanti think amy schumer's first big film vehicle trainwreck holds up pretty well, but her latest movie for netflix, a happy madison production directed by adam sandler's nephew, feels like a big step down. it has some laughs, urzila carlson really steals a few scenes, damon wayans jr. gets a couple really funny moments, for the most part it falls short even just by the standards of a comedy with a silly premise. f) carry-onnetflix's most popular feature film of 2024 is this kind of stupid thriller about attempted airline terrorism. for a comedy guy, jason bateman definitely has a certain amount of range and pull off stuff like "ozark," but i dunno, he felt miscast here, what a weird role for him, i have to wonder if the movie would've actually been compelling with the right person playing that part. g) the six triple eighttyler perry's latest will mostly go down in history as one of those otherwise ignored movies that became part of dianne warren's annual parade of best original song nominations. but doing a world war ii epic with a $70 million budget really proves he can do pretty well as a conventional director when he wants to. i never thought dean norris was a particularly good actor, though, and he's terrible in this, he makes every scene he's in worse with his goofy foghorn leghorn accent. h) awakethis came out on netflix in 2021 and got panned (24% on rotten tomatoes!) but my wife and i watched it the other night and thought it was pretty solid. suddenly every person on the planet is incapable of sleeping, and genesis rodriguez tries to figure out why her daughter is one of the only people who can still sleep. so, y'know, another high concept apocalypse movie that just didn't capture the zeitgeist like bird box or whatever, but i thought it was well paced and compelling. and mark raso, who previously directed the amiable dramedy kodachrome, really stepped up as an action director for this, some really impressive sequences done in one continuous take. i) the storied life of a.j. fikryone of those low budget films full of recognizable tv actors that i always seem to end up watching on cable or netflix, about a small town bookseller who adopts a 2-year-old. it turned out to be a lot more sentimental than i expected and kind of touching, but also a little boring. j) ladies & gentlemen... 50 years of snl musici've enjoyed a lot of the things that nbc has put together for the 50th anniversary of "saturday night live." and this questlove-directed documentary is probably the best of the bunch, a long and thorough look back at some of the best and most memorable music performance. the segments about the more infamous performances (fear and elvis costello and sinead o'connor) were the best parts, and the sort of montage/mashup sequences were amazingly well done, some of the best editing i've ever seen of something like that. i wish they got into one of my personal pet topics, all the as-yet-unreleased songs artists have debuted on "snl," but it's a great doc. k) bjork: cornucopiawithout even planning it that way, bjork's new concert film was released on apple tv+ days after i ranked all of her albums, so i had just spent a lot of time with her catalog and was really primed for it. i was kind of annoyed that it was just kind of unceremoniously thrown into their ongoing 'apple music live' performance series instead of being treated as a distinct feature film, though, since bjork has talked about how she spent 10 years planning out and conceptualizing this tour and the film of it. visually it's pretty amazing, although i'm partial to her more earlier stuff, so i was a little let down that there is only one '90s song in the entire film. but at least it's one i love, "isobel." l) elton john: never too latethis disney+ doc is framed around elton john's final u.s. show at dodger stadium in 2022, and his first stadium show at the same venue in 1975, with john and an interviewer poring over his career as the guiding voiceover. it's pretty good, i thought they got to the root of john and bernie taupin's creative dynamic really well, and there's just tons of cool archival footage, stuff like him playing "tiny dancer" for a camera crew just after it'd been written, or tracking the vocal for the original "candle in the wind." m) beatles '64obviously the beatles' initial international explosion in 1964 is one of the most familiar and storied chapters of the band's history, but it's fun to see it zeroed in on as the topic of a whole feature. a lot of the footage is previously unseen and amazing. but what i like even more than the candid moments with the band are the interviews with the fans, that turn the usual faceless screaming hordes of beatlemania into these brief individual profiles with these really sweet and passionate young music fans. david lynch, who was at the beatles' first u.s. concert, is one of the talking heads, in a great little segment that i guess is one of his last film appearances. i also love ronald isley and smokey robinson talking about being covered by the beatles and the band's relationship with black music. 


9:37 am 



thursday, february 06, 2025

 last week, the brilliant pedal steel guitarist susan alcorn passed away. i wrote a piece for the baltimore banner looking back on her life and her music, including lots of previously unpublished quotes from my rantipole interview with susan. 


9:28 am 


monthly report: january 2025 albums
wednesday, february 05, 2025

1. rose gray - louder, pleasei heard london singer rose gray's single "switch" last year and liked it, but pretty much forgot about it until she released her debut album a couple weeks ago. and man, this album really hits the spot, just kind of a good old-fashioned dance pop record with heavy kylie minogue vibes. i particularly like the anthemic tracks like "tectonic" and "free," but i also like the stuff like "hackney wick" and "everything changes (but i won't)" that lets the energy dip a little while still having some danceable forward motion. here's the 2025 albums spotify playlist that i'll fill with every new album i listen to throughout the year. 2. fka twigs - eusexuai'm still confused about why fka twigs called her last album caprisongs a "mixtape," especially since she took 3 years to release her next album and it all sounds like the same kind of stuff at the same level of quality to me. in any case, eusexua is pretty good, "girl feels good" is probably one of my favorite songs she's ever done. i find it a little creepy that this extremely horny album features a collaboration with kanye west's 11-year-old daughter, though, like i sincerely hope she isn't allowed to listen to the entire album. 3. sun & rain - waterfall15 years ago, i interviewed adam hopkins after he started the out of your head collective, a baltimore-based group putting on experimental improv shows at places like the windup space. hopkins later moved to new york and in 2018 launched out of your head records, and it's slowly grown into a pretty formidable jazz/experimental label and i usually try to check out their new releases. ooyh's first release of 2025 is by sun & rain, quartet featuring travis laplante, nathaniel morgan, andrew smiley, and jason nazary. their first album together has a really great natural chemistry, two saxophones, guitar and drums weaving together these dynamic arrangements that sometimes have very striking melodies. 4. mac miller - balloonerismi'll freely admit, i didn't really appreciate mac miller while he was alive, but i recognize now that he was a unique talent and that there's a lot of joy and wit in the music he made. miller's other posthumous album, circles, was completed after he died, so i kind of assumed that was the case with balloonerism, but it's actually a project he made back in 2014 between faces and go:od am that he'd had cover art made for and had talked about releasing. and it's pretty good, probably only sat unreleased at the time because it's not very commercial, but i like his hazy philosophical stoner mode, it sounds really good and there's a couple of sza features. 5. ethel cain - pervertsethel cain's 2022 album preacher's daughter was something of a sleeper hit that made me wonder whether she could be a big alt-pop star like lana del rey. and cain was cautious not to call perverts an "album" and clarify that a proper follow-up to preacher's daughter is forthcoming, but when people have been waiting 2-3 years for your next move and you realize something that's 90 minutes long, they're gonna treat it as a follow-up, and perverts is a much darker, more experimental record that a lot of her fans didn't take to at all. i think it's a lot more interesting though, cain has a beautiful voice so maybe i'd prefer more singing, but i'd rather hear someone go off the deep end of some weird creepy soundscapes than try to be the next lana del rey. 6. ky$hia - student of the game 2ky$hia is one of the most promising female rappers to come out of baltimore in the last few years. she's got songs with some of the biggest guys in the scene (yg teck, otr chaz), but she really holds her own on the solo tracks, my favorites on here are "whatcha gon do?" and "best behavior." 7. ringo starr - look upa whole lot of artists in different genres have released their first country album in the first year or so, and some people tend to look at this through a weary, cynical lens, i personally think it's a lot of fun and has resulted in more good music than bad. and i think a particularly welcome guest at this party is ringo starr, whose first solo songwriting credit with the beatles all those decades ago was a pretty good country tune, "don't pass me by." in recent y ears ringo has made a lot of eps of varying quality and not a very strong musical identity, but getting into the studio with t-bone burnett (who did most of the songwriting) and some capable guests (billy strings, alison krauss, larkin poe) has resulted in some of the best stuff he's done in a long time. 8. bad bunny - debi tirar mas fotosnot knowing any languages besides english, especially spanish, really makes me feel like i'm missing out on a lot of music. sometimes i'll look at translations of lyrics when listening to artists like bad bunny, though, and i really appreciate how much he's celebrating puerto rico on this album and how varied the music is. 9. central cee - can't rush greatnessthere's always been a lot of resistance to british rap in america and i understand it, it's a very different sound and a different culture. it's felt a little like central cee was being really aggressively marketed to america lately, especially when his song with lil baby just kinda floated into heavy rotation on rap radio with anybody seeming to care about it. but i was surprised by how much people talked about and seemed to genuinely like can't rush greatness the weekend it dropped, and i'll give him credit, he's really spitting on this record and he does have the right accent and enunciation that most american listeners can follow what he's saying pretty well, could be a really genuine crossover moment. i think "5 star" is my favorite so far. 10. lil baby - whamlil baby is one of those artists where i think public opinion on him has fluctuated hugely with fairly little difference in the quality of his music. when he dropped my turn, people were making comparisons to lil wayne that he couldn't possibly live up to, and then turned on him hard when the last couple albums really weren't very different at all. wham has plenty of good songs, my favorites so far are "due 4a win" and "free promo," but there are some duds. i think it's hilarious that everyone hates "say twin" so much that it's the least streamed song on the album (not counting songs recently added for the deluxe version.  the worst album of the month: lanco - we're gonna make itmy favorite producer in contemporary country music, jay joyce, discovered the nashville band lanco, helped them get signed to a major label, and produced their decent 2018 debut album and its #1 radio hit "greatest love story." but it feels like they completely lost any momentum they had and are just now finally resurfacing 7 years later with an indie label sophomore album without joyce on production, and it's just really flat and charmless, i only enjoyed maybe one song on here. they're not gonna make it. 


9:27 am 



tuesday, february 04, 2025

 my latest pieces for spin: i did a deep dive on this year's grammys, and ranked the catalogs of björk and run-dmc. 


9:26 am 


my top 100 singles of 1971
monday, february 03, 2025

 here's the spotify playlist:1. al green - "tired of being alone"2. t. rex - "get it on (bang a gong)"3. elton john - "your song"4. jethro tull – “aqualung”5. curtis mayfield - "move on up"6. the who - "won't get fooled again"7. isaac hayes - "theme from shaft"8. yes – “i’ve seen all good people”/"your move"9. marvin gaye - "inner city blues (make me
wanna holler)"10. david bowie - "changes"11. johnny cash - "man in black"12. bill withers - "ain't no sunshine"13. the allman brothers band - "whipping
post (live)"14. ike & tina turner - "proud
mary"15. the doors - "l.a. woman"16. rod stewart - "maggie may"17. elton john - "levon"18. badfinger – “day after day”19. led zeppelin - "black dog"20. carole king - "i feel the earth
move"21. the rolling stones - "brown sugar"22. stevie wonder - "if you really love
me"23. marvin gaye - "what's going on"24. black sabbath - "iron man"25. van morrison - "domino"26. brewer & shipley - "one toke over
the line"27. the doors - "riders on the storm"28. the carpenters - "superstar"29. john denver - "take me home, country
roads"30. ringo starr - "it don't come easy"31. david bowie - "life on
mars?" 32. the temptations - "just my imagination
(running away with me)"33. carole king - "it's too late"34. creedence clearwater revival - "have
you ever seen the rain?"35. stevie wonder - "never dreamed you'd
leave in summer"36. van morrison – “wild night”37. jethro tull – “locomotive breath”38. bee gees - "how can you mend a broken
heart"39. led zeppelin - "stairway to
heaven"40. rod stewart – “reason to believe”41. melanie - "brand new key"42. james gang – “walk away”43. the dramatics - "whatcha see is whatcha
get"44. al green - "i can't get next to
you"45. the chi-lites - "have you seen
her"46. harry nilsson - "without you”47. derek and the dominoes - "bell bottom
blues"48. george harrison - "my sweet lord"49. dolly parton – “coat of many colors”50. bill withers - "grandma's hands"51. jean knight - "mr. big stuff"52. led zeppelin - "when the levee
breaks"53. the rolling stones - "can't you hear me
knocking"54. freda payne – “bring the boys home”55. delaney & bonnie & friends – “only
you know and i know”56. aretha franklin - "rock steady"57. the kinks – “20th century man”58. santana - "oye como va"59. john lennon - "happy xmas (war is
over)"60. the who - "bargain"61. charley pride – “kiss an angel good mornin’”62. three dog night - "joy to the
world"63. marvin gaye - "mercy mercy me (the
ecology)"64. funkadelic - "can you get to that"65. sammi smith – “help me make it through the
night”66. dolly parton – “joshua”67. stevie wonder - "we can work it
out"68. led zeppelin - "rock and roll"69. king floyd - "groove me"70. the doors - "love her madly"71. tom jones - "she's a lady"72. the who - "behind blue eyes"73. lee michaels – “do you know what i mean?”74. the band – “the shape i’m in”75. james taylor - "you've got a
friend"76. the 5th dimension – “never my
love”77. joni mitchell - "california"78. the free movement – “i’ve found someone of
my own”79. creedence clearwater revival - "hey
tonight"80. michael jackson – “got to be there”81. the rolling stones - "wild horses"82. chicago – “beginnings”83. santana – “everybody’s everything”84. carly simon – “that’s the way i’ve always
heard it should be”85. janis joplin - "me and bobby
mcgee"86. the kinks – “god’s children”87. bread – “if”88. cat stevens – “moonshadow”89. badfinger – “baby blue”90. leonard cohen – “avalanche”91. george harrison - "what is life"92. the who – “going mobile”93. tommy james – “draggin’ the line”94. john lennon - "imagine"95. the band – “life is a carnival”96. t. rex - "hot love"97. elvis presley – “i’m leavin’”98. led zeppelin - "misty mountain
hop"99. delaney & bonnie & friends – “never
ending song of love”100. cher – “gypsys, tramps and thieves”i try to be more or less proper with songs that were singles and/or charted. but this is the peak aor era. so there's a lot of enormously ubiquitous classic rock songs that weren't really charting hits at the time, especially from led zeppelin iv, who's next, and sticky fingers that i felt i needed to represent, even if they may not have become radio stapes until some time after 1971. 


9:25 am 


deep album cuts vol. 372: marianne faithfull
friday, january 31, 2025

 i've had an empty playlist labeled 'marianne faithfull deep album cuts' on my spotify account for years that i've meant to fill. since faithfull died on thursday at 78 years old, i finally got around to working on it. marianne faithfull deep album cuts (spotify playlist):1. what have i done wrong2. summer nights3. tomorrow's calling4. it's all over now, baby blue5. why'd ya do it6. guilt7. witches' song8. eye communication9. times square10. strange weather11. she12. pride13. for wanting you14. sliding through life on charm (with pulp)15. crazy love16. down from dover17. prussian blue18. give my love to london19. they come at night20. to the moon (with warren ellis)track 1 from marianne faithfull (1965)track 2 from go away from my world (1965)track 3 from love in a mist (1967)tracks 5, 6 and 7 and from broken english (1979)track 8 from dangerous acquaintances (1981)track 9 from a child's adventure (1983)track 4 from rich kid blues (1985)track 10 from strange weather (1987)track 11 from a secret life (1995)track 12 from the seven deadly sins (1998)track 13 from vagabond ways (1999)track 14 from kissin time (2002)track 15 from before the poison (2002)track 16 from easy come, easy go (2008)track 17 from horses and high heels (2011)track 18 from give my love to london (2014)track 19 from negative capability (2018)track 20 from she walks in beauty with warren ellis (2021)marianne faithfull had an unusual career in which she was a pop star in the '60s, with a string of top 10 hits in the uk and hot 100 hits in america, but she's better remembered for her later work as more of a cult artist. faithfull released several albums from 1965 to 1967, none of which are currently available on streaming services in their entirety, at least not in america. some deep cuts from those albums are on spotify on compilations, though, so i was able to represent that era with the first four tracks on the playlist, so you can hear what faithfull's voice sounded like when she was younger and the kind of folk pop that she became famous with. faithfull was discovered by rolling stones manager/producer andrew loog oldham, and mick jagger and keith richards wrote her debut single, 1964's "as tears go by." faithfull was a pretty big star in her own right when she and jagger began a relationship in 1966, and for a few years they were probably uk pop's power couple. faithfull also co-wrote "sister morphine" with jagger and richards, and released her version a couple years before the stones recorded it for sticky fingers. marianne faithfull didn't release any albums for nearly a decade after 1967, at first pivoting to acting and starring in a few films. after breaking up with jagger in 1970, faithfull went through a dark period, addicted to heroin and sometimes homeless. when she staged a comeback with the 1979 classic broken english, her voice was completely different, with less range but much more character, and she'd developed into a great songwriter (she released another, less successful before that, 1976's dreamin' my dreams, which is also missing from spotify). faithfull also recorded a "lost album" in 1971 with several bob dylan covers that was to be called masques that remained unreleased until 1985, when it was released as rich kid blues. today, rich kid blues is faithfull's most streamed album, largely because of a cover of dylan's "it's all over now, baby blue." i'm not sure exactly how that track became so popular, but a youtube fan edit of it paired with clips from one of her most famous film role, 1968's the girl on a motorcycle, has millions of views. faithfull also re-recorded "baby blue" in 2018. i remember seeing marianne faithfull for the first time in her 1968 performance of "something better" in the rolling stones rock and roll circus when the long shelved bbc special was finally released on home video in 1996. a year later, faithfull made a somewhat surprising guest appearance on "the memory remains," the lead single from metallica's reload, which is probably her most famous song in america. my favorite marianne faithfull song, at least outside broken english, is "times square," the opening track from 1985's a child's adventure. carla bozulich released a cover of it about 20 years ago that i was absolutely obsessed with it for a long time, both faithfull and bozulich's versions give me chills every time. that single bar in 7/8 in the verses? what a brilliant little detail. i also think faithfull did an amazing version of dolly parton's most important deep cut, "down from dover." in the last few decades faithfull remained prolific, and some major artists wrote songs for her or with her. tom waits and kathleen brennan wrote the title track for faithfull's 1987 album strange weather, and waits performed the song a year later in his film big time. hal willner produced several of her later albums, and she also worked with angelo badalamenti ("she"), elton john and bernie taupin ("for wanting you"), nick cave ("crazy love"), steve earle ("give my love to london"), mark lanegan ("they come at night"), warren ellis ("to the moon"), among many others. i was particularly delighted delighted to discover "sliding through life on charm," which was one of the last things pulp did before they disbanded. 


10:50 am 



tuesday, january 28, 2025

 as i do every year, i participated in the latest uproxx music critics poll. here's my ballot, and here's the full unabridged lists of my favorite albums and singles of 2024. 


11:26 am 


tv diary
monday, january 27, 2025

 a) "prime target"this apple tv+ thriller series is about a brilliant mathematician who finds himself embroiled in a conspiracy plot. it's alright, some moderately clever plotting. i thought leo woodall was good in "one day" last year but he's not entirely convincing as a math genius here, just feels like a guy saying lines. b) "black doves"i love watching ben wishaw, voice of paddington bear, in dark live action stuff, he shoots someone in the head and i'm like "fuck, paddington just shot someone in the head!" this british spy series is pretty good, inevitably it's gotten compared a lot to "slow horses" but i think it's both better and a little more exciting and tonally different. i wish there was a bit more sarah lancashire, who i now adore because of her performance in "julia." c) "the agency"another espionage thriller! there was an article about how "the agency" represented showtime's effort to be "cool again," and how casting richard gere in a supporting role was a big power play they were really proud of. "the agency" is pretty good and does have an impressive cast, including michael fassbender and jeffrey wright, but i feel like we're over a decade past movie stars being a cheat code to a popular series, and i barely have seen anybody acknowledge this show's existence since it premiered two months ago. d) "american primeval"i had high hopes for "american primeval," which covers a fascinating chapter of american history, the utah war of 1857, and has a great cast including betty gilpin and shea whigham (saura lightfoot-leon, who's in both "the agency" and "american primeval," is also really pretty). i real don't care much for peter berg as a director, though, i feel like he has a very dated early 2000s visual style that's heavy on dutch angles and an orange and teal color scheme. there are some exciting action scenes, but overall i didn't feel like the actors got a lot to work with, and it kind of felt monotonous and miserable beyond the general dark, violent nature of the story. e) "no good deed"this came out in december and was i think the last new show i added to my list of favorite shows of 2024. "no good deed" is a dark comedy full of tragedy and secrets, much like liz feldman's previous show "dead to me," but that show ultimately felt like a heartwarming story about friendship and "no good deed" is a little more bleak to the core. pretty good, though, excellent cast. i remember i was watching the first episode, and there was this very tense scene of denis leary blackmailing and threatening ray romano, and my wife said "is that manny and diego?" and it took me several seconds to realize she was referring to the woolly mammoth and saber-toothed tiger from the ice age movies. f) "laid" stephanie hsu was the one oscar-nominated actor in everything everywhere all the time who didn't win, and really probably should have. and she's really great in this very funny peacock adaptation of an australian sitcom that was developed by nahnatchka khan ("don't trust the b----," "fresh off the boat"). the premise is pretty odd (a woman realizes that every person she's ever had sex with is dying, in the order she slept with them), but they just kinda go for it. g) "on call"in a new twist in the ongoing war over "the bear" and whether every 30-minute show is a comedy and every 60-minute show is a drama, dick wolf has created his first 30-minute series for amazon prime. and it's very much a drama, but it works in shorter episodes, especially since wolf's network shows are usually really about 43 minutes with commercials anyway, so it's not a huge difference. it's also slightly grittier and more action-packed than the average dick wolf cop show, troian bellisario leads a pretty strong cast. h) "lockerbie: a search for truth"i've never really heard much about the pan am flight that was bombed in 1988, so the story is pretty much new to me in this series where colin firth plays the father of one of the victims. pretty good so far, and the scene of the actual explosion and crash is really terrifying and impressive, although most of the series is slower and more character-driven, obviously that's the only big moment like that. i feel like the name of the show feels like a book title, though, just "lockerbie" would suffice as a name for the series (it's not even the actual name of the book the series is based on, the lockerbie bombing: a father's search for justice). i) "the sticky"apparently canada has an enormous strategic reserve of maple syrup in quebec, and millions of gallons of syrup were stolen in a 2011 heist, which provided the inspiration for this amazon prime series. i love the premise and that it stars margo martindale, but i don't feel like it really lived up to its potential, it was just okay. j) "the madness"in between colman domingo's back-to-back oscar nominations, he starred in this netflix miniseries that i really think should've gotten more attention. he's wrongfully accused of a murder and is trying to find out who really did it but it's more of a noir thing than a "the fugitive" knockoff, domingo is great as always and so is the beautiful tamsin topolski, never seen her in any significant roles before.k) "secret level"this amazon prime anthology series has a cool concept, each episode is basically a different filmmaker and cast doing some kind of take off on a video game (or board game/tabletop game). it really falls short of its potential, though, at least in the handful of episodes i've watched. i'm not much of a gamer so i've never played or even heard of a lot of the games that episodes are based on, but i will say that the dungeons & dragons episode was pretty underwhelming and the pac-man episode was ridiculously stupid. l) "white lies"a pretty promising crime thriller with natalie dormer from "game of thrones" that takes place in south africa, i need to watch more episodes at some point. m) "paris has fallen"it's pretty funny that olympus has fallen has spawned an entire has fallen cinematic universe with multiple sequels and now a tv spinoff, but hey, it's a good excuse for some big dumb thrilling action sequences, and this show seems to be up to the same standard as the movies. n) "star wars: skeleton crew"in theory, a more family-friendly star wars series with a quartet of children as the main protagonists is not a bad idea, but i really found "skeleton crew" irritating and charmless, with jude law kind of saddled with the role of an amateur jedi babysitter. o) "missing you"netflix has a billion shows created by the mystery novelist harlan coben and this has been one of the more compelling ones i've seen, starts with a detective finding her fiance who'd disappeared a decade ago when he pops up on a dating app. p) "cross"this netflix series based on the alex cross novels stars aldis hodge and is definitely a big improvement on the movie where tyler perry played cross. q) "get millie black"i've never seen british actress tamara lawrance in anything before, apparently she's done a lot of theater, mostly shakespeare, but she's great in this series about a uk detective who goes back to jamaica, where she was born. r) "creature commandos"i'm a fan of james gunn's more overtly comedic dc stuff like "peacemaker" and the suicide squad, but this animated series is a little underwhelming, i just haven't clicked with it. also it's so ridiculous and off-putting the way an animated gunn appears in the opening credits, like, get over yourself, dude. s) "jentry chau vs. the underworld"pretty good recent animated series on netflix, bowen yang is definitely a natural for cartoon voice acting. t) "castlevania: nocturne"i generally don't like this "castlevania" spinoff as much as the original series, but it's alright. u) "asura"this japanese series is probably the best foreign language show i've seen on netflix in a while, sharp dialogue and compelling, well rounded characters. it takes place in 1979, and apparently it's adapted from a show that originally aired in japan in '79. v) "where's wanda?"one of apple tv+'s better imports, a german show about a family looking for their missing daughter that has an odd, quirky black comedy tone. w) "snl50: beyond saturday night"this docuseries is pretty enjoyable, instead of the usual "snl" retrospective, they zero in on a very specific topic (cast member auditions, the writing staff, the "more cowbell sketch," the 1985-86 season) for each episode. if anything i honestly wish there were more than four episodes, because there are so many other stories from the past 50 years, they're only scratching the surface. but, like, even as someone who's never been a huge fan of "more cowbell" and rolls my eyes when people reference it (as a drummer i feel like it's taken away a fun instrument i'd use more if it wasn't such a running joke), it was interesting to see the whole thing broken down for an hour. they even talked to blue oyster cult and their producers (nobody can agree whether the drummer or one of the producers played the cowbell on "don't fear the reaper," or even if it was actually a woodblock). and the one person they didn't talk to is christopher walken, who apparently regards the sketch as an albatross. x) "human vs hamster""human vs hamster," hosted by sarah sherman, joins "is it cake?" in the pantheon of real game shows hosted by "saturday night live" cast members that feel like they should be "snl" game show sketches. it's really pretty entertaining to watch people try to do the same things hamsters do, and sherman is a great choice to host something this absurd. y) "pop culture jeopardy!"another game show with a host from "snl," colin jost. i'm much more well versed in pop culture trivia than the kind of general knowledge that regular "jeopardy!" centers on, so i watch it like "finally, a version of this show where i know almost every answer and can easily imagine myself winning!" i don't like that they have three teams of three competing instead of three individuals, though, that's a really unnecessary change.  z) "fast friends"a pretty stupid little quiz show based on the contestants' knowledge of the show "friends." another one where i can play along at home and get most of the questions right, at least when they pertain to the first few years, i didn't really watch the later seasons. 


10:52 am 


monthly report: january 2025 singles
friday, january 24, 2025

 1. tucker wetmore - "wind up missin' you"i had a good chuckle at tucker wetmore's name the first time i saw it on a billboard chart last year, but he's growing on me, especially "wind up missin' you," his first top 10 on country radio. he's from washington state, and there's not a lot of country stars from the pacific northwest, probably should be more. i think my next favorite song from his album is "when i'm not lookin'," which has a similar vibe, wouldn't mind if it gets released as a single too. here's my new 2025 singles spotify playlist that i'll be adding 10 songs to every month for the rest of the year. 2. tate mcrae - "2 hands"i'm kind of indifferent to tate mcrae's current hit "it's ok i'm ok," but i absolutely love the second single from her forthcoming album and really hope it gets a radio run -- my local top 40 station has been playing "2 hands" more than "it's ok," but that appears to be unusual based on national radio charts. amy allen has been on an insane run writing hits lately, and the drums on this song are crazy. 3. bigxthaplug - "the largest"i don't know of anyone else who had bigxthaplug in their top 10 albums of 2024 but i really became a big fan of his last year and this is definitely one of his best songs, i love the way bandplay chopped that war sample. 4. kendrick lamar f/ lefty gunplay - "tv off" dj mustard sampled different songs from the same 1968 album by saxophonist monk higgins for both "not like us" and "tv off," which makes me wonder if the latter was deliberately made as something of a sequel to the former, or if mustard made them in the same batch of tracks and kendrick just happened to pick both beats. in either case, it doesn't surprise me that "tv off" has quickly taken off and eclipsed another very good song from gnx, "squabble up," which had a video and became the song from the album that debuted at #1. of course, a big reason that "tv off" is popular is that hilarious, instantly viral moment where kendrick yells "mustaaaaaaaaard." 5. sam fender - "people watching" i'm excited for sam fender's new album next month. i was initially a little underwhelmed that the lead single and title track isn't an absolute anthem like "seventeen going under," but i like "people watching" a little more every time i hear it. 6. bishop briggs - "my serotonin"i loved "river," the first and by far biggest bishop briggs single, but that was, wow, almost 9 years ago, time flies. and most of her output since then has been kind of underwhelming, but "my serotonin" is a little more of an uptempo rock thing and, as weary of as i am of people using words like serotonin in pop songs, it has a pretty great chorus. 7. kiana lede - "natural"cut ties was one of my favorite r&b albums of 2024, and i wrote that it's "almost entirely slow jams, some of them breakup songs and some of them sex songs (more the latter than the former)." "natural" is one of the sex songs, glad to see it getting some radio airplay. 8. gelo - "tweaker"you gotta hand it to lavar ball, he spent years telling the world to expect big things from his sons, and right now two of them are in the nba, while the other son whose basketball career had kinda stalled came out of nowhere with a hot 100 hit. for the first couple weeks that "tweaker" was going viral, i only heard people refer to liangelo ball by his full name, so i was surprised to see that the song is credited to 'g3 gelo' on spotify, and simply 'gelo' on billboard, i feel like people are probably embarrassed to call him that. a lot of the hype about "tweaker" is at least a little ironic, or at least performatively amused about who made the song and its vaguely nostalgic early 2000s vibe, but it's undeniably a catchy song, i'm curious to see where this whole thing ends up, if he actually has a career beyond this song or if def jam is just insane throwing millions at the kid. 9. q parker - "beg"slim was always the member of 112 with the most distinctive voice and the biggest solo hit, and daron jones had the most writing and producing credits on the group's albums. but q parker, who left 112 in 2018, has been getting some r&b radio spins with an independent single, and as a 112 fan i'm happy to see that, it's a good song, sort of a tribute to r&b's "beggin' song" tradition.10. chayce beckham - "everything i need""23" took a long journey to reach #1 on country radio nearly three years after its release, and chayce beckham's follow-up single didn't do nearly as well, which is a shame because "everything i need" is really good too, with a totally different vibe.  the worst single of the month: akon - "akon's beautiful day"there's an argument to be made that akon is one of the most consequential figures in popular music in the last 20 years -- he signed t-pain and lady gaga, and was the biggest global star to come out of africa before the recent breakthrough of afrobeats. but akon only really made some pretty good music for a couple years, and it's been a lot of garbage since then, including his recent pop radio comeback. 


6:00 am 




al


				
			al shipley (shipley.al@gmail.com) is a freelance writer whose work has appeared in:
			baltimore city paper
complex magazine
rolling stone magazine
noisey
billboard
vulture
stereogum
city pages
spin
pitchfork
fact
pigeons and planes
the dowsers
bandwidth
ddotomen.com
scratch magazine
mic life magazine
b-more vibe magazine
the hook-up magazine
stylus magazine


all the blogs i've blogged before

government names
noise @ citypaper.com
corporate rock still sells @ idolator.com
baltimore music @ mobtownstudios.com
the singles jukebox @ stylusmagazine.com
spamb1og
a current affair blog


links

powet
olympus-mons
idolator
midnight sun
xxl blogs
antidisingenuous
anthony is right





archives

october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
october 2012
november 2012
december 2012
january 2013
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
may 2013
june 2013
july 2013
august 2013
september 2013
october 2013
november 2013
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
march 2014
april 2014
may 2014
june 2014
july 2014
august 2014
september 2014
october 2014
november 2014
december 2014
january 2015
february 2015
march 2015
april 2015
may 2015
june 2015
july 2015
august 2015
september 2015
october 2015
november 2015
december 2015
january 2016
february 2016
march 2016
april 2016
may 2016
june 2016
july 2016
august 2016
september 2016
october 2016
november 2016
december 2016
january 2017
february 2017
march 2017
april 2017
may 2017
june 2017
july 2017
august 2017
september 2017
october 2017
november 2017
december 2017
january 2018
february 2018
march 2018
april 2018
may 2018
june 2018
july 2018
august 2018
september 2018
october 2018
november 2018
december 2018
january 2019
february 2019
march 2019
april 2019
may 2019
june 2019
july 2019
august 2019
september 2019
october 2019
november 2019
december 2019
january 2020
february 2020
march 2020
april 2020
may 2020
june 2020
july 2020
august 2020
september 2020
october 2020
november 2020
december 2020
january 2021
february 2021
march 2021
april 2021
may 2021
june 2021
july 2021
august 2021
september 2021
october 2021
november 2021
december 2021
january 2022
february 2022
march 2022
april 2022
may 2022
june 2022
july 2022
august 2022
september 2022
october 2022
november 2022
december 2022
january 2023
february 2023
march 2023
april 2023
may 2023
june 2023
july 2023
august 2023
september 2023
october 2023
november 2023
december 2023
january 2024
february 2024
march 2024
april 2024
may 2024
june 2024
july 2024
august 2024
september 2024
october 2024
november 2024
december 2024
january 2025
february 2025





		© narrowcast 2005 - powered for blogger





