








tash.org
































































skip to content






























member login
donate
action center









about

about tash
board and staff
committees
communities of practice
partners


membership

join tash
communities of practice
networks
chapters


events & learning

2024 outstanding leadership in disability law
2024 tash conference
webinars
tash awards
past events
tash career center


policy & advocacy

public policy priorities
position statements
action center


initiatives

disability employment ta center (detac)
storytellers for change
vaccine outreach
partnerships


research & resources

research and practice for persons with severe disabilities
inclusive practices
tash in action
connections archive
tash podcast series
resource library
other publications
store
blog


 





search


















advancing inclusion
through advocacy, research and practice

become a member







advancing inclusion
through advocacy, research and practice

become a member









abouttash

tash advances equity, opportunity and inclusion for people with disabilities, with a focus on those with the most significant support needs, in the areas of education, employment and community living through advocacy, research and practice.
tash is an international leader in disability advocacy. founded in 1975, tash advocates for human rights and inclusion for people with significant disabilities and support needs – those most vulnerable to segregation, abuse, neglect and institutionalization. tash works to advance inclusive communities through advocacy, research, professional development, policy, and information and resources for parents, families and self-advocates. the inclusive practices tash validates through research have been shown to improve outcomes for all people.
learn more











our mission

tash advances equity, opportunity and inclusion for people with disabilities, with a focus on those with the most significant support needs, in the areas of education, employment and community living through advocacy, research and practice.
subscribe today!










tash in action!

as a member of our newsletter community, you will receive regular updates on our latest initiatives, events, and success stories. you will also have access to exclusive content and resources designed to support individuals with disabilities and their families.





name**


first name

email address*

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  





















#tashcares









2024 tash conference









2024 outstanding leadership in disability law symposium and award celebration












research and practice for persons with severe disabilities









inclusive practices







legislative action center

















about tash

membership

events

donate

contact us






1201 15th street nw, suite 400 washington, dc 20005-2899


























 info@tash.org
(202) 817-3264


member login
donate




©
         tash.org. all rights reserved      





























