


friends for life animal sanctuary























    
	friends for life animal sanctuary
	
  
friends for life animal sanctuary is a registered nonprofit, limited-intake, volunteer-based organization. established in 1993, friends for life has placed more than 10,000 cats and dogs into loving homes. the organization promotes spay and neuter as the answer to animal overpopulation and offers a low-cost spay and neuter program to the public.



sunday, february 25, 2007



	 local artist lends talent to make furry tails can come true
    


gilbert, az - renowned local artist ron burns has really gone to the dogs. burns, well known for his colorful paintings of shelter dogs has taken his commitment to homeless animals a step further. in honor of the upcoming "furry tails can come true," annual auction, benefiting friends for life animal sanctuary, burns has painted "tiki", one of the dogs that is waiting for a family, and donated the original to friends for life, to be auctioned during the live auction portion of the event.when asked how he chose tiki as his muse, burns replied "when i read in her description that 'she is smack in the middle of hard puppy hood and still does not know what is ok and what isn't ok to chew on,' - i thought - there's a girl after my own heart! what a perfect dog to capture in burns colors - she will show them off like a badge of honor. this lil girl rocks - now lets find her a home so she can rescue a few more human hearts - she obviously knows what to do with them - puppy or not."furry tails can come true, benefiting friends for life animal sanctuary, and sponsored by gearhead garage and caring hearts animal clinic, is a magical evening at the arizona golf resort in mesa. the event features a hosted cocktail hour with silent auction, followed by a dazzling meal prepared by the resort's culinary staff, and concluding with the excitement of a live auction and pledge-a-thon. the magic will take place on saturday, march 24th. 2007 and will feature musical entertainment by the chauffeurs band.friends for life is a volunteer based organization, with only one part time paid administrator, however $15,000.00 is required monthly, just to provide the basics of food, shelter, and medical care for the animals who reside with friends for life. the group's mission is to rescue stray animals, who often arrive at the shelter in need of medical care due to the conditions they had been living in.barb savoy, furry tails auction committee chairperson, says that "furry tails is vital to the operation of friends for life. it is our largest single day fundraiser annually and volunteers typically begin working ten months in advance to ensure a wonderful evening for our guests. the committee's goal this year is to raise $40,000.00, which will allow us to continue our rescue operations through the slow fundraising, but highest need, summer months."seats for the furry tails can come true auction and benefit, and the opportunity to place the winning bid on "tiki" may be reserved for just $60 per seat before march 17th, or $70 per seat thereafter.friends for life is a registered, non-profit, 501(c)3, volunteer based, no-kill animal organization. for additional information about friends for life, furry tails can come true, reserving seats, donating an item, or becoming an event sponsor, please visit: www.azfriends.org or call (602) 377-7558.



posted by friends for life animal sanctuary @ 3:30 pm  
        





sunday, february 18, 2007



	 kids do the darndest things
    


 diego - then & now gorgeous and recovering nicely thanks to the help of wonderful children in our community.    gilbert, az – ask a six year old to see their wish list for their birthday gifts and you might expect to see a list that includes a toy truck or a doll.  ask children to put on a play, and you might expect them to charge the neighbors $2.00 to earn movie money.  the animals and  volunteers at friends for life animal sanctuary are learning that for some junior philanthropists, this just isn’t the case.the phenomenon began several months ago, in the fall of 2006 when it was discovered by teachers and administrators at a gila bend elementary school that the children had been saving “leftovers” from their lunch boxes and feeding them to an injured stray dog that the children knew was hiding in the school field.  the faculty contacted friends for life animal sanctuary to help the injured animal, where volunteers named him diego.  upon medical examination, it was discovered that the diego had tic fever, valley fever, a severely dislocated hip, and required surgery to repair what appeared to be an amateur “do it yourself” neuter procedure.  medical expenses were mounting for diego, but never fear…the kindergarten through 6th grade children took up a collection at school and raised $250 to assist with diego’s medical expenses.  they also wrote personal thank you notes to the volunteers at friends for life.  diego’s injuries have healed and he is gaining weight. he is still on medication for tic and valley fever but he is well on his way to recovery and he is very thankful to the children for rescuing him.will perry is another philanthropic boy wonder.  in celebration of his 6th birthday, will asked that his friends not bring toys and gifts for him to his party, but rather than they bring toys and gifts for the homeless animals at friends for life animal sanctuary.  friends for life on site caregiver, erica wellman said “will had a wonderful time giving treats and toys to each and every dog and cat here at the shelter. he is a natural when it comes to the animals and i was very impressed with his maturity in communicating with them!”let’s not forget andrea consalvi, a gilbert junior high school student who put on a play, and donated $1.00 from every ticket sold to friends for life.  she raised $210.00 that will help provide medical care for the animals.friends for life is a regsistered 501(c )3, registered non-profit, volunteer based, no-kill organization that has approximately 130 dogs and cats in it's care at any given time.  friends for life does not receive government funding and relies on donations, adoptions, fundraisers and public generosity to raise the $15,000 per month required to provide the basics of food, shelter, and medical care for the animals.  to learn more about friends for life, or how you can volunteer, donate, plan a fundraiser, or adopt, visit them on line at www.azfriends.org or call (480) 497-8296. 



posted by friends for life animal sanctuary @ 1:23 pm  
        





thursday, january 25, 2007



	 tuxedos & tails adoption event
    


gilbert, az – are you looking for that special someone to be your valentine? friends for life animal sanctuary may have just the sweetheart you’re looking for.friends for life has approximately 15 loving kitties that are dressed to impress for valentine’s day. these romantic felines are all black & white tuxedo dressed and wearing tails! you can meet them at the tuxedos & tails adoption event on saturday, february 10th & sunday, february 11th from 10am-3pm inside the luv-a-pet adoption center at the petsmart located at 1733 s. stapley rd. in chandler (stapley & baseline). to start your valentine’s day off right, these thoughtful tuxedo cats will present a long stemmed red rose to any family who adopts them during the event. adopt a homeless cat, and show your love this valentine’s day weekend.friends for life is a 501(c)3 non profit, volunteer based, no-kill animal organization. their adoption center is located at 143 w. vaughn avenue in gilbert. for more information, you can call (480) 497-8296 or visit their web site at www.azfriends.org.



posted by friends for life animal sanctuary @ 7:19 pm  
        





sunday, december 31, 2006



	 adoption event focuses on animals waiting more than one year to find a new home
    


a new year, a new home ... january 13th and 14th, 2007(gilbert, arizona) are you waiting for that special someone; that mister or miss "right?" perhaps you're looking to "grow your family?" friends for life animal sanctuary may have that special someone you've been looking for.join friends for life for the "a new year, a new home" event which will honor the 14 wonderful cats, and 11 fantastic dogs who have been residing at friends for life for nearly a year or more, while waiting for their forever families.the event will take place on saturday, january 13th from 10am-5pm at the friends for life adoption center, located at 143 w. vaughn avenue in gilbert. friends for life volunteers and "new year" cats and dogs will also be available from 10am-3pm on saturday, january 13th and sunday, january 14th from 10am-3pm at the petsmart luv-a-pet adoption center, located at 1733 s. stapley dr."these are fantastic animals. it's difficult to understand why they are still waiting to find their families," said friends for life volunteer, and on-site caregiver erica wellman.friends for life volunteer spokesperson jannelle cosgriff said, "from what we can gather, it seems the public perception is that because friends for life does not limit the amount of time that we will care for an animal before it must find it's family, these animals are safe and people believe that they should adopt elsewhere, but the reality is that a year is a long time to live in a shelter environment, and our volunteers cannot conduct our next rescue until the animals currently in our care find homes."friends for life animal sanctuary is a registered nonprofit, no-kill, volunteer based organization that focuses on rescuing stray animals from off of the streets and the rural desert areas of our communities. established in 1993, friends for life has approximately 100 cats and dogs in it's care at any given time, and has placed more than 10,000 cats and dogs into loving homes. the organization promotes spay and neuter as the answer to animal overpopulation and offers a low-cost spay and neuter program to the public. to contact friendsfor life animal sanctuary call 480-497-8296 or e-mail info@azfriends.org. 



posted by friends for life animal sanctuary @ 3:14 pm  
        








	 animal wellness symposium & pizza party
    


everyone wants the gift of good health, including our companion animals.join friends for life animal sanctuary on thursday, january 18th, 2007, at the gilbert community center located at 100 n. oak (two blocks north of elliot and two blocks west of gilbert rd) from 6:30-8:30 p.m. for a pizza party and animal wellness symposium.pizza and soda will be served from 6:30-7:15 p.m. and animal wellness providers will be available to answer questions. at 7:15 p.m., marla steele, reiki master and animal communicator will conduct a presentation and live demonstration of reiki healing for animals.reiki, a japanese healing method using energy focuses primarily on the electromagnetic field surrounding the body and can be used to increase circulation, reduce or eliminate pain, boost the immune system, bring emotions into balance, improve digestion, detoxify, lower blood pressure, and/or assist in the grieving process.seating can be reserved on line for just a $12.00, tax deductible donation to friends for life. seating is limited, so reserve your seats now. to reserve seats on line, visit http://animalwellness.eventbrite.com/friends for life is a registered, non-profit, 501(c)3, volunteer based, no-kill animal organization. for additional information about friends for life, visit: http://www.azfriends.org/ or call (480) 497-8296.



posted by friends for life animal sanctuary @ 3:06 pm  
        





sunday, july 02, 2006



	 enter raffle to win a limited edition ron burns print!
    


 "muttern art and literature"with artist ron burns and author tracie hotchnerhosted by vessley fine art (4164 n. marshall way)september 28, 2006 6-9 p.m. (scottsdale, az) the art of helping homeless animals will be celebrated at vessley fine art the evening of september 28th when renowned artist ron burns and accredited author tracie hotchner join forces to raise money to help the homeless animals of friends for life animal sanctuary. in fact, raffle tickets to win a ron burns painting are available now through september 28th!ron burns is donating a limited edition print entitled “two lil angels” to friends for life animal sanctuary (photograph attached). this colorful ron burns print is being raffled to raise money for homeless cats and dogs of friends for life. raffle tickets are available now for just $5.00 each or 5 for $20.00. information on entering the “two lil angels” raffle can be found on friends for life animal sanctuary’s web site or enter in person at vessley fine art. persons do not need to be present to win! (when entering the raffle on line a $2.00 transaction fee has been added so you'll see $7.00 and $22.00 noted on the link above). raffle entries will be accepted until time of raffle. "two lil angels" is a signed and numbered limited edition on canvas measuring 20" x 20". the value of the painting is $975.00.in addition, guests of “muttern art and literature” will receive a 10% discount when buying ron burns art at the event if they show their e-mail invitation at time of purchase. even more exciting, ron burns will match the discounted dollar amount from the purchase artwork with raffle tickets to the purchaser and make a cash donation of an equal amount to friends for life animal sanctuary. (for example, if the 10% discount on art was $300, the purchaser would also receive $300 worth of raffle tickets for the "two lil angels" raffle, and friends for life would receive $300 in cash).ron burns is a highly respected artist and has been a long time advocate for homeless animals. in may 2005, the state of arizona unveiled a “pet-friendly” license plate featuring ron burns imagery (which he donated), generating thousands of dollars for spay/neuter programs. forbes magazine calls his work "extremely collectible." san francisco chronicle reports, "his canvasses of in-your-face dogs and cats drenched in day-glo colors are hot sellers."  tracie hotchner is scheduled to appear at “muttern art and literature” selling and signing copies of her latest book “the dog bible” of which some reference as “dr. spock for dogs”. a percentage of proceeds from sales of “the dog bible” that evening will be donated to friends for life animal sanctuary.as an investigative journalist, tracie wrote for a variety of national magazines and newspapers, one was nominated for an american book award and went on to become a million copy seller. in addition to being an author, tracie is also a screenwriter who lived in los angeles for over 20 years and sold many screenplays - the most well-known being her film adaptation of the book mommie dearest.vessley fine art is located in old town scottsdale, 4164 n. marshall way, 480-941-4608.for more information on "muttern art and literature" visit friends for life animal sanctuary on-line at www.azfriends.org or call them at 480-497-8296.friends for life animal sanctuary is a registered nonprofit, volunteer-based, no-kill organization established in 1993. friends for life maintains an adoption center in down town gilbert along with a network of foster homes supporting 80-120 animals at any given time depending on the time of year. friends for life also offers a low-cost spay and neuter program for those that qualify. friends for life is located at 143 w. vaughn avenue in down town gilbert open tuesday and friday 10 a.m. - 2 p.m., wednesday and thursday 3 p.m. - 7 p.m., and saturdays 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. 



posted by friends for life animal sanctuary @ 4:00 pm  
        





tuesday, april 18, 2006



	 bring a flyer to a restaurant, have dinner, and help homeless animals?
    


(mesa, az) the stapley and i60 el paso barbeque (1641 s. stapley drive) is holding “friends for life animal sanctuary night on may 3rd from 4 p.m. – 9 p.m.bring the el paso flyer found at www.azfriends.org or at friends for life animal sanctuary to this restaurant on this date between those times and el paso will donate 20% of your ticket to help homeless animals! it is that easy!feeling stuffed after dinner? so are the animals present that evening looking for homes. friends for life animal sanctuary will be holding “stuffed animal adoptions” and have other items such as good boy books looking for homes. these items have been donated to the nonprofit organization so 100% of proceeds raised go directly toward medical care and housing of homeless cats and dogs.currently friends for life animal sanctuary is housing many animals requiring special medical care, animals such as dory, the puppy recovering from surgery for her broken leg. dory and her sister were found in a remote area of the valley. how her leg became broken will never be known. thanks to donations from caring individuals almost half her surgery bill has been covered. the final bill should be around $1,800.00 and $740.00 has been raised. friends for life also has 9 dogs in their care being treated for valley fever, as well as diabetic kitties in need of regular support to pay for insulin and visits to veterinarian. the success of the may 3rd el paso barbeque night for friends for life animal sanctuary is very important to sustain the volunteer-based organization’s efforts to help homeless cats and dogs.friends for life animal sanctuary is a registered nonprofit, volunteer-based, no-kill organization established in 1993. friends for life maintains an adoption center in down town gilbert along with a network of foster homes maintaining 80-120 animals at any given time depending on the time of year. friends for life also offers a low-cost spay and neuter program for those that qualify. for information on the organization visit their web site at www.azfriends.org or call them at 480-497-8296.



posted by friends for life animal sanctuary @ 7:23 pm  
        





tuesday, april 04, 2006




news releasefor immediate release:  march 29, 2006(gilbert, arizona) valley fever isn’t just a concern for humans.  our animal companions get it too. friends for life animal sanctuary has several cases of dogs testing positive for valley fever than at any one time in the past. this could possibly be due to the long span between rains and dry, dusty air. the organization is in need of sponsors and foster homes for the dogs in their care being treated for valley fever.valley fever is a fungus that lives in the soil. when the soil is disturbed the spores become airborne and are inhaled into the lungs. valley fever is not contagious from animal to animal or human to human. most that breathe the spores won’t get sick at all. some will get pneumonia-like symptoms, and others that get the disseminated form of valley fever will get seriously ill and often the disease is fatal. there is no vaccine currently available for valley fever.the company that evaluates blood tests for friends for life animal sanctuary has noticed an increase in positive results of valley fever for canines in our community.each animal reacts differently to the disease as well as treatments following diagnosis. it is important that people know that this disease is not exclusive to humans and they should speak to their veterinarian about how this disease can affect their animal, what symptoms to look for, and what they can do if they believe their animal might have valley fever.friends for life animal sanctuary is currently providing valley fever treatments for these wonderful dogs:devobjjoliejethrohopeclausgonzoelvisjust when the organization thinks enough is enough … another dog tests positive for valley fever and another waiting bloodwork results however symptons point to valley fever. the treatments for these dogs and the extra supplements they receive to help them along in their recovery can become costly, quickly, with so many dogs in need. the fluconzaole alone runs between $25 and $38 a month per animal (depending on the dosage determined by weight). that cost doesn’t include vitamins, supplements, rimadyl, blood draws, and rechecks that add $60 to $80 per animal.to help pay the bills friends for life animal sanctuary is participating in two yummie fundraisers at two well-known east valley eateries.el paso barbeque on the sw corner of stapley and i-60 is hosting friends for life animal sanctuary night on wednesday, may 3rd. present the event flyer (found on friends for life's web site) to your server between 4 p.m. and 9 pm. 20% of the bill will be donated to friends for life animal sanctuary.bostons the gourmet pizza (warner & gilbert rd) is also hosting friends for life animal sanctuary night wednesday, april 5th between 5 p.m. and 9 p.m. simply get your "meal ticket" for just a $10.00 donation from friends for life animal sanctuary. present your meal ticket at this restaurant on this date and time and you get a personal pan pizza and soda or personal pan pizza and a beer.both fundraisers will raise much needed money to pay for medical care for these valley fever canines as well as other animals in need of funding for their medical bills.historically friends for life animal sanctuary sees animals on medication get better faster when they reside in foster homes. devo, bj, and jolie are in immediate need of foster homes. foster homes are the minimum goal as far as housing for these animals.  adoptive homes are, of course, the ultimate goal.those interested in helping these dogs find their way to wellness should contact friends for life animal sanctuary at 480-497-8296 or visit them on line at www.azfriends.org. if not in the position to adopt a homeless dog in need of a home, sponsors to cover their medical costs are also in urgent need.friends for life animal sanctuary is a registered nonprofit, volunteer-based, no-kill organization established in 1993. friends for life maintains an adoption center in down town gilbert along with a network of foster homes. friends for life also offers a low-cost spay and neuter program for those that qualify. for information on the organization visit their web site at www.azfriends.org or call them at 480-497-8296.



posted by friends for life animal sanctuary @ 6:10 pm  
        










about me

name:  friends for life animal sanctuary 
location:  gilbert, arizona 
view my complete profile



links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

local artist lends talent to make furry tails can ...
kids do the darndest things
tuxedos & tails adoption event
adoption event focuses on animals waiting more tha...
animal wellness symposium & pizza party
enter raffle to win a limited edition ron burns pr...
bring a flyer to a restaurant, have dinner, and he...
news releasefor immediate release:  march 29, 2006...
the chauffeurs to drive it home for local animal c...
gilbert youth's "good deed" helps homeless animals

archives

september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
july 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007









 





