









home - acadia mountain guides climbing school

























































































skip to content








toggle menu

rock climbing in acadia!
guiding and instruction

women’s programs
climbing

rock
ice


katahdin winter ascent
backcountry skiing
avalanche education
wilderness medicine

diploma in mountain medicine (dimm)
wilderness first aid
wilderness first responder
wilderness ems upgrade
wilderness advanced life support (wals)
wafa, wfr, wemt recertification


climbing certification courses
financial aid


diploma in mountain medicine (dimm)
youth camps

youth rock climbing summer camps

mountain monkeys youth outdoor adventure camp
young explorers youth outdoor adventure camp
rockpro i introductory rock climbing camp
rockpro ii teen rock climbing camp
rockpro iii sport rock climbing teen camp
rockpro iv advanced rock climbing teen camp
rock master advanced rock climbing teen camp
teen multisport adventure camp


teen backcountry ski camp
camp bundles and discounts
financial aid


destinations

acadia
clifton
camden
katahdin
new hampshire
chic chocs

chic chocs – aiare level i avalanche education course & avalanche rescue


iceland
red rocks


waivers & forms
about

meet your guides
accreditation
employment
information
contact us


rates
rentals
alpenglow adventure sports

pesquisar por:


 












welcome to acadia mountain guides climbing school
maine's only full service mountain guiding school.







rock climb in acadia national park
call 207-288-8186 to make your reservation!







amga single pitch instructor courses
learn from ifmga guide jon tierney, the primary founder and director of the original amga climbing instructor program







guided climbing and amga courses in red rock canyon nca
november 8th - 12th, 2024







katahdin winter ascent
register now for winter 2024/25










 






overview 











since 1993 amgcs has been providing climbing instruction and guiding to discerning clients from around the world. our diversity of clients and programs speaks to the quality and value provided by our premium service. acadia mountain guides climbing school is maine’s only full service climbing school. we are committed to sharing our passion for the mountains with you throughout the seasons from the shores of coastal maine to the peaks of the world’s greatest ranges. 












 












avalanche education 











 







yes, avalanches do happen in new england and each year a number of backcountry enthusiasts are injured or killed in new england from avalanches. take your mountain knowledge to a level that helps you and your group make informed decisions in the backcountry regardless of where you travel. take an aiare avalanche course through acadia mountain guides climbing school!we have aiare courses running all winter!  






click here for more info















wilderness medicine 







it matters who teaches your course! all of our wilderness medicine courses are instructed by school owner jon tierney. jon is one of the nation’s most experienced wilderness medicine instructors with over 1000 teaching days and tons of real-life mountain rescue experience. he is a flight paramedic and an internationally licensed ifmga mountain guide. visit jon’s bio for more info. if you can’t take one of our courses there are several other highly experienced wmai instructors to choose from. among the many wilderness medicine providers, we believe that wmai has the highest standards for both becoming and maintaining instructor status and wmai is the company we feel most comfortable recommending to clients. 






click here for more info











 















rock climbing! 



join us in acadia national park and beyond for an unforgettable experience. any age and any experience can climb. half day, full day, and evening sessions available.  




 








ice climbing! 



acadia mountain guides climbing school offers guided ice climbing across the northeast from frozen sea spray to technical routes up katahdin and mount washington. half days available in acadia national park, full days required for other locations. 



 











learn more about why accreditation matters 



acadia mountain guides climbing school is an american mountain guides association and professional climbing instructor association accredited business. owner jon tierney maintains an amga/imfga mountain guide certification, the highest level of guide certification in the us and internationally. come climb with one of the most qualified guide services in the northeast! 









 
learn more about pcia certification











 
learn more about amga certification



















 guiding & retail 
228 main street, bar harbor, me 04609
guiding, retail, ecommerce
753 stillwater avenue, bangor, me 04401
 (207) 288-8186 / (207) 866-7562
 climb@acadiamountainguides.com
 @acadiamountainguides
 acadia mountain guides

 
copyright © 2017 - all rights reserved

 








© 2025 acadia mountain guides climbing school. powered by sydney 








 












