









franco-american women's institute

























established in 1996
the franco-american
women's institute
2021 was the 25th anniversary of fawi!
l'institut
des femmes franco-américaines
  the franco-american
women's institute is an organization of women who gather
together as a force for the specific purpose of promoting franco-american, ethnic women's voices. the
franco-american women's institute is also an archival place or a recording
place. the women come together in many forms of presentation, body, soul and creative spirit, as franco-american women--québécois,
acadian, métis, mixed blood, french canadian, 'cajun, creole and
huguenot--in a way which encourages them to be voiced while collecting
a record of their and their maman's existence. daughters, mamans, and mémères. 
  franco-americans
are the ancestors of an important and large genealogical group located
on the north american continent. these women live in pockets of communities
throughout the northeast and elsewhere. here in maine several communities
have been chez-nous for franco-americans for more than the past 150 years.
 

 
unfortunately, you cannot actively participate with fawi on facebook as the site has been hacked by a criminal who thinks women do not have a right to have a voice.


--rhea
côté robbins, founder and director
author
of wednesday's child
(http://www.rhetapress.com)
--franco-american
memoir
see
also at book site
empoweringwomentv,
maine authors interview with author





please donate to help continue the work of fawi!  all donations made via rheta press paypal account will be used to fund this website and keep the publications in circulation.














  search this site:
























bienvenue et merci for visiting our web site!
2021 was the 25th anniversary of fawi!






fawi focuses on these fine works. find out more!




  





heliotrope--french
heritage women create is completed!





the franco-american women's institute
(http://www.fawi.net)
celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2021.
now closed: call for
creative works--written, art, photography, craft!

working title: inspired, inspiring,
inspire--french
heritage women create!

the franco-american women's institute (http://www.fawi.net)
celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2021. the
franco-american women's
institute promotes the contributions of the french
heritage women's lives--past,
present and future through its online presence and
publishing their creativity.
for fawi's 20th anniversary, there was a
publication of written works
and visual arts to mark the present, active, creative
lives of the women
of the french heritage culture.









the url
for this page is http://www.fawi.net/ 
date last
revised/updated: may, 2023
 pages
established april 21, 1997
copyright
notice
this publication
and its registered trade mark is copyrighted and all rights are reserved.
written material is copyrighted by the writers. no part of this publication
may be sold, copied, reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, stored in a
retrieval system or translated into any language or computer language,
in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, magnetic, optical,
chemical, manual or otherwise, without the prior written permission. for
more information, please email webms.:
rjean.cote@gmail.com
our mailing
address is: 
franco-american
women's insitute
641 south
main street
brewer,
maine  04412-2516
 


 
if you
enjoyed this site or found it helpful, let us know!




 



new feature! fawi now on google maps!






please send us an email!
let us know you
were here and your thoughts on the website!
rjean.cote@gmail.com





site
map







 translation help
at language tools







 





 






 

 



