



	home - societyns.org











            skip to main content
        































log in


create an account








program director toolkit
directory














about



mission & visionofficersdisclosureshistorythe neurosurgery genealogy project (neurosurgen)mentor videocentury of neurosurgery videocommitteesbylaws & policiessociety representativespast award winnerscontact usorganizational chart

membership



member directorymembership-rostersubmit an obituarynew member nominationpositional membership

meetings



2025 annual meetingfuture meetingspast meetings

medical students



neurosurgery lecturesinterview datesessential neurosurgery bookrecruitment guidelines & letters of recommendationmedical students & residency applicants: sign up for important communicationsopen residency positionsmedical student committee webinars

residents



study materialsvideosmilestonesintern boot campjunior resident courserunn courseannual reportsrecipients of the sns allan friedman runn research grantssenior resident courseneurosurgeon-scientist training program (nstp)

newsletterswinn prize



aboutdonatepast winn prize recipientsnominate

fellowship/cast



cast website

arans





















 

 sns history
2025 annual meeting




president - nathan r. selden, md, phd
the society of neurological surgeons is the oldest neurosurgical professional society in the world. its creation by harvey cushing in 1920 represents the foundational moment for neurological surgery as an independent specialty of medicine. today, the society comprises u.s. academic department chairs, residency program directors, and other educational leaders; serves as the representative body for neurosurgery to the accreditation council for graduate medical education; and sponsors the association of residency administrators in neurological surgery.


















our mission


the continuing development of the field of neurological surgery including graduate and post-graduate education.



















medical students




recruitment guidelines
letters of recommendation 
communications sign up
webinar recordings
neurosurgery match








residents




intern boot camp
junior resident course
runn course
senior resident courses








fellowship/cast




recognition of focused practice
fellowship programs
more cast information




































announcements
neurosurgery governance and professionalism advances reported in jns

two decades of governance and educational reform work by the one neurosurgery summit organizations was reported in the jns in august, 2021. an accompanying editorial and response outlined specialty-wide improvements to diversity, equity, and physician wellness.
an sns-led commission created a professionalism policy for u.s. neurosurgery organizations, as reported in the jns in march, 2021.

follow the neurosurgery blog!
the mission of neurosurgery blog is to investigate and report on how healthcare policy affects patients, physicians and medical practice and to illustrate that the art and science of neurosurgery encompasses much more than brain surgery. click here to view posts and subscribe!























tweets by sns_neurosurg 

































































essential neurosurgery for medical students supplement

authors: daniel l. barrow, md & bernard r. bendok, md
neurosurgery is the medical specialty that focuses on the diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the brain, spine, spinal cord, and peripheral nerves. although it is fundamentally a surgical discipline, neurosurgery requires knowledge of neurology, critical care, trauma care, and radiology. neuroanatomy and disorders of the human nervous system may be intimidating to students and non-neurological physicians. all practitioners, however, should be familiar with some aspects of the discipline of neurosurgery. this supplement provides a basic fund of knowledge all physicians should have, regardless of their chosen specialty.
learn more


h. richard winn, md, prize
the purpose of this international award is to encourage research in the neurosciences and to recognize outstanding, continuous commitment to research in the neurosciences by a neurological surgeon.
the society of neurological surgeons has established a committee composed of neurosurgeons and neuroscientists to evaluate candidates and select an annual awardee. we invite you and your colleagues to submit nominations. in order to encourage a broad solicitation, the society would appreciate dispersing this announcement to your colleagues and faculty.
learn more about the award
see past recipients


program director toolkit
educational and regulatory demands on program directors have become increasingly complex and time consuming particularly with respect to the acgme competencies, milestones and next accreditation system. the society of neurological surgeons website committee has created the program director (pd) toolkit to provide you with some practical tools for teaching and evaluating residents, as well as educating medical students.
view the program director toolkit

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































									videos
								
see more






bilateral frontotemporal decompressive craniectomy (kjellberg procedure)


oct 14, 2019
 by 
the columbia university medical center department of neurological surgery


        the columbia university medical center department of neurological surgery faculty will lead you through a bilateral frontotemporal decompressive craniectomy. a 27 year-old male with no medical history presents with a gcs of 3 immediately after a high speed motorcycle acciden…
    









cranial flap fixation


oct 14, 2019
 by 
sns


        this video explains details on cranial flap fixation including placement and securing metal plates to bone flaps.

this video is the fourth of six surgical and procedural skills modules developed by the bootcamp subcommittee of the committee on resident education of the so…
    









drilling burr holes in bone dissection


oct 14, 2019
 by 
sns


        this video is the first of six surgical and procedural skills modules developed by the bootcamp subcommittee of the committee on resident education of the society of neurological surgeons. it was developed to supplement the pgy1 bootcamp courses and is meant to help individu…
    













administrative support partner



one neurosurgery summit societies
































the society of neurological surgeons
“the senior society”



about
membership
meetings
education


resident courses
medical students
awards
member directory





society of neurological surgeons10 n. martingale road, suite 190schaumburg, illinois 60173


847.805.4515
info@societyns.org



copyright © 2008-2024 the society of neurological surgeons
privacy policy | terms and services | contact us





































