











home | center for wireless communications












      skip to main content
    









            center for wireless communications
    

contact menu


facility request


contact













search


search











main navigation


about cwc



industry affiliates



job board




membership info/benefits/


contact us




people



board members



membership info/benefits/app




faculty


staff




research



ai-6g


5g-6g circuits


connected health


connected and autonomous vehicles


wireless ar/vr


rf safety


research updates


publications




events



5g & beyond forum


research reviews


seminars / conferences


san diego wireless summit


gallery




media



cwc news


announcements


newsletters


cwc youtube channel





























welcome to the center for wireless communications









cwc hosts the fall 2023 research review
atkinson hall
nov 29, 2023
more details here!









cwc hosts the 2023 research review
rady school of management
may 19, 2023
more details here!









cwc faculty & board members






previous



next













announcements
the center for wireless communications (cwc) at uc san diego and qualcomm will co-organize
the first san diego wireless summit on may 30 & 31, 2024 at atkinson hall.  the theme will be wireless in the era of ai.
more details here!

the center for wireless communications (cwc) at uc san diego held its
2023 fall research review on november 29, 2023 at atkinson hall.
more details here!
the center for wireless communications (cwc) at uc san diego held its
2023 research review on friday, may 19, at rady school of management.
more details here. 
 
the center for wireless communications (cwc) at uc san diego held its 10th annual
beyond 5g – toward 6g forum, on november 30 and december 1, 2022.
with over 100 people joining us and remarkable research presentations, it was amazing!
more details here

 




industry affiliates







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 
















research projects







 
ai-6g


 
circuits


 
connected health


 
connected and autonomous vehicles


 
wireless ar/vr













research updates







p. asbeck, d. bharadia, i. galton. d. hall, h.-p. le, p. mercier and g. rebeiz, "integrated circuits for wireless communications: research activities at the university of california, san diego," in ieee microwave magazine, vol. 24, no. 5, pp. 30-44, may 2023the continuing demand for improved wireless connectivity and enhanced data rates has spurred worldwide research in microwave and millimeter (mm)-wave circuits and systems within academia, government, and industrial centers. at the university of…read more


achieving more with less for millimeter-wave systems, profs. bhaskar rao and piya palin mmwave systems even though the number of antennas is large, to deal with the hardware complexity, the number of rf chains is limited. this calls for mixed processing, some rf combining followed by digital baseband processing. motivated by the…read more


a 140 ghz scalable on-grid 8x8-element transmit-receive phased-array with up/down converters and 64qam/24 gbps data ratesgabriel m. rebeiz, amr ahmed, linjie li, minjae jung

d-band communications (at 110-170 ghz) can be a key to fulfill the increasing demand on low latency and high data rate links. this is due to the wide unallocated frequency spectrum of up to 60…read more



















cwc news & events







mitsubishi electric achieves world's first wideband operation of 4g, 5g and beyond 5g/6g systems with single gan power amplifier

june 28, 2023tokyo, june 8, 2023 - mitsubishi electric corporation (tokyo: 6503) announced today it has developed what is believed to be the world's first* … full story


professor xinyu zhang receives rock star award

april 12, 2023sigmobile rockstar award



the rockstar award is sigmobile's early career award. the award recognizes an individual who has made recent outstanding… full story














a 140 ghz scalable on-grid 8x8-element transmit-receive phased-array with up/down converters and 64qam/24 gbps data rates








            submitted by anonymous (not verified)
 on tue, 03/14/2023 - 08:58





 


amr ahmed, linjie li, minjae jung, gabriel m. rebeiz
university of california san diego, la jolla, ca, usa
read more about a 140 ghz scalable on-grid 8x8-element transmit-receive phased-array with up/down converters and 64qam/24 gbps data rates







  subscribe to 










top








 hello from the director


thank you for your interest in the uc san diego center for wireless communications and your support of the groundbreaking research and its relevant applications that our faculty, staff and students are conducting. our goal is to ensure 5g connectivity delivers on its promised benefits, and to prepare for the following iteration of connectivity that will push the bounds of possibility even further.
since its inception in 1995, the center for wireless communications has been a partnership between the university and industry partners from wireless, health, transportation and data sectors, bringing together multidisciplinary researchers from across campus to solve real world problems in the wireless space.
> read full letter
prof. sujit dey
director, cwc














cwc information






our people





membership





job board





contact us
















cwc info


research initiatives


about cwc


publications


our people


industry affiliates


news


events






find us

our offices are located in franklin antonio hall
on the uc san diego campussee map
9500 gillman drive, mc 0433
‌ 858.246.2338
‌  

















