


sissy boudoir























    
	sissy boudoir
	
  












monday, august 17, 2009



	 
	 japanese crossdress cafés
	 
    


tokyo's new cross-dressing maid cafe attracts both the young and old. long known as a hub for electronic and comic geeks, tokyo's akihabara district is now a battleground for role-play based maid cafes. in the latest twist to popular maid cafes, japanese men cross-dress and fill in for women to serve the patrons.labels: cafe, japan, maid



 @ 10:49 pm  
    	
         0 comments






thursday, january 04, 2007



	 
	 a growing number of stores cater to cross-dressers
	 
    


by david scheer at age 71, there are few things he enjoys more then slipping into a smart dress, touching up his makeup and walking out the door in heels for a day of shopping around new york."alana" started cross-dressing in his 60s, after the kids moved out and his wife divorced him -- perhaps, he says, because he insisted on picking out her clothes all those years. though he now calls himself "one helluva woman" when he dresses up, he dreaded his first shopping trip.for alana, the solution came in a small ad in the back of the village voice, where frishman's, a shop in the bronx, quietly billed itself as a "cross-dresser's heaven."he could almost hear his heart beating the first time he walked into the store.he went home a new woman.as long as there has been women's clothing, there have been men who have wanted to wear it. but until recently, only fetish shops catered to cross-dressers. now a growing number of women's clothing stores are trying to make it just as easy for men to buy themselves smart dresses as it is for their wives."for every woman who burned her bra, there is a man ready to wear one," said veronica vera, who runs miss vera's finishing school for boys who want to be girls, a training center for beginning cross-dressers in manhattan.vera, a former porn star and sex columnist, overflows with femininity: raven hair, three-inch heels and even more cleavage. she says she has helped 700 men over the years with courses like dining debutante, campus co-ed, girl on the go and maid to order. (prices start at $635.)next fall, vera plans to publish "cross-dress for success," her second advice book. she's still compiling a list of stores that welcome cross-dressers.at first glance, frishman's, family-owned since 1932, looks quite genteel with its high ceiling and peach and pine interior. its large front windows showcase lingerie, eveningwear, coats, shirts and pants.the women who walked through the store on a late-winter day didn't seem to notice the man in the pink dress shopping quietly among them. and when another man asked for help buying panties, a saleswoman seemed unfazed. "they are for my sister," he said, pausing before he broke into a giggle. "i guess you hear that a lot.""honey, it doesn't matter to me," said the clerk.in the back, frishman's offers a separate changing area that can be used by cross-dressers. its on-staff seamstress specializes in altering women's clothing and underwear -- even girdles -- to fit a man's body. she spends her free time making lacy men's underwear. "they are called sissy panties," says sandi simon, daughter of the store's founder. "they're very popular with some of our customers."catering to cross-dressers is not a large part of her business, but simon says they are some of her most loyal shoppers. decades ago, simon's mother had a pair of regular customers who were cross-dressers. but it wasn't until the store launched a web site in the 1990s that it began to attract so many inquiries from men. word-of-mouth advertising and the internet have helped the store draw more customers.other stores have had similar experiences.at florence's fashions in wakefield, mass., barbara mirlocca, the owner, advertises in alternative publications like the transgender tapestry. now, cross-dressers and transvestites represent about 40 percent of the shoppers at her 42-year-old store, a tightly packed boutique in a two-story house. most come in dressed as men and shop discreetly, she said. "it's not a kinky thing or anything like that," she said. "it's just a regular store."the sally ann corset salon in chicago has even been tinkering with new products to attract cross-dressers, such as a cross-dresser starter kit for "the novice." send your measurements and $125, and the salon will mail you head-to-toe lingerie -- including pads for your bust and butt. (it's quite popular.)leaders of a national cross-dresser's organization, the society for the second self, suggest that as many as 5 percent of men like to wear women's clothing. but most are secretive, never leaving the house for fear that they will be recognized."most cross-dressers are ordinary guys who really want to express a feminine side from time to time," said frances fairfax, editor of "the femme mirror," the organization's quarterly magazine. "they are heterosexual, have been married or are still married, have children, pay their bills and their taxes -- all the normal middle-class things."her husband, for instance, is a doctor and father of three who goes by the name mary ellen. he leads the organization.despite their stability and buying power, many cross-dressers remain an underserved market, from baby boomers to younger men entering their peak earning years. they are desperate for places to shop, she said.many department stores will let male cross-dressers use the women's changing room if they are discreet, said veronica vera. "if you conduct yourself like a gentleman you can be treated like a lady."



 @ 12:11 am  
    	
         4 comments






tuesday, january 02, 2007



	 
	 homosexuality: an effeminate beginning?
	 
    


do effeminate boys become homosexual adults? psychiatrist richard green has identified a pattern of development including an early, intense desire to be a girl, that may help explain why a majority of the so-called "sissy boys" in his 15-year study later became gay or bisexual.  during the late 1950s and early 1960s, green began extensive interviews and psychological tests on a group of 66 extremely effeminate boys and their families. all had been referred to him by other professionals. in most cases, the parents had become concerned about their sons playing with dolls, dressing in girls' clothes or playing exclusively with girls. of the 44 boys with whom green has stayed in touch (most are currently in their early 20s), three-quarters now say that they are homosexual or bisexual. for comparison, green also gathered information on a similar group of more typically masculine boys (only one of whom has become bisexual).  it was clear to green from the outset that the boys were not just "sissies." although many were called that by others their age, these boys were different from other effeminate boys because they also actively wished that they were girls. a teacher contacted one boy's parents when he lined up with the girls in his kindergarten class to go to the water fountain. another mother became alarmed when her 8-year-old showed her how he could hide his penis between his legs. "look, mommy, i'm a girl," he said.green agrees that the findings from his study could easily be misinterpreted. "i could frighten some parents of young boys," he says. "a boy's occasional dressing in girls' or women's clothes, playing with dolls, making believe he is a mommy, playing games with girls, or having no interest in rough-and-tumble play and sports" does not necessarily mean he will grow up gay.  similarly, although no one parenting style predicted whether the boys became homosexual, certain threads were common in many of their lives, green says. some of the parents had wished for a girl instead of a boy and had subtly encouraged their young son to dress as a girl or dressed him that way. some parents of effeminate boys who grew up to be gay had remarked that their son "would have made a beautiful girl." many but not all of the homosexual men had spent less time with their fathers in the early years. many also had serious illnesses in childhood.  because of the special nature of the group and because of an enormous variety of complicating factors, green is reluctant to make sweeping conclusions about whether effeminate boys grow up to be gay. but he does believe that the general pattern of these boys' early lives might hold true for others like them.  green recognizes that some people might be tempted to use the findings from his study as a blueprint for raising "straight" children. but he cautions these overzealous parents: "the data do not tell us . . . how to maximize the prospects of a heterosexual adulthood. there is far too much variability." -jeff meer  richard green, m.d., is at the university of california, los angeles. his study was published as the "sissy boy syndrome" and the development of homosexuality (yale university press, 1987).



 @ 12:02 am  
    	
         0 comments






thursday, december 28, 2006



	 
	 clip from second serve
	 
    






 @ 7:38 pm  
    	
         0 comments










sissy in the makinggirls and sissy are having lots of fun.



 @ 1:20 am  
    	
         1 comments






sunday, november 19, 2006



	 
	 bet who is the girl
	 
    






 @ 7:32 pm  
    	
         0 comments






wednesday, october 25, 2006



	 
	 dress up
	 
    


dress up games for dolls and cute sissy like you are. be inspired and keep it up girl. it might put you in the mood to dress up for your loved one today. hugsdress up here(warning-non english site but you should be able to figure your way out)



 @ 1:21 pm  
    	
         1 comments






thursday, october 19, 2006



	 
	 how to make your eyebrows perfect
	 
    


grooming your eyebrows can make a dramatic difference in your look, and i don't just mean your style . . .  i mean your overall expression.  in fact, one of the first tools women learn when studying theatrical makeup is how radically you can change how a character is perceived- from harmless to wicked, or calm to terrified- by simply rearranging the brow shape they convey that much meaning.  brows can become the signature of your look; something distinctly unique about you.  think of the amazing frida kahlo, bjork or marlene dietrich.  the eyebrows are significant personal effects, and you're right to want to make the most of them.here's how to get great brows:  the best looking eye-brows are the ones that look natural. though most of us go to the parlor to get the brows shaped, you can easily do it at home.  put those tweezers down and start by cutting out pictures of eyebrows you admire.  practice on yourself by brushing them up with a firm eyebrow brush, or you can use a clean toothbrush.then, using a white or beige eyeliner, trace over the hairs you might think of tweezing out (to give the illusion that they already are tweezed out).  this way, you get a feeling for theshape, and can try variations until you like what you see.first, brush your brows upward. carefully trim any excess hair above the top of your arch which appears at the middle. don't take off too much or else you may be left with bald spots on your brow.  now, check the shape properly.  ideally, your brow should begin at your tear duct peak at the outer edge of your iris and end at the outer corner of your eye.  if your eyebrows are too close to each other above your nose or are too short at the outer edge, you get an "angry look." therefore, be careful about where they begin and end.  sooth the brow area by wiping a cotton ball soaked in astringent over the brow area.hold a pencil in line with the outer side of your iris and note where the peak of your arch naturally occurs.  from the arch to the outer corner of the eye your brow should fall in a straight or slightly curved line, depending on the look you're trying to achieve.  hold the tweezers at a 45 degree angle and pluck the stray hairs below the brow line. remember to pull the hair in the direction of the hair growth for a neat look.  the best look is the natural look. so, try to follow the natural contours of your brow when plucking.after you are through, just fill in sparse areas with a freshly sharpened brow pencil; use light, quick strokes to draw in hair.  creating the most flattering shape and arch for your brows may be challenging, especially if you have missing, fine or very coarse hairs.  i went through the basics, but do consult with a professional if you feel unsure



 @ 10:53 pm  
    	
         0 comments














links

asha's boudire
daily sissy photo
mistress kika
prissy panty boy
boy wife

ebay shopping for sissies




how to become a perfect sissy maid crossdress book


crossdresser/transgender shopping

ladybwear
new attitude
grand allure
weight loss
matchamerica
transgendered.net
queen fashions exotic footwear and clothing
ron's rhinestones international
crossdresser


books for tg/ts/cds



previous posts

japanese crossdress cafés
a growing number of stores cater to cross-dressers
homosexuality: an effeminate beginning?
clip from second serve
sissy in the makinggirls and sissy are having lots...
bet who is the girl
dress up
how to make your eyebrows perfect
brian to briana - boys will be girls
three cds by the road

archives

february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
august 2009















 



 






 


