





















police department | bartlett, tn - official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














 












search







 
 
 


    government      services      community      business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 











 
homegovernmentdepartmentspolice department












police department		






protect & servethe city of bartlett police department has the responsibility to protect and serve the citizens of the city of bartlett. our mission, in partnership with the citizens of the community, is to protect the lives and property of those citizens, to understand and respond to the specific needs of the community and to improve the quality of life for the citizens by building capacities to maintain order, resolve problems, prevent crimes through high visibility and community oriented policing concepts and apprehend criminals in a manner consistent with the constitution of the united states, the laws of the state of tennessee, and the ordinances of the city of bartlett.the bartlett police department welcomes hundreds of visitors throughout the year for tours of the police department. it’s always great to have so many residents, especially kids, come through our department to learn more about our officers and operations, and to see how hard we work to keep our community safe. click the photo above to take a virtual tour!



 
 
 





the bartlett police department received its accreditation from the tennessee law enforcement accreditation (tlea) program on september 27th, 2012. tlea recognizes departments who have met accreditation requirements and who continue to comply with guidelines set forth by the tennessee law enforcement accreditation program. after meeting many stringent requirements, the tennessee association of chiefs of police and its board of directors awarded this meritorious accreditation to our very proud police department. for more information on tlea and its accreditation program, please click on the logo to visit their website.



 
 
 



  
 
 




 special needs registration
 
 
 
 
 





 






contact us



police department

physical address
view map 
3730 appling road
justice center
bartlett, tn 38133








3730 appling road justice center bartlett tn 38133


directions


phone: 901-385-5500
emergency phone: 911


additional phone numbers dispatch non-emergency 901-385-5555  mobile non-emergency:  *2  crime stoppers:  901-385-5550  investigative services:  901-385-5565  chief of police:  901-385-5560  police records office: 901-385-5500  court clerk's office: 901-385-5580  hours monday through friday8 a.m. to 5 p.m.






directory




  
 
 



 





administration





a message from chief cox




chief cox's bio




deputy chief golden's bio




chief inspector thornton's bio




chief inspector thompson's bio




chief inspector leppanen's bio






patrol division





traffic / motors unit




canine unit




s.w.a.t.




honor guard




reserve unit




crime suppression unit






investigative services division





crime stoppers




financial crimes unit




narcotics unit






communication / jail division




city court




records division




public information and education





community relations request




crossing guards / school safety




neighborhood watch




school resource officers / d.a.r.e.




citizens police academy




youth citizens police academy




volunteers in police service






employment




vacation / security request




reports




first responders monument





 





 














notify me®








online payments








report a concern










 
 














career opportunities








information guide








explore bartlett










 
 
 



 















 






  
 













mayor david parsons










 
 



  
 







contact us







city of bartlett6400 stage roadbartlett, tn 38134phone: 901-385-6400city directory
 






  
 



  
 







get connected







facebook








twitter x








instagram








youtube








nextdoor










 
 



  
 







quick links







bartlett city schools



bartlett maps



bartlett area chamber of commerce



bartlett express weekly newspaper



city of bartlett - office locations



commercial appeal daily newspaper









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














home







site map







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices













/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 












government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









