












zaner




















home (current)
services
about us
contact
open account












empowering your operation

global commodities risk-management, brokerage & tools. proudly family owned and operated since 1980.


                            learn more
                            
























our services

								for over 40 years zaner has provided advice and brokerage services to users worldwide in the futures, commodities, metals, currencies and energies markets. cutting-edge technology, accurate risk-management, reliable clearing, top-notch research, trading insights and impeccable support define our services.  
							









ag hedging
led by ted seifried the zaner ag hedge group was formed by industry veterans to provide professional risk management advisory for the agricultural supply chain.
learn more




metals, we got you covered
zaner's metal hedging unit, tornado specializes in ecommerce and hedging solutions for the precious metals industry.
learn more




interest rates, energies & more
across the global commodity markets, we have experience helping a broad range of cutomers mitigate their risk.
contact us








global solutions
professional service and expertise across all major futures exchanges throughout the world. get the access you want and need from zaner.
open account




competitive rates
flexibility for your trading - deep discounts off our standard rates for high volume traders and reasonable, competitive rates for full-service.
get a quote




leading technology
we incorporate the latest trading and management tools with unparalleled customer attention - custom matched to your trading style.
demo a platform







previous



next











about us



                                    zaner is a family owned and operated firm.  from its beginnings, the zaner brand has stood for commitment to its clients, and that has never wavered. that's why we are still strategically located in the heart of chicago, nestled in between the chicago board of trade and the chicago mercantile exchange.
                                

our mission


                                            our job at zaner is to provide you with the right account people, tools, technology and high ethical standards to ensure your highest probability of success, at the best cost.
                                        

our registrations


                                            the zaner group of companies have memberships or registrations with commodity futures trading commission (cftc), national futures association (nfa), niba, us treasury / fincen, illinois chamber of commerce, illinois farm bureau, ipmi, cce and has an a+ rating with the better business bureau.
                                        


contact us



















our life story






company founded

                                    jack zaner and two partners launch what eventaully becomes zaner financial services.
                                



may
1980





nfa created



sept
1981





major brokers choose zaner

                                    large brokerages such as merrill lynch, piper jaffray and kidder peabody launch public commodity funds, and with over 800 cpos to choose from, they chose to partner with zaner.
                                



 
1981





matthew zaner joins the firm

                                    contributing his work experience in technology, the options trading floors, and a degree in economics from the university of arizona, matthew zaner furthers the proud family-owned and operated lineage.
                                



nov
1997





dow 10,000



march
1999





cme/cbot merger



jun
2007





btc genesis



jan
2009





zaner ag hedge launched

                                    with the hire of ted seifried, zaner proudly enters the professional agriculutral risk management arena.
                                



sept
2009





corn $8



jul
2012





zaner precious metals launched

                                    bringing its understanding of regulated markets to precious metals, zaner launches a full service precious metals dealer and risk management group.
                                



sept
2013





zaner capital markets launched

                                    to serve our metals customers holistically, zcm brings our hedging solutions in house.
                                



may
2020












subscribe to our daily newsletter!










submit























contact us


                                        150 s wacker dr, ste 2350
                                        chicago, il 60606
                                    


email:
info@zaner.com


phone:
                                        +1 312-277-0050
                                    

screen share:
launch






contact form




your name *







your email *










your message *









zaner needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. you may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, please review our privacy policy.



send a message












							â© zaner group holdings llc, all rights reserved.
							trading futures, options on futures, and/or retail off-exchange foreign currencies involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for all investors.
zaner financial services llc is registered with the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) and a national futures association (nfa) member introduicing broker (#0001951). zaner capital markets llc is registered with the cayman islands monetary authority (cima) as a securities - registered person (#1622983).
						
















competitve rates

×



complete this form to get a customized rate quote.












get quote










platform demo

×



complete this form to sign up to demo a platform.












get demo










new account

×



choose account type...
futures & forex »
otc metals »










cookies

×



			by using this website, you automatically accept that we use cookies. learn more.


understood





















