


teapots from around the world































homebeehouse
adult tea sets
artist hand thrown
belleek china from ireland
boleslawiec polish pottery
blue and white
cast iron teapots
delftware ceramics
deruta italian pottery
dunoon bone china
english pottery
franz porcelain
gail pittman pottery
gzhel russian teapots
holiday teapots
lomonosov porcelain
mugs and tea cups
miniature teapots
novelty teapots
penzo mashona
portmeirion
tea for one sets
tea cosy
teapot themed gifts
wallace and gromit
yixing teapots
clearance items
childrens tea sets

about us
contact us
privacy policy
returns, exchanges, damages and cancellation policies
secure shopping
shipping rates
shipping map
special order
subscribe to our mailing list
gifts from the uk








teapots from around the world
















welcome to allteapots.com your source for fine teapots from around the world.
located in colorado we feature a wide range of novelty teapots, limited edition
teapots, traditional teapots, and unique one of a kind teapots. click on a teapot
link below or use the menu on the left.  
beehouse zero japan beehouse teapots, mugs, cups and sausers, hook-pack containers and replacement infusers.click the link above to see the full range of what we have left in stock.


childs tea sets, backpacks and plush toys just a few examples shown below
click the link above to see the full range.








tea sets for adults bone china and ceramic tea sets from england, china, malaysia and the us.click the link above to see the full range.






made in africa teapots penzo mashona.click the link above to see the full range.


artist teapots hand thrown or hand pointed teapots.click the link above to see the full range.





belleek china from ireland belleek pottery, irish craftsmanship handcrafted to perfection.click the link above to see the full range.





blue and white teapots russian, polish and delftware pottery, the best of the blue.click the link above to see the full range.





cast iron teapots just a few examples shown below.
click the link above to see the full range.





mugs and tea cups just a few examples shown below
click the link above to see the full range.








miniature teapots just a few examples shown below
click the link above to see the full range.








novelty teapots - check out our novelty teapot section for these and many more.








teapot for one tea for onetea for one and teapots for one in an assortment of styles.click the link above to see the full range.









if you have a question about a product you see listed on our web site please send us an email including a link to the page you found the product on. 


if you have a question about a product that isn't shown on our web site please send us an email and we'll see if it's available.
email us now

if you wish to place an order by phone, feel free to give us a call.
our toll free number is 1-866-797-4084 if you are calling from colorado or outside the us our number is 303-456-5742
 


best wishes - karen and mark


 


shipping information
shipping in the us is a flat rate of $10.00 on orders under $100.00 (excluding hi and ak)
us orders over $100.00 ship free (excluding hi and ak)


contact us---

privacy policy---

returns and guarantees---

secure shopping---

shipping rates---

shipping map






