








inca link international | reaching the 300 million youth of latin america






















































































































		skip to content








new life in colombia: empower transformation & hope > 







shop 










facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 














			 en		



			 en		

             es        















 

search


 
















 












ministries

 






colombia 



oasisproyecto confianzazoe home 



costa rica 



cumbre alta costa ricainca lenguakatamanthanotucántico 



ecuador 



bonsaicasa elizabethcumbre altae625el hormiguerolíder plusninawachi mission institutepluma ligeraportoviejo 7.8quinta casablanca 







guatemala 



creación de diosmanos de cristo 



honduras 



casa onesíforoclases de inglésel recreola sierra 



international 



corbanlink year 



méxico 







perú 



amijaieliminca thakhimanámisión más vidaruna simi 



usa 



cumbre alta bossier citycumbre alta fútbol camp 







our teamserve

global outreach teamsglobal outreach internshipslink yearcareersinca link canada
about

our modelterrific tuesdayscare partners2024 annual report
contact 











 
sponsorship















 
donate


























 
inca-link-colombia-oasisoasisproviding children and youth with a safe space to succeed in their educational journey while practically sharing christ's love.
learn moreinca-link-colombia-zoe-homes-networkzoe homezoe home's mission is to provide a colombian teen from a troubled home with a place to heal, learn, and grow.
learn moreinca-link-costa-rica-ca-costa-ricacumbre alta costa ricacumbre alta costa rica teaches sport skill development to children and youth.
learn moreinca-link-ecuador-bonsaibonsaifocusing on furthering education, promoting healthy families, and proclaiming jesus.
learn moreinca-link-ecuador-casa-elizabethcasa elizabethworking in the prevention and accompaniment of teenage pregnancy with the vulnerable population of northern quito.
learn moreinca-link-ecuador-cumbre-altacumbre altacumbre alta aims to share christ and his love through soccer while striving to reach the highest levels of ecuadorian sport.
learn moreinca-link-ecuador-el-hormigueroel hormiguerodiscipling young people through sharing the gospel and then engaging them in a deeper understanding of who god is and their relationship with him.
learn moreinca-link-ecuador-ninawachininawachi mission institutetraining national youth to be missionaries and sending them out to the forgotten people groups throughout the jungle regions.
learn moreinca-link-ecuador-portoviejo-7.8portoviejo 7.8introducing children and youth, who live in the garbage dump, to the love of jesus through bible study and compassion ministries.
learn moreinca-link-guatemala-creacion-de-dioscreación de diostraining children and young people from different areas of guatemala who are capable of fulfilling their dreams in christ.
learn moreinca-link-guatemala-manos-de-cristomanos de cristoour goal is to help break the cycle of poverty in vulnerable communities in guatemala.
learn moreinca-link-honduras-casa-onesiforocasa onesíforoserving the new generation of támara through a feeding program while practically showing the love of christ.
learn moreinca-link-honduras-la-sierrala sierrasharing the love of jesus through bible studies, literacy programs and engaging in the community.
learn moreinca-link-honduras-el-recreoel recreomediating dynamics to share the irresistible love of christ with the children of the pueblo viejo school.
learn moreinca-link-peru-amijaiamijaiseeking to identify, disciple, train, and connect future leaders from different underdeveloped communities to the local church.
learn moreinca-link-peru-elimelimproviding vulnerable children, youth and mothers with opportunities to break out of the cycle of poverty.
learn moreinca-link-peru-inca-thakhiinca thakhiinca thakhi is an outdoor discipleship camp ministry with the passion to see god's love spread.
learn moreinca-link-peru-manamanáempowering children in need through support in their education, entrepreneurship, nourishment, community, and walk with christ for a brighter future.
learn moreinca-link-peru-mision-mas-vidamisión más vidaour mission on earth is to announce the gospel of jesus christ in a truly relevant way so that people become his faithful disciples.
learn moreinca-link-peru-runa-simiruna simireaching the people groups of peru with the word of god in their own languages.
learn moreinca-link-international-corbancorbanour mission as a band is for each presentation to connect the hearts of the people with the heart of god.
learn moreinca-link-usa-ca-bossier-citycumbre alta bossier cityholistically develop players to impact players and communities beyond the soccer field. 
learn moreinca-link-usa-ca-campcumbre alta fútbol campthrough soccer, our goal is to engage the latin american population across the united states and connect them with the broader community to impact players and the community beyond the game.
learn more 
















 







our mission 



inca link’s mission is to reach the 300 million youth of latin america with christ’s irresistible love. to complete this goal we seek to identify, connect, facilitate and mentor high capacity youth leaders to multiply their impact in latin america to reach the next generation. 






 




							evangelism & discipleship						










 




							training leaders						










 




							connecting people						










 




							compassion ministries						















what we do 



founded in 2006, inca link’s reach has been growing thanks to the lord’s guidance and intervention. 












have heard the gospel through inca link 

0
m











ministries 

0












countries 

0















































 







our ministries 



check out the list of countries below to see how we are impacting local communities. 



colombiacosta ricaecuadorguatemalahondurasméxicoperúusa 

















































				terrific tuesdays 2-11-25			



			read more »		










				terrific tuesdays 1-28-25			



			read more »		










				terrific tuesdays 12-31-24			



			read more »		






 




load more































 








 
















 













 








p.o. box 1321, boone, nc 28607info@incalink.org 






facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 










sign up for our newsletter 



 



 



















© 2025 all rights reserved 







privacy policy 











 





































