






issvd | vulvar disease | research and education


































  login
my profile
pay dues
join us
donate
contact issvd
english

english
spanish














aboutgoals and missionsboard of directorsaffiliated societiessponsor and exhibit opportunitieshistorypast congress meetingsissvd past & futurelifetime achievement awardresourcesmembershipissvd membershipissvd member benefitsissvd member networkingnorth american membershipbecome a north american chapter memberna member benefits and resourceschaptersnorth american chapternorth american board of directorsgoals and missionpast meetingsrelated societiesabptgicbssvdecsvdsiavvsolapaveventsissvd live eventsinternational vulvovaginal disease update 202528th biennial conference on diseases of the vulva and vaginaxxviii world congress and vulvovaginal disease update 2026issvd onlinevulvar awareness dayonline coursesna chapter eventsna chapter grand rounds march 2025other meetings of interestpublicationsnewspodcastspatient handoutswebinarsbenefits




















about goals and missionsboard of directorsaffiliated societiessponsor and exhibit opportunitieshistory past congress meetingsissvd past & futurelifetime achievement awardresourcesmembership issvd membership issvd member benefitsissvd member networkingnorth american membership become a north american chapter memberna member benefits and resourceschapters north american chapter north american board of directorsgoals and missionpast meetingsrelated societies abptgicbssvdecsvdsiavvsolapavevents issvd live events international vulvovaginal disease update 202528th biennial conference on diseases of the vulva and vaginaxxviii world congress and vulvovaginal disease update 2026issvd online vulvar awareness dayonline coursesna chapter events na chapter grand rounds march 2025other meetings of interestpublications newspodcastspatient handoutswebinarsbenefits






 






 
the world leader for vulvovaginal education and research

providing world-class education on diseases and care solutions
become a member
 









kuala lumpur, malaysia 

live event dates: april 25-26, 2025
this is a live participation only event with limited seating. register now. 
please note: there is no virtual option for this course. if you are unable to attend, we invite you to join us for the 28th biennial conference on september 10-13, 2025 which will include a virtual option.
read more














 
lichen sclerosus 

now available for free download: issvd's practical guide to the diagnosis and management of lichen sclerosus
disclaimer: we are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, or quality of any materials found outside of our official website that have been translated. all officially translated materials and authorized content are available exclusively on our website. we encourage users to refer directly to our website for verified translations and the most up-to-date information.
read more
 





now available for free download: issvd recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of vaginitis 
the new issvd recommendations are designed to overcome cultural, social and financial differences in global societies utilizing our team approach.
now available in english, italian, portuguese and spanish. (other languages coming)
disclaimer: we are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, or quality of any materials found outside of our official website that have been translated. all officially translated materials and authorized content are available exclusively on our website. we encourage users to refer directly to our website for verified translations and the most up-to-date information.
read more













now available:  online courses by issvd experts

interested in testing your knowledge? try our new vulvar assessment tool free! this tool is designed to enhance your understanding of vulvar diseases and test your knowledge. please remember, this quiz is for educational purposes only and does not confer expert status in vulvar disease.
take your education of vulvovaginal disease diagnosis and treatment to a new level at your convenience.  we currently have our fundamentals course available and our international course on vulvovaginitis .  bookmark this page and check it often for more great learning courses coming soon.
register now





search our resource library

at the present time, the issvd consists of approximately 800 gynecologists, dermatologists, pathologists, microbiologists, family practitioners, psychologists, sexual counselors, physical therapists, microbiologists, nurse practitioners, and others, all of whom have distinguished themselves in some area of the study of vulvovaginal disease, and are considered capable of and willing to assist the society in attaining its goals and purposes.
we have compiled many resources we would like to share. 
*join as a member to have access to everything. 
search now






 




 
who is issvd?

the issvd, which stands for the international society for the study of vulvovaginal disease is a non-profit organization that was founded in 1970 at the sixth world congress of the international federation of obstetricians and gynecologists (figo) in new york city. it is composed of health care professionals from different around the world, including, gynecologists, dermatologists, general practitioners, physiotherapist, nurse practitioners, etc. devoted 
to the study, investigation, and treatment of vulvovaginal diseases.
 





 
upcoming events all events

 
 







				           
				      

issvd live events

learn more




				           
				      

issvd online

learn more




				           
				      

na chapter events

learn more




 
 
current news all news

 
 







				           
				      

test your diagnostic skills in vulvar diseases of various skin tones


                        the international society for the study of vulvovaginal disease (issvd) education committee created this resource to address the fact that women of color are historically underrepresented in dermatology and gynecology education. limited educational tools contribute to the challenge of diagnosing vulvovaginal diseases and identifying the different appearances in various populations, particularly women of color.                      
learn more




				           
				      

issvd new president


                        the international society for the study of vulvovaginal disease (issvd) is delighted to announce debra heller, md as its new president. dr. heller is professor emeritus of pathology at rutgers-nj medical school, newark nj. 
she is board certified in anatomic pathology, pediatric pathology, and obstetrics and gynecology, and one of her major areas of interest is vulvar and vaginal diseases. dr. heller is the author of over 300 published articles and numerous books and book chapters, including three relating to diseases of the vulva. she serves as an associate editor for the journal of lower genital tract disease  and was the founding president of the north american chapter of the issvd. 

we congratulate her on this well-deserved honor and wish her all the best in her new role. she will serve as president until the close of the xxviii world congress to be held in halifax, nova scotia, canada-july 10-15, 2026                    
learn more




				           
				      

vaginal microbiome


                        understanding how the microorganisms that inhabit the vagina interact with each other and with the host is fundamental in the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of vulvovaginal disease. the issvd is proud to announce the publication of 5 comprehensive manuscripts that revealed advances on the role of the microbiota in lower genital tract infection in women of all ages.

these manuscripts are preceded by a commentary by prof. jack sobel, dean and distinguished professor of the wayne state university school of medicine                    
learn more




 





become a member

we have two tiers of membership.  if you choose to change your status to “fellow” you may do so by attending two events and presenting a qualifying abstract at our next world congress. 
join us!











member login

already a member? log in here!
login now





























the international society for the
study of vulvovaginal disease (issvd)

















contact us
+1-704-709-3511
issvd@issvd.org
po box 586
waxhaw, nc 28173
 


get free issvd updates
delivered straight to your inbox.
click here
 
























privacy policy
terms of use
cookies policy
donate to issvd
member login
join issvd


copyright © 2017 - 2025 all rights reserved.
charlotte web design by synchronicity
reproduction and distribution of contents including images and artwork, in whole or in part, without prior written agreement is prohibited.
 




























