





steve's antique technology
















































steve's antique technology
photofact schematics
factory service manuals






watkins glenn stereoview cards
na-ald tube adapter
printers blocks
additional slide charts
additional wheel charts
micronta multitester
additional rca service manuals
westinghouse bicycle radio
1945 weston catalog
ge: how tubes work
hickok 800a instructions
hickok's first tube tester
weller #66 catalog
nyc radio row history




bookmark this site onyour tablet or smartphone.















welcome tosteve's antique technology
i am a collector of old technology, antique vacuum tube radios & 
vintage transistor radios, electronic test equipment, vintage soldering irons & soldering guns, old phonographs and record players.




i also have an extensive (500,000+) library available of original factory service manuals and schematics and photofact service manuals
ranging from the 1920s through the 1960s covering radios, amplifiers, record changers, and classic car radios.

this site contains thousands of files, photos, and pages. if you get lost, try using the site search button at left or the sitemap link located at the bottom left of most pages.    enjoy and thanks for visiting.












vintage test equipment collection
my vintage test equipment collection is by far the largest and most popular category on this site and the main focus of my collecting.
	it includes the special sections listed below.



main test equipment page
apparatus design co.
don bosco's stethotracer & mosquito
hickok electrical instruments
non-linear systems - nls
rca test equipment
readrite/triplett






simpson
supreme instruments
weston
vintage digital multimeters
soldering guns & irons
cardboard slide and wheel charts





supremeinstruments.org





soldering irons, soldering guns, and soldering tools
	over the years i've accumulated quite a few antique soldering irons, guns, and tools, so many that they now have their own section. 
	here you will find examples of early soldering irons and guns, vintage soldering stations, tools, and soldering history.
	









antique radios items in my antique 
	radio collection include early tube sets, transistors,
early bicycle radios,	and vintage advertising.










vintage record players and phonographs
	i'm particularly attracted to unique items and styles.  here are a few phonographs that mostly sport unique designs.











my electronics workbench









my collection of supreme test instruments atsupremeinstruments.org












the  colby radio research laboratoryin auburn ny









my ferguson big board computer













i also operate several related sites offering an extensive library of original and downloadable factory service manuals, photofact service manuals, 
and schematics for vintage tube and transistor radios, record players, tube amplifiers, tape recorders, classis car radios, record changers, and more:





antiqueradioschematics.organtiqueradioschematics.org offers a large selection of manufacturer's original factory service manuals and schematics for hundreds of 
	makes and models of vintage tube and transistor radios, record players, record changers, tube amplifiers, tape recorders, and automobile radios.









theschematicman.com
"the schematic man" supplies original photofact service manuals via u.s. mail and 
	high resolution downloads at a fraction of the cost from the publisher. it also includes an easy to use on-line alphabetical index for finding the photofact folder number for your model.
the site offers thousands of original photofact folders and over 8,000 downloads with 2,700+ of the most popular service folders available to download instantly in high resolution, printable, pdf format.









autoradioschematics.com
if you restore antique and classic cars this site allows you to find 
	that elusive car radio schematic without having to search through thousands of non-auto radio service manuals.












used books for antique radio collectorselectronics, service, theory, and history
used books
antique radio and vintage electronics
collector's books, service books, how to books, hard to find, history, theory, and more




 









sitemap







radios
record players
test equipment
soldering
calculators
computers
stereo viewers
tools
parts
schematics
workbench
reviews
contests
miscellaneous
links
home page
top of page






please note: the data and files contained here are from many vintage sources. 
	there is no guarantee of the accuracy of any information contained on these pages. 
	it is solely up to the end user to decide that the information and files contained 
	within this site are accurate and fit for use with their equipment. 
	this is a private collection.  i am not responsible for any loss or damages that may be incurred in any way from 
	the use of any information contained on or downloaded from this web site.
	direct linking to files hosted on this site is not allowed without written permission.
	this site is not affiliated in any way with any of the listed manufacturers or brands.
	all the trademarks in these documents and web site are registered by their respective owners. 
	all the brand and product names are trademarks of their respective companies.



copyright © 1995-2025 steve johnson, elbridge ny, all rights reserved.






