






the inn and brewing co at turkey hill in bloomsburg pa










































































call  for assistance
(570) 387-1500


check availablity
browse our menus




visit the turkey hill brewing company


buy e-gift certificate












menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
welcome
accommodations

all guest rooms

view all
second floor rooms
courtyard rooms
stable rooms
deluxe king
king supreme rooms


guest services & policies
pet policy
amenities
grounds & rooms map
check availability
book now


dining

complimentary breakfast
the farmhouse

fine dining
current menu
dining parties


the farmhouse dining reservations
turkey hill brewing company


specials
business travel

business traveler rates
business traveler rooms & amenities


the area

view all things to do
antiques & treasures
running & racing
snow getaway
brew pubs
art lovers
kayaking
family amusement
trails
the outdoors
a very fresh getaway
blog


about us

inn’s history
grounds & rooms map
career & news
photo gallery
guest services & policies
pet policy
amenities


find us

directions
contact us


 
















welcome!the property is home to two distinctly different restaurants. the farmhouse fine dining restaurant, located in the main house/lobby, offers in-house dining with advanced reservations required.  for information on the more casual turkey hill brewing co., please check out their website or facebook page for up-to-date information.  both restaurants offer room service in the evenings during posted restaurant hours. restaurants allow well-behaved dogs to join their humans on our outdoor patios.  breakfast will be available to guests staying at the inn for in-house dining.stay at the inn, farmhouse and brewing co. at turkey hill in bloomsburg pawhy stay in an ordinary chain hotel when you have the option of choosing a truly unique lodging experience at competitive prices?discover the true essence of pennsylvania while enjoying the campus-like environment at the inn, farmhouse and brewing co. at turkey hill—a bloomsburg landmark. whether you are coming to see family and friends, traveling along interstate-80, exploring the many outdoor activities, checking–in on a loved one at bloomsburg university, or even conducting a little business, the inn, farmhouse and brewing co. at turkey hill offers a convenient gathering place and peaceful respite.once you check in, you’ll find everything you need is located right here at the inn.for best rates anywhere: book online!24-hour front desk service for convenient, check-in any time after 4pm.a quiet setting with the comfort of a b&b and amenities of a hotela choice of 23 comfortable guestrooms with ground floor access, convenient to parking (grounds & room map)private room entrances for all rooms, many with fireplaces and whirlpool tubsflat-screen tvs, docking ports, refrigerators and microwaves in all roomsfine dining in the farmhouse at turkey hillcasual dining at the turkey hill brewing company pub and grillemicro-brewery on the premisesfree wireless internet accessfamily owned and operated since 1984a select registry propertyselect rooms that accommodate children and petsopen year-roundif you’ve been searching for a quiet and relaxing oasis just off the highway in the berwick, danville, or bloomsburg pa area, now you’ve found it: the inn, farmhouse & brewing co. at turkey hill, call to reserve your room, or book online today. **please read our most up to date policies as we will be making changes in the upcoming months.  














a note from your host:
welcome to the inn, farmhouse & brewing co. at turkey hill!
the farmhouse restaurant offers fine dining and requires advanced reservations which can be made through open table.  turkey hill brewing co. offers a relaxed environment for casual dining and drinks. room service is available to guests staying at the inn from the farmhouse or brewpub .  breakfast is offered to guests staying at the inn and is located in the farmhouse restaurant.  click here to book your stay!



 










 



fill out your e-mail address to receive our newsletter!
e-mail address
 








 
 
 


from our blog



12 best dog-friendly places in bloomsburg, pa: 
			planning a trip with your furry friend? you're in luck — there are plenty of dog-friendly places in bloomsburg, pa, perfect for exploring, dining, and…



how to plan the best romantic winter getaway in pa: 
			now that winter's chill sets in, there’s no better time to escape everyday life and retreat to a cozy haven. experience the perfect blend of…






















 









the inn, farmhouse and brewing co. at turkey hill

991 central rd
bloomsburg, pa 17815
https://www.innatturkeyhill.com
an oasis along the interstate


latitude: 41.024771 longitude: -76.426756



phone: (570) 387-1500 
fax: (570) 784-3718
 info@innatturkeyhill.com
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
our privacy policy accessibility statementview our site map





























 



 
book online directly with us
 guaranteed lowest rates
check availability & book now




