     new & used nissan dealer bay ridge ny | empire nissan of bay ridge                               





                                           empire nissan of bay ridge        sales 347-309-4076     service 347-309-4062   parts 347-309-4079       6501 5th avenuebrooklyn, ny 11220                  service        map        contact                      empire nissan of bay ridge            call 347-309-4076   directions                       new   new vehicles   build/research   nissan model showroom   value your trade   buy vs lease     used   pre-owned vehicles    vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   relatively new   about certified   value your trade   carfax 1 owner   sell your car now     research   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials    service & parts coupons   nissan college graduate program   nissan military program     finance   finance department   get financing   ev faq   how do evs work?   charge, range and battery   ariya vs leaf   ev carefree+   ev vs ice     electric   nissan ev center   nissan ev benefits   nissan home charging   2023 nissan ariya   ariya incentives calculator   2023 nissan leaf   leaf incentives calculator   tires     schedule service    service coupons   service & parts coupons   cupones para servicio y partes   oil change coupons   tires & alignment coupons   brake service coupons   battery coupons   repairs & diagnostic coupons   parts & accessories coupons   national nissan offers     service & parts   nissan service & repair center   one to one rewards   brake service   battery service   express service   oil change   order parts   service & parts coupons     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   meet our staff   hours & directions   careers   serving kings county ny   contact us   nissan car tips   nissan comparisons                     home   new   new vehicles   build/research   nissan model showroom   value your trade   buy vs lease     used   pre-owned vehicles    vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   relatively new   about certified   value your trade   carfax 1 owner   sell your car now     research   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials    service & parts coupons   nissan college graduate program   nissan military program     finance   finance department   get financing   ev faq   how do evs work?   charge, range and battery   ariya vs leaf   ev carefree+   ev vs ice     electric   nissan ev center   nissan ev benefits   nissan home charging   2023 nissan ariya   ariya incentives calculator   2023 nissan leaf   leaf incentives calculator   tires     schedule service    service coupons   service & parts coupons   cupones para servicio y partes   oil change coupons   tires & alignment coupons   brake service coupons   battery coupons   repairs & diagnostic coupons   parts & accessories coupons   national nissan offers     service & parts   nissan service & repair center   one to one rewards   brake service   battery service   express service   oil change   order parts   service & parts coupons     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   meet our staff   hours & directions   careers   serving kings county ny   contact us   nissan car tips   nissan comparisons               

                                                                                                                                                       disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                




    inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search        


      search new inventory     search used inventory        







finance




get pre-approved












specials




view specials












trade




value my trade






        choose your nissan     altima        armada        frontier        kicks        leaf        maxima        murano        pathfinder        rogue        rogue sport        sentra        titan        titan xd        versa          


at empire nissan of bay ridge we offer factory-trained technicians, genuine nissan parts and advanced diagnostics tailored to your vehicle. whatever service your car needs, you can expect excellence at every turn.


schedule service


order parts



      


nissan college grad program
nissan college grad program is quick, easy, it can save you between $500 and $1,000, and we'll help you combine it with other current nissan incentives for maximum savings. now show your parents how smart you are!
learn more




nissan military program
nissan would like to thank you for your service and sacrifice for our country. the exclusive nissan military program helps you save between $500 and $1,000, and can be combined with all current national and regional incentives.
learn more


       

empire nissan of bay ridge
in brooklyn, ny
from the day we opened our doors, empire nissan of bay ridge has had one priority: you. we've dedicated ourselves to offering the best cars, trucks, and suvs to our local ny communities by following the principles on which the first empire nissan of bay ridge dealership was founded.
learn more




        





     


sales hours     monday 10:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 10:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 10:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 10:00am - 7:00pm    friday 10:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 10:00am - 7:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 5:00pm    






          

empire nissan of bay ridge
       at empire nissan of bay ridge, you won't play the games that other dealerships use. we treat all of our customers with the honesty and integrity that they deserve. drivers in brooklyn, bay ridge, bensonhurst, park slope, and the greater nyc area know they can trust empire nissan when they want top-quality vehicles at the best possible price.

empire nissan of bay ridge: setting the bar for service
the best customer service is exactly what you'll get every time when you come to empire nissan of bay ridge. we'll go the extra mile to help you through every step of the car buying process, and then continue supporting you for as long as you own your vehicle.
top models in our inventory
rogue
looking for a mid-size suv with full-size capability? the nissan rogue has exactly what you're looking for. rogue's available all-wheel drive gives you the precision control and extra traction needed to conquer any challenge the road throws at you, making rough terrain or inclement weather much more manageable.
pathfinder
blaze your own trail in the pathfinder. designed to take you anywhere, the nissan pathfinder lets you have as much fun on the journey as you will at the destination. depending on the interior layout you choose, you'll have space for either seven or eight, letting you bring along plenty of family and friends for the drive ahead.
altima
the new nissan altima gives you the full package: thrilling performance wedded to sophisticated design. the powerful vc turbo engine gives you both power and efficiency, achieving up to 39 miles per gallon on the highway to help you take every drive that much further.


murano
rugged capability and luxurious comfort are yours for the asking when you make the murano your next suv. only high-quality materials were used to construct the murano's passenger cabin, adding to the refined elegance you'll see and feel when you come aboard as well as giving everyone traveling with you a five-star experience.
sentra
don't let the sentra's sleek design fool you; the spacious interior will give you and everyone riding with you a comfortable ride. the sentra also offers the chance to enjoy the latest high-tech features, including the intelligent around view monitor which makes parking a breeze.
service and financing
nissan-certified service professionals
nissan-certified service professionalsour nissan-trained service professionals have the specialized training necessary to take care of all your vehicle's maintenance needs. bring your vehicle to us and we'll make sure it gets the expert treatment it needs to keep delivering you the performance you expect for years to come.
financing your next ride
empire nissan's finance center makes a wide variety of loans available to you to help make paying off your vehicle stress-free and painless. our finance team prides itself on working with all kinds of different drivers, so regardless of your credit history, you can feel comfortable coming to us for financing.

                  | empire nissan of bay ridge | 6501 5th avenue, brooklyn, ny 11220 | sales: 347-309-4076 | contact us  | privacy  | limit the use of my sensitive personal information   | do not sell or share my personal information  | consent preferences | sitemap | nissanusa.com             















 




                    