





coffee -n- caffeine - great gourmet coffee












































































skip to content







 







toggle navigation






gourmet coffee
fair trade organic
flavored coffees
coffee blends
dark roasts
green beans
policies
about us
payment options/faq
shop
cart
checkout
my account







 














offering you great gourmet coffee!
great gourmet coffee
you deserve to experience of the finest award winning cup of gourmet coffee.  it’s something to be enjoyed and savored over time.  nothing can be rushed as you smell the gentle aroma while it brews and then later as it slowly cools in your cup.  the buzz of anticipation over for that first sip. the flavor and texture of your very first sip slowly builds to a crescendo of utter bliss where nothing could possibly go wrong…that is, nothing that another cup of our great gourmet coffee won’t fix.
your satisfaction is our guarantee!
free shipping on orders over $75.
now you can use paypal or your amazon account to pay for your coffee.
we believe coffee should be sold by the pound!!
sample our coffees:  if you are interested in one of our coffees and want to try it note the kind and we will try to send you a sample pack with your order.
choose from a large selection of certified fair trade organic coffees
 

to give you the freshest coffee we try to roast only what is needed.
each order is made fresh as needed and shipped ups asap.

most orders are processed and shipped within 48-72 hours.
all our coffees are certified blue ribbon kosher, are sustainably grown using fair trade principles, are shade tree and bird friendly.  we have many that are certified fair trade organic
we do offer decaf coffees in our flavored coffee selection.  take a look

this months featured coffees:
 
chocolate almond toffee flavored coffee
the perfect combination of smooth milk chocolate, roasted almonds, with a tad of caramel, and a spot of cream combined with a well-balanced blend of beans to produce a full flavor and aroma with the medium body and acidity.
 

what can be better for your lover than an evening in paris?
parisian blend coffee
a marvelous blend of arabica coffee’s roasted to a traditional european darkness. bold, rich, & sharp flavor.
 






we produced and sold gourmet coffee for:





captain mykel hawke
discovery channel tv star,
survival expert
u.s. army special forces veteran, green beret officer, survival instructor, media personality in tv and film, and author of 2 bestselling books. he serves as co-founder and director of specops, an international adventure tourism and training company.
unfortunately we no longer offer his coffee but we remain friends.
 

bun e carlos
the drummer for
cheap trick
for many years i have sold bun e carlos’s blend of coffee from my retail locations and on the internet. (bun e is best known for his work as the drummer for the rock band cheap trick ). .
if you would like to read the story of how i came about selling bun e carlos coffee story click here.
unfortunately we no longer offer his coffee but we remain friends.



we can do a private label of coffee for you too find out more here
 
site produced by john birrenbach consulting.














search


searching is in progress
gourmet coffee
fair trade organic
flavored coffees
coffee blends
dark roasts
green beans
policies
about us
payment options/faq
shop
cart
checkout
my account
cartsite login

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org



news feed


coffee is good for you


coffee update, prices, production


holiday schedule 2020


covid-19 update


we are essential business – covid-19 update


our response to covid-19 corona virus


tagscertified kosher
chocolate almond toffee flavor
coffee
corona
corona virus
covid
covid-19
environmentally friendly
fair trade organic
flavored coffee
fto
gourmet coffee
great coffee
kosher
large selection
mexican altura
personal coffee
private lable
quality guarantee
satisfaction guarantee
shade grown








 any questions please call us at 

 it’s best and easiest to email us 


copyright © 2023 coffee-n-caffeine


kale by lyrathemes.com.





























