   keep indianapolis beautiful | community and environmental nonprofit  
      
search
search keep indianapolis beautiful, inc.

search



donate
contact
programsclean neighborhoodsadopt-a-blockclean waterwaysgreat indy cleanupploggingbusy roadstrees & native habitatsproject greenspacehabitat restorationcommunity forestryengaged citizensurban naturaliststree tendersyouth tree teamkib ambassadors
aboutstrategic plan
staff
board of directorsheadquarters
equity commitment
jobscommunity partnerships
financials
awards & recognition
volunteerprojects calendarvolunteer faqsvolunteer safety guide
news
learnnature activities
mapping our workour research & data
#kibees pollinator countlove stops litter
bin your butts
requesttrees
a greenspace
a cleanuptrash boxes & recycling bins
application hub
faqmedia inquiries
supportsustaining donationskib shopcustom day of service
donate
contactkeep indianapolis beautifulhelping people and nature thrive.™we create for the future.keep indianapolis beautiful (kib) is an environmental and community nonprofit that works with neighbors and volunteers to create vibrant public spaces, helping people and nature thrive. we plant trees and native landscapes, build greenspaces, pick up litter, and engage learners of all ages to make indy cleaner, greener and safer for everyone.
learn more
we roll up our sleeves.each year, kib supports over 800 community projects through the hard work of our staff and nearly 20,000 volunteers. we’ve partnered for almost half a century with our neighbors and indy’s community groups, government agencies, and businesses in pursuit of a beautiful city for all of us. we roll up our sleeves to make our city look good – for today and for generations to come. looking for volunteer opportunities in indianapolis? kib has got you covered.
adopt-a-blocktackle the litter on your block. make a citywide difference.

clean waterwayskeep indianapolis beautiful removes litter into indianapolis’s rivers, streams and creeks...

great indy cleanupwork with your neighbors to clean up public spaces.

ploggingget some exercise. clean up litter. enjoy a brew.

busy roadsour keys2work partners address litter on 20 of our busiest streets.

project greenspacetransform a space into a thriving, public greenspace.

habitat restorationrestore habitats along indy waterways.

community forestrywe plant trees to capture stormwater, clean the air, and beautify neighborhoods.

urban naturalistswork-readiness program for young adults focused on maintaining green infrastructure.

tree tendersplant and care for trees throughout our community.

youth tree teamwork-readiness program for high schoolers focused on caring for community trees.

kib ambassadorssuperstar volunteers who help us lead projects throughout the city.
  
browse our programswe are people-powered.from tree plantings and habitat restorations to block-by-block cleanups, we can’t keep indianapolis beautiful without your help. we rely on volunteers (and donors) like you who believe in a greener and cleaner future for all of us.
donatevolunteer  we are here for you.we aim to give our community knowledge, skills, and tools to care for people and nature. our resources, programs and actionable tips are designed to help you create a cleaner, greener city for you and your neighbors.
education hubwe stretch a dollarkib is proud to receive a platinum rating from guidestar and a 4-star rating from charity navigator for our fiscal responsibility and transparency.
awards & recognition

jobs
notices
volunteer

 
1029 fletcher avenue
indianapolis, in 46203
(317) 264-7555
(317) 264-7555
ein: 31-1005792






keep in touch.

  




© 2025 keep indianapolis beautiful, inc. all rights reservedkeep in touch.

  
jobs
notices
volunteer
© 2025 keep indianapolis beautiful, inc. all rights reserved
1029 fletcher avenue
indianapolis, in 46203
(317) 264-7555
(317) 264-7555
ein: 31-1005792











volunteer             

