

cross cultural conflict resolution and teaching universal moral values by 
robert l. humphrey life values institute




















robert l. humphrey's life values 
				theory (also known as the dual-life value or balanced life 
				value) describes the science of teaching and activating the 
				universal human moral values that will stop conflict, including 
				cross-cultural and cross-race violence, and promote peace and 
				personal happiness.




about 
robert l. humphrey 
(1923-1997)
i first encountered professor robert l. humphrey in 1981 as a graduate student 
in san diego, california.  i was taking a masters degree in business 
administration, and i wondered how "cross-cultural relations" could be justified 
as a bona-fide course requirement.  i was an active duty marine officer at 
that time and had been, literally, around the world.  i had heard about 
enough of the "touchy-feely" bromides that passed for enlightened liberalism.  
frankly, i was a hostile audience. 
suddenly, 
however, as bob humphrey talked, i felt that prickly sensation on the back of my 
neck. it was powerful, and really quite physical.  the things that he said, 
the stories he told, touched me in a way that has changed me forever.   
i was stunned to hear him explain, clearly and matter-of-factly, the meaning of 
life.  he called his theory variously "the life value," or life 
values, dual life value or balanced life value.  i 
sometimes think of them, now, simply as "living values."
as i came 
to know him and his personal history, i was amazed to hear that he had 
addressed, literally, hundreds of thousands of people over the years.   
his life value theory and teaching methods had been used successfully to stop 
violence and promote cross-cultural harmony, 
world-wide.

in war, "cold" and "hot."

 teaching the 
life value proved effective in stopping anti-us sentiments due to "ugly 
americanism" in southern italy (down in the heel of the "boot"), in turkey, 
korea, okinawa, and thailand during the cold war.  the goal of each of 
these programs was simply to create better human relations in situations where 
bad relations were interfering with or preventing the accomplishment of a 
mission of strategic significance.   the most notable successes were 
in these important programs:




training of 
	  overseas americans for life and work in italy and turkey (1958-1962).
preparation of 
		american military personnel in korea for joint patrolling of the dmz 
		with korean soldiers (1964-1970).
an 
					orientation package for use by overseas americans during the 
					turnover of the island of okinawa to the japanese.
as 
					the guideline for the united states marine corps' internal 
					human relations program.



his 
methods worked even in his two most challenging "hot" war assignments in 
vietnam. the two daring win-the-people
operations where humphrey taught the "life values" were:




the 
				usmc's combined action platoons where marines, uniquely, lived 
				nights in the villages with the peasants.

				the navy's river-patrol-boats, 
				the riverines
    			or "brown-water navy," where vietnamese sailors were integrated 
				in with our american sailors.



quiet 
	commendations were forthcoming for those programs from top us military 
	leaders in the army, navy, and marines.  the south vietnamese 
	government borrowed the approach for integrating the "hill people" into 
	their own naval forces, proving that his methods could work in the cultures 
	of both the east and the west.

in peace.   
when race riots swept across america 
in the late1960s, a desperate program called "touch-feel sensitivity training" 
was forced into all of the military services.  however, at the request of 
the usmc's commandant chapman, navy secretary chaffee granted an "exception" for 
the marines.  the corps used the life values program instead.  more 
than one marine has heard the current commandant, general charles krulak, say 
that humphrey's program saved the marine corps. 
in the schools.  
in the1980s, humphrey and his sons, working with san diego's national 
university, expanded their values-based conflict resolution program into a full 
youth development curriculum.  they proved that the life values method, 
integrated into a human nature-driven (mind/body/art/values) educational 
program, would educate troubled youths anywhere.  they perfected it with 
mexican-american teenage dropouts near the mexican/california border and with 
native (canadian indian) dropouts in northern alberta.  the new curriculum 
put reluctant young male dropouts into college, into the military, and even into 
corporate-type jobs.   it took the girls away from the gangs and put 
them into college, and into respectable marriages and jobs.
humphrey's new educational 
approach received many commendations.   san diego county called it: 
"the best" program, for both education and juvenile corrections.  
national city, california, chamber of commerce reported that humphrey had 
discovered "the secret to education."  in canada, it was touted as 
the "educational breakthrough of the decade."
a little background on humphrey's 
storybook life is important.   robert humphrey was a child of the 
great depression.  those were the days when life's lessons were learned in 
the school of hard knocks.  he earned money as a semi-professional boxer.  
he rode freight trains, worked in the citizens conservation corps (the cccs), 
and finally joined the merchant marines.  those experiences got him through 
his youth, worldly-wise but morally sound.  he transferred into the us 
marines during world war ii. there, as a rifle-platoon leader on iwo jima, he 
passed the ultimate course in life-and-death values. 
near the war's end, a 
gunshot-wound ended his hopes for a professional boxing career.  he was 
discharged from the marines.  for twelve years he passed through eight 
colleges and universities "searching, just searching."  he was looking for 
answers to that eternal question: "why?"
why that terrible depression that devastated his peaceful little 
hometown? why
that insanity on iwo jima that killed most of his marine friends? 
he took a harvard law degree and 
settled into teaching economics at mit.  then came the cold war with the 
predictions that the communists would win.   he went back overseas to 
see if his global experiences would guide him in solving america's 
self-defeating ugly americanism.  all through the first crucial 
cold-war decades, his contracts were financed--success after success--by the us 
information service, the chrysler missile corporation, the army research office, 
and the marine corps.  he taught culture-transcendent, "win-the-people" 
values in the most vital overseas areas--those surrounding the communist block. 
the approach did overcome the ugly americanism.  it did win 
back the foreign peoples.  and it kept the lid on sabotage and violence in 
his assigned areas.   it opened up a new social-scientific 
pathway to human conflict-resolution.
robert humphrey 
	  passed away during the summer of 1997.  he will be sorely missed.
- jack hoban
  president
  resolution group 
international









 



					buy on amazon








			general charles c. krulak, 31st commandant of the united states 
			marine corps:
 "whether 
			on the battlefield or in the boardroom, a strong value system is the 
			most precious weapon of all. nobody understood this more than bob 
			humphrey. i cherish the time i spent with this remarkable man and 
			count myself as blessed to have been under his tutelage."




			william s. sessions, former director of the federal bureau of 
			investigation: 
			"professor humphrey's fresh look at human nature gives us insights 
			and methods to break down walls between groups in conflict which can 
			impact and help reduce cross-cultural violence."



			colman genn, center for educational innovation and former 
			superintendent, new york city school system: 
			"bob humphrey's life values theory represents the clearest and most 
			satisfying explanation of human nature in the last three thousand 
			years of philosophy."





values stories:


(adapted from values for a new millennium)


the hunting story (human 
	  equality)

iwo jima (the dual-life 
		value)

the warrior creed


bob humphrey on the podium:



ten values-secrets 
				for building institutional and global harmony (from his 
				speech given at the conference on values in higher education, 
				university of tennessee at knoxville, april 10-12, 1997).

links:



resolution group 
	  international

living values



the life values institute inc.
144 bob wright road
maynardville, tn 37807
(865) 992-3206
robert l. humphrey photo by jim manley
© 
2018 all rights reserved







