














center for south asia outreach – uw–madison




























 











skip to main content




university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









center for south asia outreach





menu
open menu


close





home
about
south asian history & culture
expand


collapse



ancient civilization
clothing
countries
languages of south asia
religions of south asia
timeline


teacher workshops
k-12 resources
expand


collapse



language professionals resources
classroom resources
south asian newspapers
archived k-12 lesson plans


community resources
expand


collapse



immigrant justice clinic
afghan refugees wpr article
jewish social services of madison
open doors for refugees
department of education: a keeping the promise


films
expand


collapse



lending library
recommended films list


past programming
south asia book award
discovery boxes
 






 




add me to the listserv

past events
climate optimism: finding creative solutions and making positive impacts – a virtual workshop for educators; wisconsin international outreach consortium (wirc) k-12 educator event 
friday, june 28, 2024; 9am-4pm cst
this workshop will provide new ideas for teaching related to climate change to enable more optimistic approaches in the classroom and mitigate the phenomena of doomscrolling and “climate despair.” featured speakers will bring international, regional, and local expertise to our exchange to provide attendees with practical classroom activities, tangible examples of success, and suggestions for incorporating climate optimism outside of the science classroom.

wisconsin books project 
the center for south asia at the university of wisconsin-madison is pleased to offer public libraries throughout wisconsin the opportunity to enrich their collections with new titles. libraries across the state are invited to submit proposals to purchase books and materials and/or facilitate programming that will enable wisconsin readers to deepen their understanding of south asia. we encourage applicants to select books from the recommended book list, which includes titles for adults as well as children and young adults. this project is supported with federal funding from the u.s. department of education title vi. national resource center program, in partnership with the wisconsin department of public instruction’s library services team.
the application deadline is friday, november 3rd, 2023. the link to the wisconsin books project application for 2023 can be found here.
international children’s literature celebration: folk and fairy tales 
saturday, december 2, 2023; 9am-4pm cst
the international children’s literature celebration: folk and fairytales is a workshop for educators, librarians, students, and children’s literature enthusiasts. award winning authors will present mini lectures and host roundtable discussions, with signed copies of their books available for attendees.
the good life: global perspectives on wellbeing and happiness
july 24, 2023; 10am-4pm
this virtual workshop will discuss the how different cultures define topics related to “the good life,” such as wellbeing and happiness. it will also discuss how world events, appropriation, and the passage of time have effected these definitions and practices.
environmental crisis, development, and human rights in south asia: past and present
an online workshop for educators seeking new ways of addressing the climate crisis, hosted by the center for south asia
friday, july 15, 2:00 pm cdt – registration will remain open until july 15 (click here to register) – a zoom link will be shared with all registered participants ahead of the event
environmental crisis, development, and human rights in south asia: past and present – an online workshop for educators seeking new ways of addressing the climate crisis.
supporting materials will be provided for all attendees. k-12 and community college educators: early registrants will be entered into a drawing for free book bundles containing materials recommended by our panelists! register by july 1 to enter!
featured speakers include:
deepa badrinarayana (professor, dale e. fowler school of law, chapman university) – topics will address ongoing work with environmental law and human rights in south asia
shobhana chelliah (distinguished professor of linguistics and associate dean of research and advancement at the college of information, university of north texas) – topics may include indigenous and endangered language documentation in south asia and the mounting crisis climate change poses to minoritized language communities
thomas crowley (phd candidate in geography, rutgers university and author of fractured forest, quartzite city: a history of delhi and its ridge) – topics may include the environmental history of delhi and its contemporary relevance, or the intersection of caste, development, and the disproportionate impacts of climate change on vulnerable communities.
cseas spring 2022 workshop: (virtual) empowering educators to teach on genocide 
january 15-16, 2022
join the center for southeast asian studies in their professional development workshop, empowering  wisconsin’s k-12 educators to teach on genocide and fulfill the mandates of act 30, the new law passed by the wisconsin legislature and governor evers in april 2021. there will be two sessions, the first on saturday, january 15 featuring talks on genocide cases in regions of the world that our uw-madison area studies centers represent. the second session on sunday, january 16 will feature an overview of act 30 and a talk by samantha goldberg, director of education at the nathan and esther pelz holocaust education resource center (herc), on practical techniques and resources available for teaching confidently on genocide and other sensitive issues covered by the workshop. click here to access more information on the cseas page 
 
iris international book club: social justice: writing for, writing back
november 18, 2021; 4-5pm cst
join the uw-madison institute for regional and international studies (iris) international book club and the center for south asia (csa) for the online november book club which will include a presentation by author randa abdel-fattah and a discussion of how she has come to understand social justice from a local, individualized struggle to a global solidarity movement and what inspires her to write the lines we cross. click here to access the official flyer for the event.
 
iris international book club: using literature to explore sdg 4: quality education
september 29, 2021; 4-5pm cst
join the uw-madison institute for regional and international studies (iris) international book club, indiana university’s center for the study of global change, and the center for south asia (csa) for the online september book club which will include a presentation by dr. elisheva cohen (postdoctoral fellow in international issues and sustainable development at indiana university) and a discussion of malala’s magic pencil by malala yousafzai (k-5), sarafina’s promise by ann e. burg (6-8), and the girl with the louding voice by abi dare (9-12). click here to access the official flyer for the event.
 
may 2021 global partition series
in collaboration with the uw-madison institute for regional and international studies (iris), center for european studies (es), and african studies program (asp), the center for south asia (csa) held a series of k-12 teacher training workshops around the theme of global partitions.
yasmin saikia (hardt-nickachos endowed chair in peace studies and professor of history, arizona state university)
topic: impact of partition on bangladesh
hosted by csa and iris
click here to access resources from the event
anna oltman (lecturer, human rights, university college london)
topic: brexit’s impact across the united kingdom
hosted by csa, es, & iris
click here to access resources from the event
heinz klug (evjue-bascom professor of law and sheldon b. lubar distinguished research chair, uw law school, and visiting professor, school of law, university of the witwatersrand, johannesburg, south africa)
title topic: historical and colonial contexts in south africa and beyond
hosted by asp & iris
 
international career series: international education
the global engagement office, international studies major, middle east studies program, center for south asia, african studies program, and the global higher education master’s program hosted an event on international education (careers related to: international educational development, international education in higher education, and international teaching) for undergraduate and graduate students.
speakers emily hall and anne smiley will discussed how to leverage your international and regional studies and related expertise to achieve your career goals in international education.

emily hall is a community engagement coordinator for the u.s. department of state funded english language programs at center for intercultural education and development at georgetown university. emily also worked as a program officer for fulbright distinguished awards in teaching programs at the institute of international education and was an educator in nepal, tanzania, and the united states.
anne smiley is an associate director of research and evaluation at fhi 360’s global education, employment and engagement business unit. anne also has worked in egypt, ethiopia, equatorial guinea, ghana, lesotho, malawi, nigeria, rwanda, and south sudan.

 
iris-csa, “invisible communities and the places we ignore: a writing workshop”

view iris international book club: a people’s history of heaven resources here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11oaqqj4wk_rngcvktljgewms4dfivx-7?usp=sharing
watch a recording of the webinar here: https://youtu.be/pdmhjdwtvyw


 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@southasia.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











