









international certified flooring installers association
































































skip to content












sign in











join now














































sign in







professional training and certification for flooring installers






carpet • resilient • laminate • hardwood • ceramic



















menu 



homeabout testimonialsevent calendarmembership installers associatescertificationfind an installercontactcfi conventionbuild my future










 






































installers




associates

































welcome to the international certified flooring installers








the international certified flooring installers (cfi), mission is to elevate, promote and represent the professionalism of flooring installation.
since 1993 cfi has been dedicated to improving floor installation in the residential and commercial fields through training and certification.  cfi is recognized as one of the flooring industry’s most distinguished and valuable educational organizations for flooring professionals worldwide.  cfi provides professional development through educational hands-on and technical training in all flooring categories.  course offerings are available for the seasoned installer, to individuals new to the industry interested in beginning their career in flooring.






want to learn more about membership? select an option below to learn more!









installers




associates


































find an installer


























memberships & renewals


























meet our team


























subscribe to our e-news


























become a sponsor
































read the latest issue of flooring specialist






flooring specialist includes feature articles on carpet, resilient, laminate, hardwood, ceramic tile/stone, specialty flooring, safety, tools, substrate preparation, sundries, project management, project profiles and more in each issue!
click below to read the latest issue, get caught up on back issues, or access the media kit.







read the latest issue








download the media kit








flooring specialist archive - every issue here!






































































































































 
















sign up for an upcoming event!
the first step to becoming a member is to successfully attend any of our certification courses! see our upcoming events and sign up for one today!





view events


























our sponsors























































































































































































































 










 




















stay connected










get the latest news and training updates from cfi
email *first name last name select list(s) to subscribe to example: yes, i would like to receive emails from international certified flooring installers association. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 








































































cfi is a division of the world floor covering association.*
our national office is located at 855 abutment road, suite 1・dalton, ga 30721.






phone (816) 231-4646 • fax (816) 231-4343

















*world floor covering association is a 501(c)6 non profit organization headquarted at 855 abutment road, suite 1・dalton, ga 30721.
© 2025 international certified flooring installers association | website design by sumy designs llc









 
scroll to top












