


home based travel agent business & travel agency program







travel
lines express franchise company
home based
travel agent business & travel agency program

reinventing
internet travel with a human touch ™
we are pleased
to offer you the ability to book your customer vacations including airfare,
hotel, car and cruises via the internet 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, with
immediate confirmation and help desk support. you have made the right decision
to revolutionize the way you do business as a home based travel agent.

earn
100%
commission
directly
from the cruise lines, hotels, resorts, car rentals, vacation tour operators and
airline consolidators without sharing your commission with a multi-level
marketing company. book,
print, issue electronic domestic & international airline tickets.


 



 

authorized,
certified, accredited and official full service travel agency & home based
travel agent program

airline
tickets , hotel rooms, car rentals, vacation packages, resorts, cruises,
sporting events, concerts, theatre, bus & rail tours
start
a certified, authorized and official full service travel agency from your home,
office or store. you will receive 100% commission and the best travel benefits.
your full service travel agency will specialize in the sale of airline
consolidator tickets, hotel & resort rooms, car rentals, vacation packages
and cruises. your full service reservation center will be a certified,
authorized and official reservation center for all major cruise lines, airline
consolidators, hotels, car and tour operators throughout the world. your travel
agency and home based travel agent program will be placed on the official travel
industry master accreditation list. your travel agency and reservation center
will be appointed by the largest travel industry association in the world
providing your clients with the assurance of your professionalism and financial
stability. you will be provided with a comprehensive internet based training
program, state of the art technology reservation system, manuals, training
videos, trade publications, reservation forms, toll free information, unlimited
support, brochures, posters, collateral material and unlimited consultation.
with our franchise program, you deal directly with every airline consolidator,
hotel company, car rental company, vacation tour operator and cruise company. all
commissions, fees, incentives, bonus checks and override productivity funds are
paid directly to you. in addition,
you receive complete revenue credit and recognition credit allowing
your travel agency and reservation center to receive special discounts, earn
substantial override commissions, receive reduced rate travel and free benefits
for your entire family and staff. with our franchise program, you become an
accredited, official, insured, appointed, certified and authorized, full service
travel agency and
home based travel agent reservation center.

the sooner you complete
courses, the sooner you earn travel benefits, trips, rewards and valuable prizes













master specialist diplomas -
destination specialist certificates
benefits contests rewards trips
prizes incentives
exclusive
benefits
our
franchise system guarantee to you - 100%
commission paid directly to you 100% of the time: commission
checks, override productivity checks, bonus checks and incentive checks are
always sent directly to your accredited travel agency from the cruise lines,
hotels, car rentals, international airline consolidators and vacation tour
operators.

official
travel industry master accreditation list:
the
cruise lines, car rental companies, vacation tour operators, airline
consolidators, hotel and resort companies focus their promotional resources and
financial support with travel agencies located on the official travel industry
master accreditation list. we guarantee that your travel agency and home based
travel agent business will be placed on the official travel industry master
accreditation list. you will receive priority status for sales calls, brochure
distribution, fax and e-mail broadcasting, co-op advertising funds, seminars,
conventions, trade shows and familiarization trips. you will enjoy special
savings, discounts and benefits with all the travel companies.

exclusive
travel agency accreditation
identification
number:
an
important consideration for clients choosing your travel agency. this
significant benefit provides your clients with the added
assurance of your professionalism and financial stability.



credit
card merchant program:
you
will be authorized to accept all major credit cards.


exclusive
training programs:
extensive
online self paced training programs, comprehensive manuals, training videos,
toll free support and unlimited consultation.




state
of the art global reservation system: real
time, live inventory access, worldwide reservation system connected to your
home/office/laptop computer
including credit card merchant program with automated
built-in credit card processing systems.
authorized
travel insurance agency:
your
travel agency will be authorized to sell travel insurance to your clients and
earn huge commissions.

build
and earn true revenue credit and recognition credit:
one
of the most important ingredients in owning a travel agency and home based
travel agent business.

own
a virtual home based travel agent training school and travel counselor
certification program:
several
levels of certification to insure your student's greatest success. they
will receive diplomas, certificates and educational credits plus qualify for
official travel agent identification cards, bonuses, prizes, familiarization
trips, exclusive discounts, promotions and insider newsletters. offer your
student a generous commission split incentive while they learn and earn. start a
travel agent e-learning center in your community and help your neighbors earn
extra income.

  



co-op
advertising funds:
many
cruise lines, hotels, car rental companies, airline consolidators and vacation
tour operators have established advertising programs to help promote your travel
agent business to the public. you will receive money directly from the travel
companies to advertise your travel agent business in your community, town, city,
state or country.

exclusive
familiarization travel benefits:
with
more chances to travel at reduced rates and free trips, you, your family and
staff members can learn and experience more about the travel industry which will
help you close more sales.


travel
dealership, travel broker, sporting and events broker:
we
are the only franchise company to offer a wide range of products and services.
each travel company has established a specific program to help your agency and
home based travel agent business to earn more commissions. commission override
programs are based on dollar sales volume or passenger volume or a combination.
the more business that you give a specific travel company, the greater the
rewards.




exclusive
marketing data:
you
will receive electronic news, significant information and knowledge that will
help you sell more travel services.

exclusive
use of seals and logos:
official
and authorized logos will be used on all your advertising and promotional
materials asserting your status as a certified, accredited, authorized and
official travel agency and home based travel agent business.


exclusive
district sales manager, executive business development team and reservation
system support staff:
experienced
individuals will be assigned and made available to help grow and expand your
travel agent business.

exclusive
commission override programs:
incentive
programs that can be utilized to earn higher profits immediately.

revenue
boosting high quality brochures and collateral sales material:
beautiful
and expensive sales and marketing material including e-brochures and e-postcards
at no cost to attract loyal clients.

official
travel agent identification card: recognized
by all the major cruise lines, hotels, resorts, worldwide attraction centers,
car rentals, airline consolidators and vacation tour operators.
exclusive
authorized agent program representing:
adventure
adventure soft archaeology
art/museums ballooning
barging bicycling
camping
castles/chateaux culinary/cooking
eco tours fall foliage
family fishing
gaming
gay/lesbian genealogy golf
gourmet/wine handicapped
hiking history
honeymoon/romance
horseback riding horticulture/botany
hunting kosher
mountain
climbing national parks performing
arts (music, theatre, dance) photography
pilgrimage
rail religious/holy
land river rafting safari
sailing/yachting scuba/dive
senior
citizens shopping singles
skiing spa/health
resort special event sporting
events
student
tennis wildlife
franchise
fee includes
sabre pseudo city code, technology programs, complete self paced online training,
amadeus & sabre global reservation system:
sabre cruises, sabre vacations, amadeus cruises, amadeus tours, amadeus rail,
amadeus airline consolidator shopper and vax vacation access reservation system.
sabre pseudo city
code: with authorized
security access codes and user passwords. sabre travel network connects buyers
and sellers through the world’s largest global distribution system, providing
travel agents from home or office with instant access to content from airlines,
hotels, car rental companies, cruise lines and more.

international
host agency program:
we
will help you establish an effective local, national and international sales
team to expand your travel agent business. you can assemble a sales force of
independent travel consultants throughout the world that will bring you
unlimited
business and you pay them strictly on a commission basis only. you reward your
sales agents with considerable commissions, familiarization trips, reduced
travel agent rates, name brand merchandise, gift cards from leading retailers
and free trips for their efforts. we have 150 franchisees representing 50,000
travel consultants throughout the world. many
franchisees make enough money supervising their sales force without selling any
travel to the public.

become
the leader, not the follower

site map


franchise
    program

franchise
    facts

global
    reservation system

training
    program

airline
    commission

cruise
    commission

hotel
    commission

car
    rental commission

tour
    operator commission

website
programs

national
  convention

references

buyer
  beware

independent
  travel agent program

franchise
disclosure document





career
opportunity



corporate
& business accounts



sabre
cruise system



free
travel club membership




travel lines
express 9858 glades road #208 boca raton fl 33434 (561) 482 9557
travel
lines express is a registered franchise company
florida department of consumer services
advertising identification # bf46151
travel
lines express is regulated by the federal trade commission
600 pennsylvania avenue washington dc 20580
 
 
 



