ï»¿





fly fishing key west: fishing charters for bonefish,tarpon,permit















fly fishing key west 
for tarpon, permit, and bonefish




                            navigation 



home
about

fish 

bonefish
permit
tarpon
critters


faq
blog
contact











fly fishing key west for giant tarpon...
fly fishing key west for permit...
fly fishing key west for redfish...
fly fishing key west for bonefish...
fly fishing key west for baby tarpon...










welcome to fly fishing key west
with capt. greg rahe, fff certified fly casting instructor. the lower florida keys, can at times, offer some of the finest saltwater fly fishing to be had in the u.s. the warm, crystal clear waters make for exciting sight fishing. coupled with  mangrove waterways and the  amount of wildlife: you have the potential of fishing heaven.
access, to the last of the pristine fishing grounds, is difficult, dangerous, and only accessible by people intimately familiar with the region and equipped with a shallow draft skiff. you need an experienced guide to reach the last untouched and unfished areas, for those anglers seeking the grand slam species. 





bonefish

the best  fly fishing for bonefish occurs from late may to late october, with the best months being june, july, august, and september. we see, stalk, and hook bonefish in excess of six pounds on a near daily basis... 
read more »


tarpon

beginning in mid-january and lasting into early july, hundreds of thousands of migratory tarpon pour into the local waters to feed and rest, following shallow water routes that they have used for thousands of years. 

read more »


permit

the best permit fishing in key west and the lower florida keys has two distinct seasons.
the first starts in late january and peaks in early april, whilst the permit scour the flats, looking to fatten up for their spring offshore spawn.read more »


critters

the old saying, "there are other fish in the sea,"  holds especially true in key west. you should be rigged and ready for a multitude of species.read more »













about ffkw
founded in 1992 by capt. greg rahe, and dedicated to the sport of fly fishing on the saltwater flats of key west, florida and the lower florida keys

faq



recent blog posts

ascension bay mexico fly fishing
2 hours ago


yucatan mexico fly fishing lodges
5 hours ago


tulum mexico fly fishing
5 hours ago


ascension bay lodge fly fishing
1 hours ago


campeche tarpon fly fishing lodge
2 hours ago




 


get in touch



phone:

                        (123) 456 7890                                                                      
                    


email:

info@flyfishingkeywest.com



address:

                        dockside
                        key west, florida
                        country
                    







                        copyright â© 1999-2020 fly fishing key west llc. all rights reserved.
                    

â 
â 

























