



carolina mountain properties & rentals | ashe county homes & land















































 




info@carolinamtn.com800-628-2663owner log inmenuhomefeatured listingshomescondos & townhomeslandcommercialsearch allwhy buy here?search listingshomescondos & townhomeslandcommercialsearch allpopular locationsblowing rockboonecrestoncrumplerdeep gapfleetwoodglendale springslansingspartatoddwest jeffersonvacation rentalssearch vacation rentalslong term rentalscontact
discover the best homes & land available in the north carolina mountains


  loading...   


search listings
featured listingssearch all listingslong term rentalsvacation rentalslocally owned. est 1996.our locally owned company was established in 1996 and offers our clients the knowledge, expertise, and professional services that make your real estate transactions a success.
buyers have worked with our agents for close to three decades because we listen to you and match your needs to the best properties at the best price.
property owners sell their carolina mountain real estate through us because we know the real estate market and bring customers that are ready to buy.
located in northwestern north carolina, in downtown west jefferson, nc we offer ashe county nc real estate and proudly call the blue ridge mountains of nc home. whether a buyer is looking for a mountain view, riverfront, river views or other type setting, and whether it be a permanent residence, retirement home, second home, vacation rental property, or investment property, our team of real estate realtors  are ready to assist you in finding the perfect nc mountain home, nc mountain cabin, or nc mountain land available for sale in west jefferson, nc, jefferson, nc, todd, nc, boone, nc, wilkesboro, nc, banner elk, nc or blowing rock, nc.
featured listingssearch



how to find us
8 n. jefferson ave.
po box 1518
west jefferson, nc 28694
get in touch
800-628-2663
336-246-3010
info@carolinamtn.com
© 2013-2020 carolina mountain properties & rentals, inc. all rights reserved.
web design by appnet.com | sitemap


 menu







