





















home builders in millsboro & seaford, de | accessible home builders



















































 

















skip navigation














metropolitan magazine's best of 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, & 2024 (5 years in a row!):  southern delaware's best home remodeling




302‐663‐0464




home
about us

history & team
why accessible?
in the community
reviews
faq’s: home improvements
faq’s: new homes
watch our video


home design

home design services

dream home collection
choice home collection
easy living series
comfortable living series
donald a. gardner architects, inc.
alan mascord design associates, inc.


built to order
recent projects

custom design — 1,979 s.f. — milton
foster design — 1,640 s.f. — georgetown
diamond design — 2,637 s.f. — ocean view
custom home — 1,787 s.f.  dagsboro
custom design — 2,391 s.f. — dagsboro
custom design — 1,405 with basement — lewes
custom design – 1,990 s.f. – dagsboro
custom design 2157 sf – one story oceanview
glendale two story – laurel, de
custom design 2,340 sf – two story – ocean view
custom design — 2 story 2,795 s.f.  ocean view
bristol model — 1,506 sf ocean view
custom design:  3 story plus porches 3,998 sf  ocean view




remodeling services

kitchen remodeling
bath remodeling
interior remodeling
exterior remodeling
sunroom additions
three season rooms
screened porches
decks
garage additions
in-law suites
condo remodeling


blog
connect
 





quality is standard 
home designs
home remodeling
about us








the quality you deserve.
the experience you can trust.
for the past 28 years, accessible home builders has built a reputation for producing high quality custom homes and home remodeling projects that will span the test of time. we pride ourselves on providing each client with the same high level of quality craftsmanship, on-time delivery and personable two-way communication needed for an easy partnership on the path to owning the home of your dreams.
learn more




  










our three-tiered approach to home building



energy efficient





customer satisfaction





quality







featured project



the thompson
the thompson is one of the home plan design options offered in the dream home collection. each home plan is customized with a variety of upgrades and unique design features that makes each home exceptional.  look over the dream home collection if your wish list includes granite counter tops, 9’ ceilings, wood or vinyl plank flooring or cathedral and coffered ceilings.
learn more







compliments from our satisfied clients




they did a magnificent job! very careful, responsible and knowledgeable. they were efficient and knew exactly what they were doing. i had some tricky repairs to be done; and they did them with no problems. i would hire them again for any project in my home!

sharon k. - lewes, de




very friendly, efficient and amenable group of people. easy to work with and open to suggestion, while offering their own expertise. rodney is a terrific person to work with. highly recommend this company.

 richard r. - bridgeville, de




very professional, totally. listens, communicates and gives you exactly what he promises. his extremely professional carpenters are hard working and it's obvious they have the utmost respect for their boss. without question, i would hire them again.

rick s. - ocean view, de




rodney and his crew were very professional and addressed any concerns we had in a timely manner. my husband and i are new to the delaware area but were very pleased with the work done on our sunroom. we are enjoying it so much and would surely use accessible home builders again.

phyllis s. - camden wyoming, de




we were very pleased with the work done by accessible builders. thanks to rodney's expertise, we have a product that is even better than expected. the work was done in a timely fashion and everyone was great to work with.

chuck n. - ocean view, de























28412 dupont blvd. #103millsboro, de 19966
302‐663‐0464


































home
about us
home design
remodeling services
blog
connect
site map
























 


© 2025 accessible home builders 
all rights reserved
login
website design & marketing provided by adventure web interactive





















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

