



paris apartments: apartments in paris for short stay or long term rentals. paris apartment for rent























welcome to our selection of apartments in paris !



 owner area							


 submit your property 
 manage your property 





						english							



			english


			french



 my wishlist







    







 holiday apartment paris
			


long term rental
short term rental paris




sale apartment paris


 you are the owner
			


choose the furnished rental

our management mandates


all our apartments in paris
















previous



next



				authentic apartments in the heart of paris			














1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10+



   search







rent an apartment in paris with paristay
paristay provides a selection of the finest paris apartment rentals. enter your dates and select only available apartments.choose from our wide catalogue of furnished apartments the appropriate apartment to spend a comfortable stay in paris. choose your apartment in paris from studio to family apartments, from short stay to long term rentals, from affordable to luxury apartments. you can use our search and sort tools to find your good  parisian home. whether you’re looking for short term or long term rental, please fill in the request form and receive the opportune assistance from our team of parisian experts. 










our selection of our favorite paris long term apartments :






apartment rentals  1 bedroom paris

 


royer collard parisian
€ 1750/month



coming soon










apartment rentals  1 bedroom paris

 


pantheon saint jacques one bedroom
€ 1713/month



coming soon









apartment rentals  studio paris

 


vieille du temple cosy
€ 960/month



coming soon




latest paris apartments for long term rental :










apartments for rent   studio paris

 


montmartre cinema studio
€ 1090/month













apartments for rent   studio paris

 


square violet studio
€ 759/month













apartments for rent   2 bedrooms paris

 


rambuteau 2 bedroom
€ 2424/month



favorite




our best paris vacation apartments rentals :









apartment rental  2 bedrooms paris

 


saint germain beauvoir chicsuites
€ 2165/week















apartment rental  1 bedroom paris

 


louvre opera design chicsuites
€ 1330/week












apartment rental  1 bedroom paris

 


apartment louvre pyramide
€ 1752/week



special offer 




our best paris vacation apartments rentals :











furnished apartments  2 bedrooms paris

 


saint germain elegant chicsuites
€ 2240/week



favorite









furnished apartments  2 bedrooms paris

 


paul cézanne chicsuites
€ 2165/week












furnished apartments  1 bedroom paris

 


louvre elegant chicsuites
€ 1400/week



favorite









why book with paristay ?




finest rentals in paris france
specialised in short & long rentings in parisfrom studios to 4 bedrooms +350.000 answered requests





3000 apartments
visited, photographed, validated,carefully selected and upgradedknown owners





advice and secured process
help you choosing your flatfast booking, secured paymentspeace of mind





together in paris
we are based next to louvre museummost apartments are close to the agency500.000 customers over the world, thanks









select your apartment rentals in paris from the catalog:
			- you have a choice of paris holiday apartments or paris vacation apartments (for weekly rental, up to 3 weeks), a short term rentals paris, (for 3 weeks to 3 months), or a long stay rentals, (for more than 3 months).- you can choose from: a furnished studio, a one bedroom, two bedroom, or three bedroom +, as well as some unfurnished apartments in paris. where to stay in paris ?
				- on the left bank of the river seine, you can select from various paris lettings centered around historic monuments and landmarks such as saint germain des prés near the latin quarter. you can also choose from apartments located near luxembourg garden(the gardens are in the same neighbourhood) or montparnasse, right next to the tallest building in paris, montparnasse tower. there are also the two islands located in the heart of paris: ile st. louis or ile de la cite with notre dame de paris.  - on the right bank, you will be near what is considered "old paris" in districts such as le marais, le louvre, le palais royal, place des vosges, bastille and the famous rue montorgueil. beaubourg and opera, great for shopping, are right in the same neighbourhood offering a lively but classy ambiance. how about the arc de triomphe overlooking the champs-elysees, the most famous avenue in the world dominating the most prominent square in paris, the tour eiffel, and charles de gaulle etoile? you can even rent a flat in paris up north near charming belle france montmartre. finally, you have rentals near madeleine-concorde in close proximity to the famed church (madeleine church) and square (place de la concorde) where napoleon left his mark. - you will find more paris areas and metro stations on these pages. you can find housing in paris for every budget and taste. everyone should experience renting an apartment in paris at leastonce in their lifetime. find yours today ! 
				- if you are unsure of the type of paris apartment for rent you would like, and even more uncertain of whitch area, try searching by district, or arrondissement: in the 1st arrondissement, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, and 18th. - you can also sort our paris accommodation apartments by target group: paristay caters for individuals looking for basic affordable student apartments to high end paris corporate rentals. the range of apartments we offer varies greatly from excellent paris family apartments to perfect paris luxury apartments. 



what our guests experienced

 
 



just on one word ...... fantastic ..... best place to go for staying a few days in paris, perfect balance price and quality .... frederic was always available by phone in case of any need of info, apartment in great condition, no noise from other apartments or from the street, close to the metro, there is everything you could need (salad dressing, coffee pods, dishwasher detergent....) ...... great again, hope to come back in the future to enjoy it and see paris again!  



 



this apartment offers two really exceptional qualities. foremost is the view across to notre dame cathedral and the eiffel tower beyond.each evening of our stay we sat in the apartment lounge with the windows opened to enjoy the stunning light show of the eiffel tower, while listening to the saxaphone player on the bridge nearby. the other great advantage is the paris vacation apartment's central paris location enabling us to acess most of paris by foot. the local neighbourhood offers plenty of...  


 
 



this was the first time to use paristay and renting an apartment in paris. it was a bit nerve wracking at first but working together with my agent yukie made the whole process pretty simple. since this was my first time renting an apartment, here are a few notes to help you in your decision. steps to getting a paris holiday apartments after finding the apartment that you want to rent, you need to read and...  



 



great location and cute, clean and elegant little apartment. we managed to squeeze our family of six inside although it was pretty tight! easy to manage and amazing location.  





please check out our paristay reviews page for more information from our guests !!








request a furnished apartment in paris

 send request 








about paristay

						paristay is a real estate company that helps english speaking people to find the finest central paris apartments rentals. on these pages you can find a large choice of furnished apartments for vacation, short stay or long term rentals, with full description (location map, metro map, appliances & equipment list, up to 30 pictures, price simulator, ratings by tenants and guest book).
important: in paris, only registered apartments can be rented for short stays. please enter your arrival and departure date to choose your favourites amongst available apartments, and fill in the request form. paristay team will help you to manage your renting.					

address

sarl loca investissement

39 rue montgrand
marseille,
                            france
13006 

                        phone: + 33 (0)1 42 96 87 65
 

more
contactf.a.q short term rentals
f.a.q long term rentalslegal information
commission rates paris apartment livingrecrutement - job
site feedbackparis apartments for sale
rental management 

recieve our newsletter




submit















© 2002 - 2025 paristay all rights reserved








×close
owner area




email address



password




 remember me
							


 sign in




					are you looking to rent out your apartment?  rent out your apartment







 my wishlist (0)






my wishlist

add your favorites






 send request					








facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube




instagram





paristay blog














