

































triumph owners' motor cycle club










join/renew




the club 




membership info




merchandise to buy




local branches




monthly magazine




machine dating & archives




sections




about the club






events 




trifest news




whats on




ride outs




landmark challenge






triumph 




members' forum




model profiles




picture gallery




small ads




frame numbers




factory record search




triumph oracle






more 





contact us




sign in





 






triumph owners' motor cycle club


























join us ...and be part of the largest community of triumph owners





latest news on trifestcome along to an event and be part of the fun





our branchesget along to a branch night and meet fellow triumph owners





be the best dressed triumph ownerclub merchandise available in our online store









read more...

the latest from tomcc merchandise
lots of great news from redline clothing! for february we’re offering a 10% discount on all* tomcc clothing & headwear. just type feb2510 at checkout to claim your savings. and..we’ve just introduced 2 new designs onto the website. just click on the link to order your merchandise ready for spring.
tomcc merchandise
   




 


landmark challenge 2025 clues and 2024 results
the new clues for the 2025 landmark challenge are now available for you puzzle over. solve the clues to reveal location of landmark. visit site and take photo of bike at the landmark. send completed entry in and get an award. the results for 2024 have also been announced - awards given out at the agm.
the clues
   





see the tomcc at the london motorcycle show
from the 14th until the 16th of february 2025, the tomcc will be exhibiting at the devitt insurance mcn london motorcycle show taking place at the london excel exhibition centre, celebrating 70 years of mcn. currently tickets are only £26.50 each so why not come along and don't forget to say hi!
website
tickets
   





st audries is back 9-12th may
we are pleased to announce that tomcc trifest somerset is returning to st. audries holiday park in 2025. the original venue we've had so much fun at before. st. audries holiday park is on the north somerset coast not too far from the m5. if you've not been to a trifest before, don't be shy, we'd love to see you.
trifest somerset
   


  


merry christmas and a happy new year
from all of us at the tomcc. it has been another good year with our branches meeting up regularly around the world and our new youtube channel. if you've never been to your branch, or to a trifest event, then why not set yourself a new years resolution to visit next year. we'd love to see you.
join us
tomcc t-shirts
youtube channel
   





membership price increase
from the 1st january 2025 (gmt), membership prices will be increasing as voted for at the 2024 agm. if you want to join or renew at the current price then don't leave it too late (don't worry, if you renew early we'll still add 12 months to your membership). full membership will be £25 (uk) and £33 (overseas).
join/renew
   





tomcc to publish 1960s films
coming on 1st december to the tomcc youtube channel. we will begin posting films recorded by the club's dedicated film unit back in the 1960s. these films will show just how much our bikes, events, and attitudes have changed. subscribe to our channel so you don't miss these films as they are posted.
tomcc channel
   



older news >









official merchandise store





watoc





footman james





rh specialist insurance





triumph oracle 3





peter james insurance





bikesure/triumph insurance














site links

join/renew
contact us
trifest
merchandise
membership
about us
dating service
nacelle
branches






social media

facebook

forum
discussion group
instagram,






resources

club rules
club handbook
membership form









copyright © 1997-2025 triumph owners' motor cycle club.
terms and conditions
built and hosted by wyrm software









