






todd gross, meteorologist, astronomy nut & video marketer! | todd gross' adventures with weather & business











































































todd holding chunk of iceberg in alaskabackground: alaska sunset by todd gross



meteorologist, astronomy nut & video marketer!

todd gross














todd gross, 3 time emmy award winning meteorologist

todd’s first love is actually astronomy! he’s had his head in the stars since he was a toddler. he taught others about the heavenly bodies when he was 5! now he’s teaching people on tiktok about the skies above us and garnered over 30 million views about the solar eclipse that occured on april 8, 2024!
as a meteorologist in boston, new york, and utah and on nbc and cnbc, he had a very loyal fan base with people saying that todd was “my weatherman”.
todd’s story about his encounters and observations of the halloween storm of 1991 was the reason that the author of “the perfect storm” chose to depict todd as one of the key characters in the movie.

follow todd on tiktok







todd’s professional broadcast training led him online

todd’s professional voice training along with his experience in front of the camera using green screen, allowed him to bring his talents online and share them with others.







todd brought green screen online so business owners could use it to boost their sales

todd even developed what we know today as squeeze video pages! business owners quickly snatched up this idea for gaining more customers and loved how they were able to consistently build their online businesses.
todd, aka your green screen guy, created training on using green screen at home for your own videos. see how easy it is for you to use. signup for our exclusive free training now!

get todd's free green screen training















todd also shares his talents as an on camera & voice over spokesperson and speaks at various events

many people say that todd presents so clearly that his is some of the best training that they have ever received.
he’s been called “the voice of video” because his mellow tones and trust-creating style have made him the #1 spokesperson in internet marketing.
he has created over 100 highly sought-after products himself or by partnering with esteemed entrepreneurs to bring their products to market, resulting in over $50,000,000 in sales.

learn more about todd here

hear samples of todd's voice overs here








50 million views on tiktok and growing!!






todd created a new tiktok account and went from zero followers to over 30 million views and 121,000 followers in 45 days!















todd has been seen on:
















 @thetoddgross why is the national guard being called out for the total eclipse? #solar #eclipse #weather #totaleclipse #texas #nationalguard ♬ original sound - toddgross  



 @thetoddgross the right way to view total eclipses #solar #eclipse #totalsolareclipse ♬ original sound - toddgross  



 @toddstips chatgpt plus is here #chatgpt #ai #affiliatemarketing ♬ motivational - martin e. insaurgarat  







signup to learn todd's strategy
see how todd got paid $7,533.97 & got 30m views from scratch just by making vertical videos





success!



name



email





get your free info now
















about todd gross

todd gross is a creator & netpreneur who shares his knowledge of video & other products to assist others in building an online business or those who want to help local businesses build an online presence.



quick links

contact us

privacy policy

terms of use



followfollowfollowfollow








copyright © 2025 todd gross inc. – all rights reserved

site created by feel good designs



 






























