


tekko | the region's premier anime convention


  register now   jul 18 - 21 2024 menu schedule and map register now book a hotel show-your-badge discounts! guests news events featured events flea market panels & workshops cosplay & performance photography gaming music dance stage uzume fashion escape room formal ball scale model competition the ribbon game! exhibitors exhibition hall vendors artist alley visiting partners get involved become a sponsor become a volunteer become an ambassador about about us our mascot website media & press hours of operation rules  tekko 2024 the region’s premier anime convention gaming • music • fashion • japanese pop culture  come join us! register the early bird gets the worm, register now!book a hotel plan your weekend, be prepared.explore tekko tekko has a little something for everyone. tekko wants you! as our attendance climbs in numbers, so must our resources.  in order to keep making tekko the awesome place we pride ourselves on, we are asking you for help.     apply to become a volunteer today!recent updates like us on facebook and follow our other social media accounts so you can stay up-to-date on the latest and greatest tekko and pittjcs news!    tell us what you think of the new website!  click the buttons at the bottom of the page to send us your thoughts.         note:    if you use microsoft edge, things may run slowly, and look a little less cool, but only for the next few months.  they are undergoing a big transition that will make all the features we love in google chrome available to edge too.  until then, you can still access all of the same content with edge, but for best results we recommend you view our website on chrome.     follow us on social media!  our sponsors & partners:  david l. lawrence convention center, pittsburgh, pa july 18, 2024
    —
    july 21, 2024  
    we hope you love the website!  we worked very hard to build it from scratch, and tried our very best to keep issues to a minimum.  we are excited and nervous about the launch, so just to make sure we get everything right, we're asking for your honest feedback!  whether you have comments or suggestions, or you find a bug we should fix, let us know!

    you can track the progress of any open issues and feedback on our website page.
   give us feedback about the website report an issue you found on the website ×  ×  
          register
      
          contact us
      
          about
       © pittsburgh japanese culture society, 2024


