  johnnie moore | lively teambuilding, awaydays, facilitation          
   skip to contentjohnnie moorehomework with meleadershipteam buildingbooksvideosblogcontact
homework with meleadershipteam buildingbooksvideosblogcontactworking better togetheri facilitate and coach people to overcome stuckness and work more creatively. i like to take on difficult challenges, where we need to take new risks to make breakthroughs.
i’ve been doing this for quite a long time with all sorts of people.i’ve worked across uk. europe, africa, asia, australasia and north america





















working organicallyi like to work organically, often in quite small steps. i find a lot of organisations get stuck because they miss out on the small, human details that can make all the difference.by rushing less, and building trust more carefully, i believe we get much better results.


stories and insights
some reflections on working with groups – you can see the full series of these short videos here.

emotional debt & the law of rutshow small misunderstandings accumulate to derail teams
a story about storytellingstories can create powerful connections… but we should be wary of using them as tools
knowledge overwhelmyour knowledge can cast a shadow – make sure you make an emotional connection
about me….i’m the author of the book unhurried at work and a co-founder of creative facilitation. i’m a visiting tutor on the oxford strategic leadership programme at the saïd business school. i’m an occasional contributor to fast company magazine. my first job was as a speechwriter to lord sainsbury, after which i worked in advertising for 15 years. since then, i’ve worked as a facilitator, based in the uk but often working internationally.

some of my projects
unhurriedmore human ways of working together


visit

event facilitationcreative events and meetings


visit

difficult conversationsmore creative ways to approach them


visit

the naked facilitatorbring more artistry to online meetings


visit

facilitation trainingin-person training in cambridge (and melbourne)


visit

more creative rehearsalupping creativity in organisations


visit

i also run a (free) monthly unhurried conversation online, details/registration here.

my books
creative facilitationwritten with viv mcwaters, 70 pages of inspiration for creative and surprising meetings.


details on amazon

unhurriedtells the story of my journey towards a more unhurried way of working, drawing on eight years of conversational experiments, and over 20 years facilitating meetings around the world.


details on amazon

contact me..call me on 07973 414263, email me or use the form below




name							


email							


number							


message							



send

popular categories
videos

collaboration

facilitation

branding

miscellaneous (everything is)
popular categories
authenticity

podcasts

blogs & networks

market research

my news
contact

 
+44 7973 414263


 
email me


 
linkedin
abouti help teams work together better. my work ranges from leadership development to team building and event facilitationjohnnie moore© 2025 johnnie moore | privacy | hosted by wingnutthis website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept reject read moreprivacy & cookies policy


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.
save & accept
      

