





celebrity dairy | bed and breakfast inn | working goat dairy farm













































































skip to content
skip to content 





 
144 celebrity dairy way
	siler city, nc 27344
(919) 742-5176
award-winning goat cheeseand famous hospitality 





0 

menu 
the inn
events
dairy farm
our cheeses
blog
contact us

0
 








welcome to celebrity dairy – a 300-acre farm in rural chatham county nc


the inn



events & weddings



dairy farm



our cheeses



upcoming events



shop online



reservations



contact us




celebrity dairy welcomes you to the peace and comfort of an old home-place, and the purposeful life of a 300 acre working dairy in rural chatham county. a community gathering place for over a century, celebrity dairy now extends its warm welcome and informal comfort to guests year-round.
share our homemade pleasures: a book or game from the library, watching free range chickens scratching in the yard, or deer grazing at dusk. wake refreshed to join the farm crew for a breakfast of (naturally) chèvre accompanying omelets or home-baked pastry, and seasonal fruits and preserves from our neighbor’s gardens.
just a few steps from the inn you’ll find the “goat hilton” – home to the celebrity goat dairy herd of 100 alpine and saanen goats. here is the heart of our low impact, sustainable agriculture farm – scene of spring kidding, twice daily milking, and the production of award-winning farmstead goat cheese, and delicious goat’s milk gelato.  cud-zu goat’s milk soap has found a new home here as well.
join us for a quiet evening, a gourmet sunday dinner, or let us host your meeting, retreat, or family celebration.













pages

blog
booking
booking form
booking received
cart
checkout
contact celebrity dairy – siler city nc
getting to celebrity dairy
my account
our goat dairy farm in rural chatham county nc

farm history
farm links
open barns! – tour the goat farm at celebrity dairy


products
reservations test
the inn at celebrity dairy – bed and breakfast in chatham county, north carolina

area attractions
breakfast on the farm  – the inn at celebrity dairy
guest rooms  – the inn at celebrity dairy
log cabin
the atrium
your hosts – the inn at celebrity dairy


the inn at celebrity dairy hosts events and meetings

business retreats – the inn at celebrity dairy
luncheons
sunday dinners
upcoming events

celebrity dairy cheeses

making celebrity dairy goat cheese
the cheese owners manual
where to buy celebrity dairy goat cheese




weddings at celebrity dairy


welcome to celebrity dairy
shop

 

socialfacebookinstagrampinteresttwitterwe are grateful for the support from the nc tobacco trust fund commission that helped make this website possible.
 

the inn on instagram 
this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
error: no feed found.
please go to the instagram feed settings page to create a feed.

 

hours and info
144 celebrity dairy way
siler city, nc 27344
(919) 742-5176


open barns, three times a year
third sunday dinners, monthly
bed & breakfast, year round

 






					© 2025 celebrity dairy.  all rights reserved.				





 



















