

living air classic





















    
	living air classic
	
  
the living air classic is a little larger than a shoe box. get a living air classic from ecoquest international today!






wednesday, february 24, 2010
 

ecoquest living air classic becomes classic air by vollara

the living air classic air purifier by ecoquest international now has a new name. it is called the classic air and is manufactured by a company called vollara. now vollara is the new ecoquest since ecoquest has been purchased by aerus holding llc out of dallas texas. this new company still sells most of the ecoquest line of air purification systems although they have been renamed somewhat.the living air classic or classic air will clean the air in your home up to 3,000 sq ft and make your house smell like it does after an thunderstorm. remember how that smells? i used to stand at my front door when i was a kid in arizona and smell the air coming through the screen door and loved that smell. it is a mixture of added ozone and ionized air and it smells great. it was nature's way of cleaning the air.this is somewhat the kind of technology that is found in the living air classic and this machine has been around for nearly 20 years. when the company was first founded by bill converse back in minnesota he made a living air classic type of machine and i'm not sure exactly when the unit was first manufactured in its present form and given the classic name.whatever the history of this air purifier it will clean the air like you want it to be cleaned and get rid of odors, germs and smoke and give you a much more pleasant environment inside your home.this unit is easy to maintain and only requires a minimal cleaning every month or so. there are never any filters to replace and it will give you years and years of clean fresh air in your home.you can get these air purifier from vollara dealers and can still probably get some of them on ebay. if you do buy them from ebay there is a good chance that the warranty will not be valid, so be careful about that.contact a vollara dealer in your town or visit vollara.com to have someone in your area contact you. you can then try out one of these air purifiers in your home to see if it's what you need before you buy it. the unit retails for $599 and you may be able to work a deal with some dealers in your area if you ask.
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 8:45 am 0 comments
 

wednesday, january 10, 2007
 

ecoquest windtree might see new life

ecoquest has just announced they will be uncovering a super secret project in the works on january 28-30 at their next success institute.the ecoquest blog has text from an email sent out by company president mike jackson the suggests the windtree wind energy system is due to be released soon or go into production.stay tuned for more.tags: ecoquest, windtree, mike jackson, windmill, wind energy, success institute
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 2:26 pm 0 comments
 

monday, january 01, 2007
 

dump the ecoquest living air classic for a fresh air purifier

if you've been thinking about getting an air purifier or have a living air classic and want to upgrade, then now is the time to do it. the living air classic was a great air purifier made by ecoquest international for many years, but it has seen better days. with more advanced technology the fresh air by ecoquest is the way to go.check out these great deals on the ecoquest fresh air purifier. get one now!tags: living air classic, ecoquest international, fresh air, air purifier
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 11:47 am 0 comments
 

saturday, october 28, 2006
 

living air classic oak color temporarily unavailable

i'm starting to believe that the living air classic from ecoquest is slowly being phased out. most recently the classic in the most popular oak color will be unavailable until further notice. this seems strange due to the fact that the classic by ecoquest has only a veneer of color over particleboard. this stuff is easy to make.if you want a licing air classic you can still get one on ebay. check out the ecoquest living air classic auctions here.
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 4:55 pm 0 comments
 

monday, september 18, 2006
 

more about the living air classic by ecoquest

the living air classic air purification system is perfect for indoor areas up to 3,000 square feet*. the classic features a powerful 400 cfm fan that is extremely quiet yet provides highly effective air circulation. ideal for the average home, the classic has performance capabilities to handle both large and small areas.
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 6:53 am 0 comments
 

 

living air classic by ecoquest

one of ecoquest international's  most powerful residential systems, the living air classic will quietly and efficiently cleanse the air. simply set the controls and let the classic do its work. day after day you will enjoy the cleaning power available only from living air.
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 6:47 am 0 comments
 

monday, july 24, 2006
 

my living air classic needs a part - who can i call?

if you have a living air classic or living air purifier and you need a part such as a lint screen or purification plate the best thing to do is to call your dealer and deal with them directly.if you can't locate your dealer you can call ecoquest customer service at: 1-800.989.2299 and they willbe able to help you.the living air classic air purification system is the perfect system for you and it cleans the air in your home for areas up to 3,000 square feet. the living air purifier features a powerful 400 cfm fan that is extremely quiet yet provides highly effective air circulation. ideal for the average home, the living air classic has performance capabilities to handle both large and small areas.if you need an air filter the living air classic from ecoquest international is perfect for you.
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 11:39 am 0 comments
 

 

living air classic extra filter

your living air classic from ecoquest international comes with an extra filter for hepa-like filtration.this extra filter is call the ecohelp filter and when it is installed on the living air purifier it will remove lots of dust and pollen quickly allowing the user the benefit of clean air much quicker than without the filter.the ecohelp filter can help you get faster results with your living air purifier while allowing the ecotech air purification process to do its progressive work.ask your ecoquest dealer for more detail on receiving this extra filter with the purchase or your air purifier. some unscrupulous dealers might try to charge you extra for the ecohelp filter that comes with the unit, but don't be fooled. tell those guys you heard it here first.but don't get too high and mighty because the fresh air does not come with this extra filter. that's right, you have to pay for it.
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 11:35 am 0 comments
 

 

living air classic air purifiers from ecoquest

if you've ever thought about getting an air purifier you should think about getting a living air purifier from ecoquest international.the living air purifier has been one of the most popular air purification systems available in the last 20 years.the living air classic is just one of the many different kinds of air purifiers offered by ecoquest international.the classic was replaced by the fresh air by ecoquest almost three ago and is a much more advanced and esthetically pleasing air purifier. ecoquest still sells the classic but frankly why the hell would you get one when you could get a beautiful new fresh air for just a few dollars more.ecoquest also makes a single room air purifier called the fresh air spectrum that cleans the air in a room up to 500 sq ft. this is a nice unit that has no moving parts thus it make no sound.another unit by ecoquest is the fresh air to go that you can take with you just about anywhere or you can put it in your car. it plugs right into your 12 volt outlet.as you can see, besides the living air classic, ecoquest makes an air purifier for nearly any application.
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 11:31 am 0 comments
 

tuesday, may 02, 2006
 

your living air classic can clean more than the air

living air classic by ecoquest internationalif you have a classic you already know the benefit it is to you and how it makes your home smell fresh and clean all day long.but besides the fact that it is one of the top air purifiers on the market today, did you know you can use it to get rid of odors in things like your smelly tennis shoes and fido's doggy smelling blanket?that's right!the next time you need to deodorize those smelly tennis shoes that you or your kids have, all you need to do is take your living air classic and the offensive tennis shoes out to the garage, plug in your air purifier and then set the shoes in front of the unit.turn everything on high and set your shoes on something about 6 to 7 inches high so the shoes will be directly in the airflow of the classic.leave the unit on high for several hours, or overnight if needed, and then you will have fresh, clean smelling shoes. you can do the same with your dog's pillow or blanket or you can even put the living air classic in your car and run it on high for 3 or 4 hours.the living air classic is an all around great air purifier that has many uses. get creative and see what you can come up with.tags: living air purifier, living air classic, ecoquest international
link to this living air purifier post posted by john e. quest @ 2:58 pm 0 comments
 









links

living air classic
ecoquest international

archives

january 2006february 2006march 2006april 2006may 2006july 2006september 2006october 2006january 2007february 2010







