







ace products enterprises ®️









































































































              home
            

our brands


        new dealer sign-up
      

        distribution sign-up
      

        dealer portal
      

            about
          

            oem
          

            news
          







back


              kaces
            

              pig hog cables
            

              reunion blues
            

              strukture
            
















































home
our brands

kaces
pig hog cables
reunion blues
strukture

new dealer sign-updistribution sign-updealer portalaboutoemnews







musical instrument accessory manufacturing & distribution











scroll



































accessories for musical instruments.manufacturing & distributionbags | cases | cables | stands | adapters | connectors | more 



ace products group is your one-stop resource for musical instrument accessories. we specialize in music accessory manufacturing and distribution, delivering the most extensive selection of accessories available. from gig-bags and instrument cases to cables, stands, straps, connectors, adapters and more, the ace mission is to design and offer products of the highest possible quality at the most accessible prices.



























































premium quality.high value.industry expertise.

 

  





















work with uswhether you're new to the music products industry, or been around for 100 years, our mission is to make your business thrive, drive more profit to your bottom line, and deliver the best service in the industry. we know that your business has unique needs, and our team is dedicated to providing personal, customized care that works how you want it to. place and manage your orders online 24/7 with our dealer portal, use our web chat, or have us call on the good old fashioned telephone - whatever you need, we're here to help. ready to get started? click here to become an ace dealer now! 








about



cool stuff we do 1



more stuff we're good at



how we work












ace products group
3920 cypress dr. suite b,
petaluma, ca 94954,
usa
707-765-1500
info@aceproducts.com


hours
mon 9am - 5:30pm
tue 9am - 5:30pm
wed 9am - 5:30pm
thu 9am - 5:30pm
fri 9am - 5:30pm




aboutprivacyterms of usedealer portal logincontact




© 2025 ace products enterprises inc.









