








learn spanish in peru | amauta spanish school in cusco







  





















home|
						blog|
						brochure|		
						enroll|
						prices|
						contact us |						
					

 english 


 																
								deutsch

 
								nederlands

 
								português

 
								spanish

















home

spanish courses

all spanish courses
standard spanish courses


specialized spanish courses



specialized spanish courses
for 55+
medical spanish
spanish and dele
spanish and tefl
spanish immersion
spanish for travellers
spanish for university students
spanish for expats peru


online spanish course
spanish courses & culture
spanish courses & adventure
spanish & excursions
spanish & volunteer
1 day of spanish
spanish for families peru
travelling classroom



accommodations

all accommodations
host families 
student residence
student apartments
accommodation for families
campus sacred valley
campus tambopata



learn spanish in peru

all our destinations
cusco
lima
sacred valley
tambopata rainforest
travelling classroom
partner schools in latin america



volunteer

volunteering in peru
internships in peru
gap year







learn spanish in peru
				spanish immersion courses in cusco			

 


 home 







contact us 
download brochure 

amauta spanish school offers the unique opportunity to study and learn spanish in peru while living the peruvian culture in and outside the classroom! thanks to our amazing spanish teachers & peruvian host families, our interactive lesson material and fun activities, you will live an amazing and fulfilling experience in peru at four destinations in peru: cusco, lima, the sacred valley and the amazon rainforest.





study spanish in cusco


study spanish in cusco and live the adventure of a lifetime, visiting iconic archaeological sites such as machu picchu and immersing yourself in traditional peruvian culture with fellow classmates from all over the world.
our spanish school in peru offers a wide range of spanish courses, so whether you’re looking for a beginner’s course or something more advanced, or have a specific learning goal, we have the right spanish course for you in cusco, peru.

 standard spanish courses from a1 to c2 level
 spanish lessons online
 group or individual lessons
 spanish and volunteer work in cusco
 spanish & adventure, travel or  cultural programs
 gap year


read more now 












accommodation

live with a peruvian host family and enjoy the amazing peruvian meals, or with your fellow classmates in the centrally located student residence.
accommodation 




activities

enjoy learning salsa, crafting peruvian cocktails, preparing peruvian dishes and exploring cusco's hidden corners, with our visits and field trips!
activities 




volunteer work

volunteer in peru! it provides the unique opportunity to practise your spanish while living in peru, gaining experience and giving back to the local community.
volunteer work 







are you looking for a spanish learning adventurewith classes and tours while travelling in peru?

travelling classroom 







spanish school cusco
without a doubt, cusco is a stunning place for a spanish immersion course.
the beautiful city is the archaeological capital of peru, a popular travelers hub and the gateway to world wonder machu picchu.
cusco has it all: breathtaking nature, ancient culture and remarkable inca walls, and colonial architecture. but there are also trendy bars and restaurants, shops, museums,  and plenty of social activities and options to spend your free time.
our experienced teachers make the atmosphere very welcoming. thanks to an inclusive program of cultural activities, it is easy to meet people from all over the world. at our spanish school in cusco, peru you will accelerate your spanish learning and experience living in this iconic place.

read more ...












learn spanish in the rainforest

study spanish in peru at our most ecologically striking destination, deep in the peruvian amazon rainforest. tambopata is one of the most bio-diverse areas on earth. complete program with classes, lodging, tours.
read more ... 




learn spanish in the sacred valley

learning spanish in the sacred valley of the incas nearby cusco is a unique experience. full of inca heritage, picturesque village and amazing nature, the valley has an unparalleled richness of history and culture.
read more ... 




learn spanish in lima

lima, the former city of the kings and the food capital of latin america is located right on the coast. the city has many faces, with colonial architecture, modern buildings, and a bohemian neighborhood.
read more ...







check our most popular spanish courses in peru

spanish group lessons 
individual spanish lessons 
















our blog



7 reasons to learn spanish this year



11 incredible cheap ways to study abroad in peru 





 ask us your question


















please select
google
facebook
instagram
friends





send 











what do our students say?
 i was a student at amauta in march 2020 and it was a great experience. i had just arrived to peru when quarantine was enforced and amauta had to make significant changes to their business. i believe they did a fantastic job in trying to keep our spanish courses and made our stay as comfortable as possible. i would recommend amauta to anyone who is looking for a company that has their students best interest in mind and will do anything to make their stay a great experience! mary kate united states, 2020
more reviews 







why study spanish with amauta?



25 years of experience teaching spanish



weekend trips



27,500 happy students



24/7 support



fun cultural activities



multi-lingual staff



experienced teachers



multiple locations


why amauta? 












amauta spanish school
carmen bajo 224, cuscophone. +51 84 217547emergency: +(51) 992 561831 whatsapp: 316 82193274












about amauta

about us
our method
why amauta?
student reviews
work with us
activities
photo gallery
our newsletter



about peru

about peru
history of peru
peruvian festivals
economy & politics
society & culture
travel tips peru



study spanish online

spanish exercises
spanish vocabulary
spanish verbs
latin culture
peruvian recipes
free e-books



useful links

contact
enroll
prices
special offers
faq’s
brochure
covid-19 in peru






sitemap|
terms|
privacy policy & cookies|
prices|
contact|
partner login|
our partners


all rights reserved - 2025















add chat to your website

 