






travel guide to the mountains

















 menu 

the most comprehensive guide to the mountains...
 
 

home
magazine • road trips
georgia mountains
carolina mountains
tennessee mountains
great mtn destinations
cabins & campgrounds
arts  - entertainment
shopping
great mtn retreats
restaurants & eateries
apple orchards
adventure - recreation
fun things to do
real estate & builders
travel information
featured videos
 
 
free brochures & info











  bill banzhaf, real estate consultant 

 i bring a wealth of knowledge and expertise to help you achieve your real estate goal.  click to learn more...  



 

  byron herbert reece farm

 explore the life of a georgia farmer, poet, and novelist.  



 

  highlander gallery

 select from a large selection of gallery quality giclee prints.  



 

  highlander gallery in the historic brasstown creamery

 featuring local and regional artists from the blue ridge smoky mountains.  





  adventure retreats 

 pick an adventure, we have them all.  



 

  highlander emporium

 great maps of the blue ridge - smoky mountains  








blue ridge - smoky mountains travel guide
quick links to our 
            newsletter sign up     and our event calendar    
if you are planning  a trip to the mountains and need more information use this link to let us know what you need... 



 trip advisor quote..."finest gallery within hundreds of miles"...

highlander gallery march hours...
              friday, & saturday
              11 am to 5 pm
              10079 old highway 64 •  brasstown nc
 



we are in the process of making a lot of changes and upgrades to the highlander, and will be premiering these changes summer 2024, which will be our 28th year anniversary.
in the meanwhile...
we still have a great magazine/travel site with more articles and information on the blue ridge - smoky mountains than you could find anywhere else, use the links above to find what you are looking for.   enjoy and feel free to write to us to let us know what you would like to see in the new and improved highlander.  
use this link to share your ideas of what you would like to see added to the highlander. continue to check out the progress, each week you will see something new...enjoy..
stay safe and enjoy these beautiful, peaceful mountains....


 

one of the special wonders in these mountains is the blue ridge parkway.  the parkway begins or ends on the edge of the shenandoah national park in the blue ridge mountains of virginia the blue ridge parkway travels 469-miles southwestern along the high ridges and over the tall mountain peaks of the blue ridge mountains ending or beginning at the southern gateway to the great smoky mountains national park. 
to get the most out of your scenic road trip the highlander suggest starting out early and begin your journey from the town of cherokee where the blue ridge parkway officially ends at the southern entrance gateway into the great smoky mountain national park.
read more...a day trip on the blue ridge parkway...from cherokee to asheville 

 
take a trip on the cherohala skyway scenic byway and it is mobile ready. the cherohala skyway's 36-miles of scenic mountain views rival any scenic byway in the eastern united states.  mountaintops, waterfalls and waterways joined together with wildlife and giant trees, adorn this high country of eastern tennessee and western north carolina.  i was very impressed with spirit ridge overlook with an elevation of 4,950-feet. this is by far the best handicap access location along the cherohala skyway.
the average trip over the skyway takes 2 1/2-hours, if you just want to drive and view scenery.  i would recommend setting aside the best part of the day to enjoy some of the bigger than life features the cherohala skyway and unicoi mountain wilderness have to offer. 
read more.. a day trip on the cherohala skyway scenic byway 






sign
    up for the blue ridge highlander newsletter, messages from the mountains
    to find out first about our new feature stories, road trips and special offers
your e-mail addresses will not be sold or given away to anyone. 
highlander privacy policy
 
let our visitors tell you about the highlander...


 click the feathers to go to the highlander site
    map...

 
highlander special interests
 great mountain attractions and destinations
blue ridge highlander art gallery - mountain emporium - photo gallery - handmade products -  book store
magazine, virtual tours and scenic road trips    creative mountain classes     just for kids
living green and eco friendly in the mountains     gardening in the mountains      mountain recipes
mountain and native american history     nathanael o. smith - storyteller     mysteries, myths and legends in the mountains
mountain cathedral     charities and fundraisers
great mountain retreats
adventure  •  art  •  cooking  •  corporate  •  family  •  friend  •  yoga  •  wellness  •  youth 
learn more about the towns and cities in  the mountains
north georgia mountains     western north carolina mountains
up country south carolina     tennessee river valley and mountains
great smoky mountains     blue  ridge parkway
move to or invest in the mountains
real estate  •  log homes  •  cabins  •  homes  •  land  •  acreage  •  commercial real estate
north georgia mountain real estate     western north carolina real estate
tennessee river valley and smoky mountain real estate
traveling • living • enjoying the mountains
log cabin rentals  •  campgrounds  •  vacation rentals
north georgia mountain lodging  •  western north carolina lodging  •  tennessee river valley lodging
farmer's markets  •  events and festivals in the mountains
restaurants, dining and catering in the mountains
shopping in the mountains     blue ridge highlander mountain emporium and art gallery
artists, art galleries and art associations in the mountains     museums, history and culture in the mountains
family fun in the mountains     just for kids
adventure and outdoor fun in the mountains
mountain adventure     horseback riding, stables and trails     mountain bike trails
white water rafting and adventure     zipline  •  canopy tours     fishing in the mountains
boating and marinas      camping and rv parks     orv adventures
scenic mountain drives     mountain golf courses     mountain day use and picnic areas
national parks in the mountains     national forest service in the mountains     state parks in the mountains
waterfalls in the mountains     lakes in the mountains     rivers, creeks and trout streams in the mountains 
nature and wildlife in the mountains     mountain birding     hiking trails in the mountains
 more information
home     site map     advertise on the highlander     link to the highlander     contact the publisher
legal     privacy policy     copyright policy
 


site map


designed, produced and hosted by


the blue ridge highlander logo, all photography, design, graphics, artwork, writing, digital images, etc are the  copyright © of c. wayne dukes and sherry bell dukes, 1996 to current day, except where otherwise stated. all rights reserved, reproduction, downloading, and/or duplication of any sort is strictly prohibited, all violations will be prosecuted. legal policy.  if you have any questions, or comments, regarding this site, e-mail the highlander. 




  blueridgehighlander.com ©
  


