



oh the humanity — livejournal






















































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































angoraphobia
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














angoraphobia







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement










angoraphobia


recent entries friends archive profile
add to friends rss

oh the humanity
daily drudgery





hammer's back!angoraphobiaapril 8th, 2009*commercial for local mc hammer concert*q: hammer??? who's going to go see hammer? are you going to go see hammer?m: of course i'm going! i'm going to try and get into his hammer pants!*rim shot*



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag







finally my dreams have come true!angoraphobiajanuary 13th, 2009http://www.amazon.com/dirty-dancing-official-dance-workout/dp/b001gp5tky



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag










at the crossroads...angoraphobiadecember 21st, 2006my buddy chris cline runs three ring records and put together a great compliation cd for an organization called at the crossroads which provides support and counseling for homeless youth in san francisco.  i'm on the fence about homeless youth in the bay area. i know that many are on the streets because of bad home life or honest to goodness lack of a home, hard times, mental illness etc. however, i also feel like some of these scalliwags think its cool to take over sidewalks with their dogs and yell at passersby. but the compilation is great. beautiful tracks by bands like rogue wave, calexico, scrabbel, elephone, and some other great local artists. there are 22 songs on the comp and its $12. i highly recommend it, regardless of your views...it's my cd suggestion of the year! take a look at the track listings: 01 - the scattered                      pages: please please please, let me get what i want                     02 - rogue wave: basketball                     03 - calexico: all the pretty horses                     04 - minmae: holy grails, showstoppers                     05 - frankel: necessary                     06 - the lonelyhearts: overpass                     07 - the ebb and flow: framer framed (winslow turner porter                      iii remix)                     08 - ral partha vogelbacher: silver mines                     09 - two seconds: make a run for it (acoustic version)                     10 - boyskout: jessie james (dj kinz remix)                     11 - rykarda parasol: just like gin                     12 - the harbours: things you don't know                     13 - tom thumb: long time coming                     14 - thee more shallows: fly paper                     15 - d.w. holiday: moving on                     16 - creeper lagoon: grocery                     17 - bettie serveert: storm                     18 - scrabbel: rosamo                     19 - scissors for lefty: marsha                     20 - the faint: i disappear                     21 - elephone: seconds                     22 - the pink mountaintops: the solo sexyou can purchase it herejust sayin....



leave a commentshareflag







this one is for townjuice:angoraphobiaaugust 7th, 2006



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag










summahsummahsummah time....angoraphobiamay 14th, 2006there is nothing worse than being sick when it's hot out. it got up to 82 degrees in oakland today, and i was sick in bed. i finally managed to escape from our hot house at dusk to see the remnants of a gorgeous sunset that had stained the sky sherbert rasberry and orange. we needed dinner and groceries. upon leaving the grocery store i could smell it, the radiating heat smell of pavement on the cool down.it reminded me of being young and hanging out with young skater boys (and girls) in abandoned parking lots at dusk when the air is still and summery...wondering if i had enough money to eat at taco bell.



4 commentsleave a commentshareflag










nobody puts baby in a cornerangoraphobiaapril 20th, 2006current mood: giddycurrent music:gogosit's springbreak at school so i went and got the usual lunch gang pizza and baked goodies at arizmendi bakery today.pizza contents:red potatored onionsmoked mozzarellakalamata olive tepanadedeliciousi always use the name jane when asked my name for take out or waiting lists at restaurants. it's much less awkward then to hear someone botch it or struggle to try and sound it out. today was no different as i had ordered the pizza ahead of time.there was this nice positive vibe going on when i got there 80's music playing...people singing along, being polite. the sweet guy behind the counter was ringing me up and when i handed him my debit card he looked at it then me, confused.me: "yeah, i always use the name jane when ordering take out."him: "that's too bad, how do you pronounce your name."(i pronounce)him: "that really is a beautiful name, you should stop using jane."me: (blushing) "aw, thank you." (huge ass smile)i left a generous tip and skipped out of the store humming vacation by the gogos.



7 commentsleave a commentshareflag










zee quizangoraphobiafebruary 23rd, 2006click here.take the quiz.post your results.( see angoraphobia's results.collapse )



2 commentsleave a commentshareflag







the last two weeksangoraphobiafebruary 23rd, 2006current mood: weirdcurrent music:dylan - times they are a changinfound a parakeet, named it sophie or algernon (we can't tell if its a guy or a gal)decided to take a trip to tahoegot hitchedgot my first speeding ticketlooked in the mirror and saw that i look painfully bloated at this point in timei think it's time to get my shit together.



18 commentsleave a commentshareflag










just a lil thank youangoraphobiajanuary 10th, 2006current mood: contemplativefor the nice thoughts and wishes....thank you my lj homies....



shareflag







people ain't no goodangoraphobiajuly 26th, 2005current mood:disgustedcurrent music:zee cramps"you know good and well it's true. they never do what you want 'em too. cuz people ain't no good. they're no good on weekends. when they come out to play. they're no good for bookends. cuz you can't make 'em stay...hey! people ain't no good. people ain't no good. they never do what i think they should. so people ain't no good. yeah people are just a waste. they're all over the place. ya see 'em everywhere ya go. and i don't like their face. and people don't like me. why i sure don't know. but even a jerk like you could see. it's obviously so...so...they always get some smile. they always stand like this. they alweays tell ya who is what. well what i say is this."its true....



leave a commentshareflag








previous 10






archive
apr2009

smtwtfs


   1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
2627282930  



page summary

hammer's back! — 2 commentsfinally my dreams have come true! — 2 commentsat the crossroads...this one is for townjuice: — 2 commentssummahsummahsummah time.... — 4 commentsnobody puts baby in a corner — 7 commentszee quiz — 2 commentsthe last two weeks — 18 commentsjust a lil thank youpeople ain't no good



comments

super_unison7 may 2009, 16:08hammer's back!haha, glad to know i'm not the only one who noticed that.asharak10 apr 2009, 03:37hammer's back!remember when hammer tried to go gangsta rap back in 1994? sad.i have to admit "pumps and a bump" was catchy, though. plus, he had a boner in the video.zaboga21 jan 2009, 07:10finally my dreams have come true!nobody puts baby in the cornerstridingcloud14 jan 2009, 05:17finally my dreams have come true!awesome.angoraphobia9 aug 2006, 15:58this one is for townjuice:you were the first person that i thought of besides myself! (i was just moved into a cubicle in another building with no windows and awful quivering flourescent lighting....splendiforous!!!



        powered by livejournal.com









































