



cleveland select youth soccer club, cleveland oh











































cleveland select soccer club
			9945 bainbridge road | auburn, ohio, 44023
tel. 216.926.3769 | email: dani@clevelandselect.com












home
club info

coaches
coaching philosophy
fields/directions
club registration forms
commitment/fees/policies
frequently asked questions
distinguish players
cs great soccer articles
boosters


calendar

games schedule
practice schedule
extra tournaments
training sessions 
private training classes


footskills/indoor classes
media

photo gallery
newsletter
awards&cups


shop
winter/summer camps

winter camps
summer camps


mini lyons

tryouts
contact



click here to register as a cleveland select player | 
		futsal | 
		private lessons
























welcome to cleveland select youth soccer club






tryouts for new players for indoors
please click here to see our indoor practice schedule!
	 we do practice at:indoor turf field @ the pond ice rink,9999 e.washington street, chagrin falls, oh, 44023
 any questions please email dani@clevelandselect.com or call dani - 216.926.3769.



learn from national license and european coaches  
 who will help you train to become  the best player you can be.to arrange a tryout at any point in time, please contact dani.




free soccer clinics
free soccer clinics
	for girls and boys 2014 - 2018
	focusing on technical work, agility, shooting, passing.
	
dates and times:
	wednesday, february 12th, 5-7 pm
wednesday, february 19th, 5-7 pm
place:
the pond ice rink, 9999 e.washington street, chagrin falls, oh, 44023
get in the building, and see steps on the wall
you must register to attend




this is my interview for the local newspapper - the news-herald

dani giulvezan may not venture eastward as much as he  once did. 
	  his demonstrative touchline flair had tempered over the  years. 
	  and he may not be leading a news-herald coverage area  side anymore. but there are some aspects in which familiarity is clear  — giulvezan’s sides are never shy in the attack. unfortunately for north  on sept. 30, the rangers found that out the hard way.

	  yoon ha netted a strike 23 seconds into the match, and  solon was well on its way to a 5-0 win over north.

      the rangers (7-6-1) are on a five-match winless skid,  getting outscored in that span, 17-1. but the totality of this 80, again  unfortunately for the hosts, might have been one of the roughest performances  the program has logged in recent memory.

      the comets (3-6-3) enjoyed an 18-1 shots-on-target  advantage and controlled the attack for much of the afternoon.

      “what i liked most about it was the drive and intensity,  and the willingness to do good,” giulvezan said. “it’s a great group of kids.  it’s a great soccer community. it’s a great school. i’m very happy to be in  this new chapter in my life. and i feel like a special person that i have a  chance to work with those kids and shape what they do with my love for the  sport.”

	  giulvezan, of course, made his coaching name locally as  the longtime head man for the hawken boys side. in 17 seasons, he guided the  hawks to seven division iii state final four berths and were d-iii state  runners-up on four occasions.
	  this is his first season at solon after a stint with the  orange girls side.

      “it’s my love for the game,” giulvezan said of his  longevity. “i grew up with it. i discovered soccer when i was 7 years old. i  walked to school in romania, and in front of the store, there was a white ball,  white and black. i told my parents i don’t want anything else for my birthday,  just to buy me that ball. they bought me the ball, and my love for the game  started.”

	  malec jirari put away a header amid corner aftermath in  the 36th, and rowan hirsh and jirari netted strikes 63 seconds apart early in  the second 40 as solon blew the match open.

      among the few bright spots for the rangers were two  outstanding saves from austin hope in the eighth and 12th minutes,  respectively, as they hung in nearly to halftime down, 1-0. their first and  only shot on target didn’t come until jaiden kramer’s look in the 52nd.



classes description:
    - cs  foot skills classes -  60 minutes class will concentrate on the player’s technique. 
- cs finishing class - we teach the correct technique to strike the ball. easiest  way to score goals , is by striking the ball.  goals change the mod of the players and the outcome of  the games.
        - cs  goalie class - these classes will concentrate on :  safe/correct technique for diving, using the correct technique to catch the ball, distribution ( hands and kicks) , second reaction to shots, communication  with your team, dealing with crosses and angles, shot blocking
    - cs  mini lyons -   soccer program for 5 to 8 years old, girls and boys. program is design to help young players understand the game of soccer and develop love for the game. we use small sided games as the main tool to teach the game. 
    




cleveland select premier soccer club
 the cleveland select premier soccer  club was establish in the  spring season of 1995. 

  dani was the only coach at the time, and  we were accepted in the   north coast amateur league, which was located at nc hudson and lodi at   the time. the clubs colors where picked as yellow and royals, as not too   many clubs had those colors at the time. plus, were the romanian   national colors, so it was very easy to decide. 

  neil baltes, was the first coach, that the club hired, and he was   very influential and helpful in the club’s philosophy and development.   dani and neil become very good friends, through the process. 


  today the club, has teams from u8 to u18 girls and boys.
 
 
awards & cups

u12 boys
u16 boys
u11 boys

erie premier cup champions
runners up cleveland indoor classic
champions at erie elite cup

  
  
  

 

u12 boys
u11 boys south
u11 boys east

champions copley tournament
louisville soccer tournament champions
in ravenna

  
  
  




 
please support our sponsors



 



















 

practice info

dear parents please follow the accounts below for any cancellations in case of bad weather.
                    if you don't see anything posted, it means  that all practices/games are on, as scheduled. 
twitter | facebook | instagram
you  will still receive emails from team managers. please check all before you head  out.


 

cs facebook




 
 

cleveland, oh weather






mini lyons

soccer program for 3 to 8 years old, girls and boys. program is design to help young players understand the game of soccer and develop love for the game. we use small sided games as the main tool to teach the game.

mini lyons soccer players

details here


 

promo




 

member
















 




club info
				   coaches

				   coaching philosophy
				   fields/directions
				   club registration forms
				   commitment/fees/policies
				   faq
				   distinguish players
				   cs great soccer articles


calendar
				   games schedule
				   practice schedule
				   extra tournaments
photo gallery
awards & cups
boosters
shop / merchandise / uniforms


summer camps
mini lyons
				   calendar
				   mini lyons registration form
tryouts
contact


soccer,
                club,
                cleveland select,
                camps,
                tryouts,
                practice,
                football,
                kids,
                technical and tactical,
                training,
                foot skills,
                coaching,
                tournaments,
                teams,
                fields,
                indoor,
                outdoor



 



© copyright cleveland select soccer club
 
developed by robilix







 