








adventure motorcycling | explore the world on two wheels










































motorcycle accessories
classic
enduro
technique



 








motorbike categories
which motorbike to choose for which purpose?



motorbike manufacturers offer a model to suit each style. the roadster is known for its versatility. it is the ideal motorbike for beginners. the tourer is a two-wheeler designed for long weekend rides. this vehicle offers unparalleled comfort.


































moto boutique
specialists in motorbike equipment and accessories



visit a motorbike and biker equipment dealer to discover a wide range of spare parts and accessories for the two-wheels. these specialists offer items from different motorbike brands at fair prices. during the sales period, you can get a good deal at bmw motorrad biker equipment.






motorbike licences
which licence to ride which motorbike?



the am licence is for motorcycles below 50cc. a1 licences are for mtl motorbikes. while mtt type 2 motorbikes require an a licence; a2 licence holders can ride two-wheeled motorcycles from 11 to 35 kw.



















mandatory motorbike equipment
to ride a motorbike, a certain amount of equipment is mandatory for motorcyclists.





the helmet
motorcycle scooter helmet

the helmet is an expression of the rider’s taste, philosophy of life and values. much more than just a piece of protective equipment, different types of helmets are being offered on the market: full-face, jet, modular, crossover and replica, or off-road.





number plates
approved and personalised number plates

choose luxury plexiglas number plates to show off your top-of-the-range motorbike. the advantage with these plates is their aesthetic and fine finish.





gloves
basic equipment for motorcyclists

when choosing your gloves, you have the choice between a leather or textile model. leather gloves are made of a noble material that ensures great flexibility.




motorbike insurance
choose insurance packages that suit your needs



third-party motorbike insurance is the legal minimum for any motorcyclist looking for an affordable package. this cover includes third party liability. the limitation is that this type of insurance does not cover medical expenses and vehicle repair costs in the event of an accident. the motorcyclist can choose to enrich his civil liability insurance with additional guarantees: theft, fire, vandalism, legal protection or glass breakage. these additional options increase the price of the insurance. they allow motorcyclists to enjoy a more complete protection that adapts to their needs. for better protection, opt for comprehensive motorbike insurance.



motorbike maintenance
tips for motorbike maintenance






tyre pressure
safety and riding comfort
motorbike tyre pressure should generally be checked every two weeks. check the condition of the tyres before going on a long journey.



brake discs & pads
brake disc and pad wear condition
ceramic or organic brake pads are made of resin amalgamated with other components. it provides a smoother and more progressive braking action.



engine fluid level
vital to the engine
get a long life and optimum performance from your motorbike by changing the fluid level from time to time.




























plan du site










