






times 4 - soul jazz explorers




































































 
















home

who we are
calendar
latest video
latest release
gallery
news


music
video
biography
contact us






 










times 4soul jazz explorersvisit our store

who we are


 over 17 years of collaboration and friendship have culminated in times 4's unique brand of soul jazz. their joyful musical interplay generates tight, driving grooves, captivating melodies and dynamic improvisations that inspire their audience members, from critical to carefree, to tap their feet and feel dance in their bones.




“times 4 has become one of the finest jazz-funk-soul combos in california.”
– san jose mercury news, oakland tribune
calendar


current month 







our latest video






times 4 - live @ the impulse room - sine language





“the quartet often thinks as one. they succeed as both funky dance music and a fine example of the funkier side of jazz.”  
– all music guide
our latest release







“characterized by cohesive improvisation and filled with the spirit of hip-hop rhythms and a groove-based approach, the music surges with a mesmerizing power and charms accordingly.”   
– allaboutjazz.com
photo gallery





























































 


news



  


video – times 4: an introductionan introduction to the band, by the band – lincoln adler, greg sankovich, kevin lofton and maurice miles.




times 4 @ jupiter in berkeleyon friday, march 16th we're excited to be playing our favorite east bay spot, jupiter in berkeley. it's been a while since we've been on this side of the bay. come on out and celebrate the night with us. we'll be serving up our unique soul jazz explorations for your listening enjoyment.




video – fsj @ yoshi’stimes 4 has performed numerous times at yoshi's, the bay area's premier performance venue. we're having a little fun this time out playing with one of our funkier numbers, fsj.




video – performance montagetimes 4 has performed in some of the most wonderful venues in the s.f. bay area. here is a montage of some highlights including performances at the mountain winery, yoshi's and the bach dancing and dynamite society.




video – sine language @ the impulse roomtimes 4 has some new video from our show at the impulse room jazz club in walnut creek. here's a funky one called sine language. warmest thanks to peter barron, owner  and emcee of the beautiful walnut creek club.




video – full moon @ the impulse roomtimes 4 has some new video from our show at the impulse room jazz club in walnut creek. here's the first tune of the night, full moon.

 
 








copyright © 2025 times 4 – all rights reserved


 










 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences















 







 
join our mailing list!we'll keep you up-to-date on all the happenings




 


your info is secure with us


 

 




x

 









































