








home – unitarian society of new haven






















































 







skip to content





search for:




search










google map
 

the unitarian society 
of new haven

700 hartford turnpike 
hamden, ct 06517


203-288-1807
office@usnh.org









unitarian society of new haven
a unitarian universalist congregation 



facebook youtube 
find us
search
get our newsletter
donate

sunday service in person and live-streaming at 10:30 am, february 16








toggle navigation
menu 



main navigation
home
about us 

who are we?
our mission, principles, values, and aspirations
our congregational covenant
our history
our minister and staff
our leadership and governance
our library
key documents


 worship and music 

what to expect on sunday
next sunday at usnh
music and choir
celebrating milestones at usnh

child dedications
weddings
memorial services and funerals




 learn 

for children
for youth
for adults


do justice 

social justice


 beyond sunday 

get support
committees and teams – help us run!
join the conversation
join a potluck group
in stitches
small group ministry
meditate
turnpike players


giving 

annual stewardship campaign
ways to give to usnh
the endowment and legacy giving


online services
member login
 

























 

next sundaylove in need of love02-16-2025 10:30 amjesse greistas unitarian universalists, we are called to answer hate with love. but what exactly is love? how does it manifest in a specifically anti-oppression, anti-racist context? does the love we answer hate with ever get tired or want to give in? stevie wonder reminded us in 1975 that at times “love is in need of … continue reading love in need of love
first time visitor?upcoming servicesjoining   usnh 



who are we?we are a diverse multigenerational faith community that inspires lives of compassion and generosity, nurtures spiritual growth, cultivates transformative connections, and creates a more just world.
learn more 

what do we do?we have a legacy of “deeds not creeds.” our work for a better world calls us to unexpected places as we harness love’s power to stop oppression. from grassroots community organizing to interfaith state, national, and corporate advocacy; in protest marches, prayer vigils, and press conferences; in homeless shelters and in prisons, unitarian universalists put our faith into action.
learn more 

how can i get involved? there are many ways to jump in to life at usnh. start with a sunday service. join us in our social justice and service work. become a part of our vibrant multi-generational community through activities and gatherings. join a small group. we look forward to welcoming you!
learn more 



messages for allthe line  september 25, 2023monoculture v. polyculture  september 23, 2023doubt of the benefit  january 24, 2023please discard attachment  january 24, 2023what is a mother?  may 18, 2022 



	congregational calendar



	click here for full calendar
	 

newsletters
 
 








 



the unitarian society 
of new haven

700 hartford turnpike 
hamden, ct 06517


203-288-1807
office@usnh.orgrenting our facilities












				© 2025 unitarian society of new haven				


facebook youtube 
























