












mardi gras! galveston 2025 | february 21 - march 4, 2025















































































































 























 

 

 
     
















 











 




home
tickets

all tickets
balcony tickets
jolly jester jaunt 5k
fiesta gras! tickets
ticket to ride
discount packages

hotel packages
restaurant packages




schedule

parade schedule
entertainment lineup
fiesta gras!
festival map


get involved

parades

umbrella brigade
golf cart parade
jeep parades
krewes


contests
beads for needs
vendors
airstream rally


more info

faqs & tips
golden bead giveaway
family events
sponsors
awards

george p. mitchell award
newe krewe award


contact us

social center
press room

media contacts
media faqs
images & b roll
media pass request
press releases




galveston info


 


















texas' largest mardi gras!celebrating 114 years!20+ parades!knights of momus, krewe of gambrinus, and more!20+ concerts!headliners, djs, and local talent!3 million beads!7 days of revelry!play!mardi gras! galveston 2025

bead there!run!mardi gras! galveston official 5k fun runroll!14th annual zaniest golf cart paraderide!learn how!get your “ticket to ride”!dance!non-stop entertainment













tickets





buy early to save! packages available!

tickets



balconies





party like a mardi gras king with balcony tickets!

tickets



parades





20+ awe-inspiring parades!

schedule



entertainment






20+ concerts, featuring headliners, djs, and local talent!

schedule









































recent news







mardi gras! galveston 2025 – bead there!
at mardi gras! galveston, the extravagance found in texas' largest mardi gras celebration starts with the beads! more than 3 million beads will be thrown at mardi gras! galveston and that's just the beginning of the elaborate parades, headliner performances, family events, feasting and other festivities that come with hosting mardi gras island style....

read more 





golden bead giveaway returns for 2025
returning for the second year, organizers are giving a few lucky parade goers a chance to win some extraordinary prizes. exclusive golden mardi gras beads will be thrown out during a few select parades. parades with the golden bead will be announced soon!

read more 





tutu live krewe is the newe krewe for 2025!
mardi gras! galveston is delighted to announce the distinguished recipients of the prestigious george p. mitchell mardi gras award: mike doherty and kenneth shelton. these two lifelong residents of galveston island will be honored at an awards ceremony on friday, february 21, 5:30 pm, as part of the kick-off to mardi gras festivities.

read more 





knights of momus leaders mike doherty and kenneth shelton to be honored with george mitchell mardi gras award
mardi gras! galveston is delighted to announce the distinguished recipients of the prestigious george p. mitchell mardi gras award: mike doherty and kenneth shelton. these two lifelong residents of galveston island will be honored at an awards ceremony on friday, february 21, 5:30 pm, as part of the kick-off to mardi gras festivities.

read more 





newe krewe award
the first recipient for the “newe krewe award” will be the “krewe de isle of misfits.” founded by becky major and michael mandina in 2018, this krewe dazzles the mardi gras crowd with their out-of-the-box creativity. 

read more 

















































 
• tickets
• parades
• entertainment
• balconies
• contests
• official 5 k run


 
• faqs
• social center
• family events
• build your own krewe
• krewes


• restaurant packages
• hotel packages
• galveston info


 
• about
• parking
• vendors
• sponsors
• contact us



 
• press releases
• media contacts
• media faqs
• images and b roll
• press passes














 










  




 

 

 
   mardi gras! galveston 2025 | all rights reserved | website managed by galveston.com




















 
 

























