
































pediatric neurology care - nyc & westchester | columbia neurology | columbiadoctors children's health


















 
skip to content





 






columbiadoctors
children's health















columbiadoctors children's health







patient login
contact us












about us



about us 


history
children's board at columbia
firsts & awards
research
frequently asked questions
patient stories
make a gift





          welcome back safely        

 
columbiadoctors practices are open and we are here to care for you. 
how we are keeping everybody safe 




pediatric specialties



pediatric specialties 


allergy
cancer & blood disorders
cardiology & cardiac surgery
child & adolescent health
dentistry
dermatology
digestive & liver disorders
ear, nose & throat
endocrinology, diabetes & metabolism
genetics & inherited disorders
gynecology
hospital services
immunodeficiency disorders
infectious diseases
kidney & bladder
lungs & breathing disorders
neonatal
neurology
neurosurgery
ophthalmology & strabismus
orthopedics
primary care pediatrics
psychiatry & psychology
radiology
rehabilitation medicine
rheumatology
surgery
urology





          find a doctor        

 
search for a provider by specialty, expertise, location and insurance. schedule an appointment online. 
find a doctor 




treatments & conditions
locations
find a doctor
for patients



for patients 


access connect
access digital health services
code of conduct
get virtual urgent care
get a second opinion
health insights
health library
pay a bill
podcast: the stuff that matters for kids' health
refer a patient
request medical records
request prescription refill
request a virtual visit
request an appointment





          find a doctor        

 
search for a provider by specialty, expertise, location and insurance. schedule an appointment online. 
find a doctor 













neurology 


for patients
our services



our services 


neurofibromatosis program
neuromuscular disease
pediatric epilepsy center





          conditions        


pediatric neurologists at columbia have a long history of diagnosing and treating children with neurological conditions. 
explore the conditions we treat 




conditions we treat
meet our team
our locations
























pediatric neurology 







you are herehome > pediatric specialties > neurology









neurology 


for patients
our services
conditions we treat
meet our team
our locations








neurology



      make an appointment    

our team is here to help you make an appointment with the specialists that you need. 646-426-3876request an appointment onlinefind a doctorfind a doctor



our pediatric neurologists are leaders in the diagnosis and treatment of a wide range of neurological diseases in children, including pediatric and adolescent epilepsy, metabolic and genetic diseases, neurodevelopmental disorders, multiple sclerosis and neuroimmunology, movement disorders, neuromuscular diseases, neurofibromatosis, and more.
learn about conditions we treat
our doctors
all of our neurologists are affiliated with newyork-presbyterian/morgan stanley children's hospital, the largest children's hospital in the tri-state area and one of the best in the northeast, according to u.s. news & world report.
we also draw on the extensive resources of columbia university irving medical center and the expertise of our adult neurology colleagues in the famed neurological institute of new york, giving our patients instant access to a range of experts and the highest level of coordinated care.
our expertise
our pediatric neurologists offer subspecialty expertise across a full range of neurological conditions in children. our multidisciplinary, team-based approach prioritizes collaboration, as needed, with neurosurgeons, neuropsychologists and psychiatrists, geneticists, ophthalmologists, dermatologists, and other pediatric and adult specialists to create a treatment plan tailored to your child's individual needs.
resources
your family plays an important role on our team. we rely on extensive face-to-face consultations with parents and caregivers for insights into a child's symptoms that may not show up on a conventional medical history. we make sure you are involved, informed, and supported at every stage of your child's evaluation and treatment and offer special programs to help siblings navigate this trying time.
many parents come to us after seeking help elsewhere, knowing we are one of the primary centers in the country focusing on complex neurological conditions. our experts provide consultations to referring doctors in the united states and abroad and work closely with pediatricians and primary care doctors across the tri-state area.
many of our pediatric neurologists maintain a robust research program through which pediatric patients may have the opportunity to participate in clinical trials and benefit from the newest therapies.








child neurology services


 













neurofibromatosis program



our board-certified child neurologists and pediatric neuro-oncologists have particular expertise in neurofibromatosis (nf) and nf-related tumors.




neurofibromatosis program 














neuromuscular disease



we provide comprehensive multidisciplinary care for children with spinal muscular atrophy, muscular dystrophy, and other neuromuscular disorders.




neuromuscular disease 














pediatric epilepsy center



the pediatric epilepsy center at newyork-presbyterian morgan stanley children's hospital is one of the leading pediatric epilepsy programs in the united states. 




pediatric epilepsy center 




 








weinberg family cerebral palsy center
the weinberg family cerebral palsy center strives to create a patient care model for people with cp, and fulfill the need for lifelong comprehensive care for those living with cerebral palsy through its clinical services, education, and research programs.  visit the weinberg family cerebral palsy center visit the weinberg family cerebral palsy center 




 


















columbia university irving medical center


providing world-class care with new york presbyterian. logotype.








clinical trials
careers
donate
contact us






columbiadoctors children's health


630 west 168th street
new york, ny 10032
united states



general information / find a doctor
855-550-5437 



patient safety phone
212-305-8548 





patient safety email
cdsafety@cumc.columbia.edu 










      follow us    

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram










© 2025 columbia university
privacy policy
terms and conditions
hipaa
general information: 212-305-2862






 back to top





