






















the velocette owners' club





















































the velocette owners' club



keeping velocettes alive - in the mind, on the road, on the track














  



 members can now download the latest edition of fishtail magazine click here join now for full access   












new voc long sleeve



t-shirt design









click the image to visit our regalia store















about usjoin the clubnews & eventsfishtail magazinelocal centremembers areamembership renewalregalia shopdespatch bookdvlacontact us


















 about us
 join the club
 news & events
 fishtail magazine
 local centres
 members area
 membership renewal
 services



 regalia shop
 despatch book
 dvla




 contact us



 
 
 







what's the voc about?

back in 1957 it was mostly comradeship. this is still true today but perhaps more importantly for finding guidance, support and, critically, spare parts. there are lots out there but are they right and do they fit? those from veloce spares limited, our spares organisation are, and do ... but they are only available to current members. velos are and have always been a bit special.











	click the map above to see the centres.












over the last 60 years our members have compiled a lot of knowledge and through our local centres you will be able to access this. those centres also meet regularly so there is a strong and local social side to the club. to bind all this together we have our magazine 'fishtail' combining the latest club news, reports of events, in-depth technical articles, history and, of course, the good ol' days. it comes out 8 times a year and always carries a number of opportunities to find parts and bikes and to sell and exchange stuff too - all free to members. so, that's a lot of good stuff - must be expensive to join? not at all. uk membership is only £22 and from year two, if you opt for a standing order renewal, only £20. we think that is probably the best value for money amongst classic bike clubs. so, if you have a velocette or a hankering for one… what are you waiting for? click here to join!

if you want to know more about the club click here.











the information, including advice and suggested modifications, contained in www.velocetteowners.com has not been approved, tested or otherwise checked by the velocette owners' club.  before acting on information, advice or suggested modifications published in the website you should always obtain technical advice and, if appropriate, have a professional motorcycle engineer carry out the work for you. the velocette owners' club cannot accept liability for any loss, damage or claims occurring as a result of any modifications or work or other action carried out on the advice or based on the suggestions given in this website and (save for death or personal injury arising from negligence) all such liability is hereby excluded.

















	
	© 2021 the velocette owners club  - vat no. gb 427 857 949



privacy policy






























