 cages for animal professionals san francisco, philadelphia & houston| boarding, groomer, rescue and pet store animal cages - clark cages          

    serving the pet-care pro's with career lasting quality for 55 years. more here



























search			homeaboutclient gallery

 

 blogcontact usour products




login / register			


0 items


$0.00



menu

 

 


0 items


$0.00






you care for animals. it's our business to help.request a catalog
view popular cages
 


searching for high
quality cage units?request a catalog
view popular cages
 


view our full line of
clark cages productsrequest a catalog
view popular cages
 


  your trusted source for cages for animal professionalsproviding top-of-the-line cages for animal professionals, clark cages is your go-to destination for all your cage needs. whether you’re a veterinary clinic, pet boarding facility, pet groomer, pet rescue organization, or pet store, we have the perfect cages to meet your requirements.cages by industry

 
boarding kennels (14)

14 products					

 
groomers (16)

16 products					

 
rescues + shelters (16)

16 products					

 
pet stores (11)

11 products					

 
veterinarians (22)

22 products					safe, secure cages for every purposewe understand the importance of providing comfortable and secure environments for animals. our cages are designed with the utmost care and attention to detail. they are durable and long-lasting and ensure the safety and well-being of the animals in your care.are you looking for cat condos? we have you covered. our cat condos offer a cozy, private space for feline friends, with all the amenities to entertain them.we offer a wide selection of veterinary cages for veterinary clinics designed to provide a safe, hygienic environment for treating and observing animals. with our veterinary cages, you can ensure the well-being of your patients while maintaining a professional and organized clinic setting.view & shop our best sellersour most popular cage units


view the best sellersrequest a catalogfamily owned & operated since 1968.more about clark cagesaboutare you in the pet boarding or pet grooming business? our pet boarding cages and pet groomer cages optimize space while providing a secure, comfortable environment for animals under your care. rest assured, your furry guests will feel right at home in our thoughtfully designed cages.pet rescue organizations and pet stores can also benefit from our pet rescue cages and pet store animal cages. these cages accommodate different species and sizes, ensuring the safety and well-being of the animals you rescue or sell.with locations in san francisco, philadelphia, houston, and north bay, ontario, we proudly serve animal professionals across the united states and canada.discover the perfect cages for your needs at clark cages and provide the best care for the animals you serve. contact us today to explore our extensive range of cages and experience the clark cages difference.maximum comfort for your pet clientele.
maximum convenience for you.about clark cagesclient galleryfind the right cage modules
for your unique space.request a quotejoin the clark cages family!follow @clarkcages

3694
571

9127
525

1540
916

6340
713

8020
689

1829
51no spam emails here!subscribe todayenjoy product updates and tips plus customer stories 

leave this field empty if you're human: get in touch ushave a question?our team members are reachable by email or phonesend messageget in touch with our team





your nameyour emailphone number (required)select countrycanadaunited statestell us what you are looking forcage partscatalog requestquote requestyour messagecontact informationclark cage address,
ontario, a1a 1a1
canada+17054978900cages@clarkcages.com
support@clarkcages.comdo you have questions about how we can help your company? send us an email and we’ll get in touch shortly.














serving the animal care industry since 1968













opening hoursmon-fri: 08:30am – 4:30pm
saturday – sunday: we are closeduseful linksabout usproductscontact usblogshipping and returnprivacy policycontact infowant to get in touch? we’d love to hear from you. here’s how you can reach us.
4090 hwy 63, north bay, ontario, p1b 8g4
phone: 1-800-461-9972other linkscapability statementsitemapadditional material
© clark cages 2025. all rights reserved.






search						



menu							



categories							
boarding kennelsgroomerspet storesrescues + sheltersveterinarianshomeproductsbloggalleryabout uscontact uscapability statement 
wishlist
comparelogin / register
shopping cart
close
sign in
close
username or email address *

password *

 
log in
lost your password?

 remember me
no account yet?
create an account





search						
start typing to see products you are looking for.   



shop				





wishlist				



0 items


cart				




my account				
            



