





pacific northwest historians guild































 





skip to content








about us

about us
mission
guild history
founding the guild
past presidents
the guild board


events

events
past event detail
upcoming events


pnw history conference

2023 history conference
previous pnw history conferences


membership

membership
membership directory


other

blog
bylaws amendment proposal
pnw history award
video links
walking tours


contact
 









welcome



the pacific northwest historians guild brings together scholars concerned with the study and dissemination of regional history. founded in nov. 1980, the guild fosters teaching and appreciation of northwest history and promotes communication among regional historians.
we look forward to seeing you at our monthly zoom lectures and other events in 2024.
***
february 27th meeting announcement
join us for the guild’s february 27 evening zoom meeting and hear author johanna ogden speak about her new book punjabi rebels of the columbia river, recently published by the oregon state university press.
oregon is commonly perceived to have little, let alone notable, south asian history. yet in the early 1900s oregon’s small indian settlement became a center of resistance that entwined quests for indian independence and civic belonging that rocked the world. punjabi rebels of the columbia river traces the stories of the radical indian independence organization known as ghadar, and bhagat singh thind’s era-defining us supreme court citizenship case, united states v. bhagat singh thind (1923). ghadar sought the overthrow of india’s british colonizers while thind utilized sanctioned legal channels to do so. despite widely differing strategies, both the movement and the man were targeted, often in coordination, by the highest levels of the us and british governments.
 via zoom starting at 7 pm, thursday february 27


this free zoom meeting will start at 7 pm, thursday february 27registration required, at this link: https://us02web.zoom.us/meeting/register/vu3zluk1trgjticgp2irlw























