








lost horizons




















 

home |
		news |
		site map |
		search |
		contact






welcome to the home of the scary, bracing and liberating truth about our 
	american heritage
“knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a 
	people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power 
	which knowledge gives.”
-james madison
this website is dedicated to helping american 
	men and women resume their rightful stature as the masters and mistresses of 
	their own lives and fortunes, just as was intended by the founders of this 
	great country. achieving that end involves nothing more than 1.) gaining an 
	accurate understanding of our legal, economic and political structure as 
	designed and implemented in our fundamental law; 2.) learning how that 
	structure has come to be widely misunderstood by the american people 
	generally; 3.) learning how that general misunderstanding is broadly and 
	deeply exploited by private interests; and 4.) standing up and insisting 
	that the law be administered and upheld as written. it's that simple.
one of the most important areas of our 
	fundamental law concerns control over individual labor and property. 
	intending to establish a society based on individual liberty, america's 
	founders designed our legal structure so as to ensure that to the greatest 
	degree possible-- consistent with the need for securing that liberty against 
	internal and external threats-- an individual's control over his or her own 
	labor and property remains uncompromised by government.
the reason for this specific attention was 
	two-fold: individual control over one's own labor and property was 
	recognized by the founders as the essence of the individual liberty which 
	was the point of the whole exercise; further, individual control over labor 
	and property was also recognized as the best means of non-violent restraint 
	upon the despotism to which all political structures are prone, including 
	our own.
the structure designed with these principles 
	at its heart worked magnificently for the 150 years or so that it remained 
	widely understood. the federal government remained small and relatively 
	harmless, operating almost entirely on modest revenue from import tariffs:



american prosperity soared. in fact, the 
	american economy grew at an average annual rate of 5% from the 1860s to the 
	1920s with full employment, a constantly- and dramatically-rising average 
	standard of living, and virtually no inflation:


but in the late 1930s, a by-then 20-year-old 
	concerted effort to erode common understanding of the taxation principles, 
	prescriptions and proscriptions built into the united states constitution 
	began to bear fruit. in particular, and most significantly, a mythology 
	serving progressive, statist interests was developed concerning the legal 
	nature of the income tax. this mythology (and the consequences it 
	engendered) was rightly seen as the best mechanism by which american liberty 
	and rule of law could be subverted and control over the resources of 
	individual americans could be transferred to those in command of the state.
consequently, one supremely important step 
	for any american wanting to enjoy the benefits of his or her heritage as a 
	free human being within the structure erected by the founders for that 
	purpose is coming to understand:
the 
	liberating truth about the income tax
here's the liberating truth in a nutshell: 
	the income tax is a benign, constitutional tax that simply doesn't apply to 
	the earnings of most americans. 
			the 
	tax laws themselves, scores of united states supreme court rulings, and 
	every other relevant authority all acknowledge this truth in no uncertain 
	terms.
the federal and state governments acknowledge 
	this themselves, and have been doing so for years now since
	this 
	book first revealed the truth about the tax in complete and 
	comprehensive detail in 2003. these acknowledgements take the form of 
			hundreds 
	of thousands of complete, 100% refunds of every penny paid-in by, or 
	withheld from, american men and women in connection with the income tax-- 
	social security and medicare taxes included.
	
	click here to find links to a few examples (well, around 1,500 examples, 
			actually...), along with tax agency 
	surrenders in "deficiency" proceedings, levy and lien releases, garnishment 
	reimbursements, and so on.  budget some time.  you're in for a 
	long mind-boggle.
you need to learn this 
	truth! your fellow americans need you to learn this truth.
learning the truth about the tax-- along with how it works, how it is 
	often misapplied, and what can and should be done when that has happened-- 
	is the only way to stop being an exploited victim of a decades-old scheme 
	that is a national disgrace. more importantly, learning that truth 
	transforms helpless victims into powerful, responsible, grown-up citizens of 
	the constitutionally-limited american republic that the founders of this 
	great country established for themselves and their posterity.
i say "responsible, grown-up citizens" very deliberately.  as noted 
	earlier, one of the key objects of the us constitution is to keep the 
	federal government from being the master of its own fuel supply, lest it get 
	out of control and burn down the house around us all.  among the 
	mechanisms deployed by the founders on behalf of this critically-important 
	purpose was putting control over how much wealth the government could take 
	directly from the citizenry entirely in the hands of each individual 
	american.  this design relies upon each american being a responsible 
	grown-up and using this control to keep our servant government on the leash 
	and obedient to the fundamental law.
the founders' fuel-supply-control mechanism remains fully 
	intact (the 16th amendment notwithstanding), and all income-tax-related 
	federal and state laws conform to that mechanism and its purpose faithfully 
	and precisely.  the only thing lacking is you doing your part.
i know this all sounds fantastic (as in, "a fantasy")-- but you did click on 
			that link above, right?
the reason this all seems fantastic is simply the success of that campaign 
	to implant in your mind the myth that back in 1913, the american population 
	got drunk one night and undid the constitutional structure of strict limits 
	on federal taxing power (and thus all federal power) that had brought this 
	country to the very pinnacle of wealth and personal freedom in all of world 
	history. as ludicrous as it sounds when actually said, the myth 
	declares that the elite, or the working class, or both together, somehow got 
	it into their minds to unleash the junk-yard dog of government and authorize 
	it to take anything or everything from anybody who earned it, whenever any 
	given cabal of political hacks in washington or a statehouse chose to do so.
as you have now seen, this is pure hogwash.
to learn the real story, read 'cracking 
	the code- the fascinating truth about taxation in america' ('ctc').  
	in that book you'll learn the truth about the 16th amendment, and the truth 
	about the tax-- including how the myths about both are used against the 
	unwary.  order the book
	here, because 
	the grown-ups already acting to enforce the law need you doing your part, 
	too!!


 

	***
by the way, some of the concrete tax-agency acknowledgements of the truth 
	about the law happen only after strenuous resistance by the governments 
	involved-- but happen nonetheless, making them even more pointed evidence of 
	the real nature of the tax.  see some examples
	
	here.
all of these victories in enforcing 
	our law against leviathan-- the simple, no-hassle vast majority and the 
	minority that have had to overcome obnoxious tax-agency misbehavior-- have 
	been happening continuously week after week for years now despite
	
	ever-increasingly-vicious disinformation and discouragement campaigns 
	designed to suppress readership of
	ctc 
	and keep more americans from learning the liberating truth about the tax and 
	the law that some in the political class find extremely inconvenient. 




these campaigns against
	ctc 
	by the irs, the doj, the political 
	hacks that have been looting america for decades and a lapdog mainstream 
	media that is perfectly happy with the status quo
	are conducted because 
	those responsible for them simply don't want you 
	to read the book and learn the truth.  the political elite like 
	spending your money (or seeing it spent in ways that suit their policy 
	agendas), and they will stoop to anything to discourage your interest, 
	including slanderous character assassination, fraud,
			and worse.
you do need to read the book.  you do need to learn the liberating 
	truth about the tax, like these folks have done:

"your book 
	is a masterpiece!"
michael 
	carver, jd
 

"thank you so much for your exquisitely documented and beautifully 
	written "cracking the code"- "this book is a masterpiece of analysis, 
	clarity and revelation."

	christiane sauter, syracuse, new york

			 

	"i just finished reading cracking the code yesterday and i must 
	congratulate you on this fine piece of work. i have spent 
	several thousand hours in the law library researching these and other legal 
	issues, and your book is a masterpiece."

	gerald brown, ed. d., author of 'cooperative federalism' and 
	co-author of 'in their own words'

			 

	"after reading your book, i knew that you had found the answer that 
	everyone has been looking for."

	arthur pollock, perryville, maryland

			 
“thanks 
	again for your efforts, pete. they mean an awful lot to a lot of people.” 
	“…as an attorney, i am humbled by your knowledge and ability in navigating 
	the law.  thank you for your hard work and sacrifice.”
eric 
	smithers, jd
 

	thank you for your superb work..."

	chet west, woodland park, colorado

			 

	"after receiving ctc i read it in a day or two (every spare minute i could 
	get). it is the best book-- the best material-- i have read yet on the 
	income tax issue." "thank you for your research and your great 
	book..."

	robin kartchner, pleasant grove, utah

			 

	"wow!!!! i've been studying this for 10 years and haven't gotten 
	anything as clearly as you have put it in your book. i will be 
	ordering more copies to put into the hands of everyone i know!! i 
	cannot thank you enough for your time and research."

	joyce cox, afton, wyoming

			 
"i am an 
	attorney and want to give a testimonial to your book, which i find to be 
	compelling. i am exercising these rights for myself and my adult children. 
	i'm even considering making this my new avenue of law practice."
nancy "ana" 
	garner, jd
 
"thank you for the most informative, wonderful book i have read in ages."

	andy valisalo, ft. lauderdale, florida

			 
i want to express my congratulations and my gratitude for such an 
	exhaustive and thorough work as 'cracking the code'". "[i found it] 
	extraordinarily enlightening."

	carl stewart, saint cloud, florida

			 
"...the best info i have ever read."

	charles boulton, lacenter, kentucky

			 




	click here to read reviews and additional reader comments, find out more 
	about ctc, and get your own copy.

	 


or, click here to start with a short drill-down on some of the key elements 
	of the tax;

	 


click here for a very-easily-understood model of how the tax actually 
	works;

	 

and then get ctc 
	and learn the whole liberating truth.

	 


	click here for the answers to a few faqs

	(who is this guy? what do the courts have to say about this? 
	wouldn't the government have to shut down if everyone learned and made use 
	of the truth about the income tax?)
 
*****
 

	"i confidently trust that the american 
	people will prove themselves...too wise not to detect the false pride or the 
	dangerous ambitions or the selfish schemes which so often hide themselves 
	under that deceptive cry of mock patriotism: 'our country, right or wrong!' 
	they will not fail to recognize that our dignity, our free institutions and 
	the peace and welfare of this and coming generations of americans will be 
	secure only as we cling to the watchword of true patriotism: 'our 
	country--when right to be kept right; when wrong to be put right.'"

	-senator carl schurz, october 17, 1899

	 


	the lost horizons news

want to get on the free newsletter mailing list?  just
	click 
	here and subscribe to the group. leave all options in their default 
	settings! 

	 




	order books

	 


	the lost horizons bulletin board

	 


***
the price of being right 
corrupt 
	elements in the federal government
	
	have been trying for years to keep the liberating truth revealed in
	
	ctc from the eyes of the american people. keeping that truth 
	alive and available requires your help!

make your donation now

 to help preserve the rule of law
send your 
	contribution to this effort to:
peter hendrickson
232 oriole rd.,
commerce twp., 
	michigan, 48382
please do your part!!
"heaven knows how to put a proper price upon its goods; and it would be 
	strange indeed if so celestial an article as freedom should not be highly 
	rated."
-thomas paine








all written and graphic materials on this 
	site not otherwise attributed or in the public domain are copyrighted 1997, 
	2014 by peter e. hendrickson. all rights are reserved. 







 home |
	news |
	site map |
	search |
	contact
"resistance to tyranny is obedience to god"
-thomas jefferson




