





office of sustainability | green nau



















































































expand navigation




                    green nau
                 


virtual visit
request info
apply


menumenuclimate action plan

maximizing resource conservation and efficiencypurchasing clean and renewable electricitydecarbonizing district heating and cooling systemselectrifying nau's fleetcreating a culture of sustainabilitygreenhouse gas emissions reportingcultivating a national model of a living laboratory
organizations

nau office of sustainability

office of sustainability stafflegacy of sustainability 
campus-wide sustainability forum

sustainability forum action teamssustainability leadership awards 
green fund

green fund proposalgreen fund committee 

involvement

portal to actiongreen jackssustainable ambassadorsenergy mentorsacademics
sustainability

careers with impactaashe stars reportev chargingrecycling

recycling on campuscompostingglass recycling 

campus

dininggrounds

campus gardenstree campus usaleed buildingsrenewable energy 
sustainable transportation

public transportationyellow bike program 














in





green nau



office of sustainability















contact




abraham henn
manager, office of sustainability

 

abraham.henn@nau.edu






connect with us...



green@nau.edu







explore our work...



home

office of sustainability
sustainability forum 
green fund
green jacks








climate action plan




















donate to sustainability




we are green nau

at the flagstaff campus, students live, learn, eat, play, make purchases, use energy, and participate in every possible aspect of life—nau is a micro-community! as such, nau has the opportunity to demonstrate to larger cities, the nation, and the world what a truly healthy and sustainable environment can look like. the office of sustainability is an integral part of the nau culture.

our mission is to create, maintain and enhance our campus through continuous improvement and sustainable practices.
our vision is to be a leading university for sustainability and inclusivity by creating forward-thinking, impactful, and resourceful leaders.
our objective is to showcase a living laboratory where students study and participate in the development of social equity, economic stability, and environmental stewardship.








                        who we are tab open








                        what we do tab closed








                        green fund tab closed









who we are accordion open




the office of sustainability is a committed group of individuals that strive for sustainability and innovation across nau and the flagstaff community. with strong organizational leadership from chief sustainability officer erik nielsen, the office of sustainability reaches to accomplish nau’s goal of carbon neutrality by 2030.
meet our office of sustainability staff 2023-2024






what we do accordion closed




the office engages nau students, employees, and community members around sustainable initiatives to fulfill our vision. the office utilizes nau’s sustainability action plan to promote environmental stewardship in the areas of recycling and waste minimization, transportation, operations, procurement, water, energy and climate change, academics, and research.

read our brochure on creating a culture of sustainability to see specific examples of how nau is living, learning, researching, community building, and advocating for sustainability.
the two main objectives of climate commitment that guide nau’s sustainability actions are: addressing the climate challenge by reducing global warming emissions and by integrating sustainability into their curriculum. these actions will better serve our students and meet our social mandate to help create a thriving, ethical, and civil society.







green fund accordion closed




the northern arizona university green fund supports projects, initiated by university students, staff, and faculty, that reduce the environmental impact of campus operations and promote a culture of sustainability. funding comes from a $15 per semester green fee; these funds are overseen by a student committee that is supported by staff and faculty members.
learn more about the green fund or submit a proposal here!




nau’s commitment to sustainability
in the earth day 2022 newsletter, nau president josé luis cruz rivera declared a climate emergency.  our engaged community understands that when it comes to advancing climate solutions with regional applications and global reach, nau must lead the way. the whole announcement can be read here.


 








welcome to green nau







location
room 464  building 60
student academic services
1100 s. beaver st.
flagstaff, az 86011


mailing address
1100 s. beaver st. #15099
flagstaff, az 86011




                        contact form
                        








email
green@nau.edu


phone
928-523-5511






social media



visit us on x



facebook



instagram












 



















