





arts and craft show listings and reviews by the craft fair guide















 















 


announcement:  as of 1/1/09, the crafts fair guide
	is no longer in print and is now part of our parent publication, craftmaster news.
	for the latest event listings and reviews, please visit
	please visit www.craftmasternews.com
arts & craft show listings and reviews 
        for california & the west

the crafts fair 
        guide is a publication for artists and craftspeople that lists and reviews arts and 
        craft shows and fairs in california, oregon, washington, nevada and arizona. 
the crafts fair guide reviews 
        approximately 1,000 arts and craft shows occurring throughout the west. several thousand 
        reviewers - craftspeople like yourself - send us a total of over 10,000 individual 
        evaluations each year. the crafts fair guide compiles those evaluations into a format 
        that gives you the information you need to make the right choices about which fairs to 
        select to maximize your sales and make sure you don't waste time at the wrong 
        crafts shows.


 


craft show reviews

30-day money back guarantee


 

only $45 / year (4 issues) gives you the information 
        you need to attend the most profitable craft shows and skip the duds.  you can read 
        reviews from attendees from the previous year's fair and see how many people rated the fair, 
        their crafts, and their ratings...more

the crafts fair guide is unconditionally guaranteed for 30 days.
        if you are not completely satisfied with your order, simply return the order for an unconditional money back guarantee, up to 30 days from receipt of your order. no questions asked, no hard feelings."
          order now


 


 
        what readers say:

artist showcase


 


 
        "reading the guide is like sharing knowledge with 1,000 close   friends.  
    we’ve learned enough to double our income in just over a year.  thanks!" l.m.



"well, you’ve helped us find two more winning shows. thanks to the crafts fair guide, 
        we’ve now got the confidence to quit our day jobs and go full time next season."


  announcing a new feature!
we are proud to highlight the work of some of the great artists and 
    craftspeople who want to showcase their crafts on this site.
please visit our 
    artist showcase section to see these featured artists.
if you are an artist and would like to learn 
    how to get your site listed, please click here.


 


sample reviews



arts & craft show listings


 

after a show occurs, it is reviewed. 
        you’ll find all the information you’ll need to decide whether or not the show is for you. 
        information for the upcoming year follows the review.

        see a sample craft show review of arts and craft show listings from a recent issue 
        of our guide, including a detailed explanation of the information that you will find in the 
        crafts fair guide.
 click here 
        to see the sample.

listing of reviewed 
        arts & 
        craft shows
if you want to learn about the upcoming arts & craft show 
        schedules on the west coast, we cover over 1000 shows.  
click to see a list of
        arts and craft shows we review.  







home  |  
about us  |  
contact 
us  |  testimonials  |  
upcoming craft shows  |  
sample review  |  
evaluation form  |  
subscribe 
the crafts fair guide  p.o. box 39429  downey, ca 90239-0429 415-924-3259 (no cal) or 562-869-5882 (so cal)
email: 
info@craftsfairguide.com
   ©copyright 2006 by craftmaster enterprises
find good sites at gimpsy

