





 























high performance flooring | sherwin-williams












 





















































join our email list
gain exclusive insights into new products, industry trends, events, webinars, and more!





























by submitting this form, i am agreeing to receive updates, special offers, and other information from sherwin-williams and its affiliated companies.
                              we value your privacy.



sign up

no thanks


                        please enter your email address
                     

                        please confirm privacy policy
                     
































            high performance flooring
        
solutions for your industry












                quicklinks




search data sheet
search for a product data sheet by product name, fill rex, smis, upc or sales code.

























                       
                            
                            resinous flooring webinar series
                        
                    

explore our upcoming and archived webinars.





















                       
                            
                            flooring visualizer
                        
                    

try our new visualizer and see the floor before you pour!














featured innovation












introducing accelera® one - advanced clear grout and topcoat technology
the only product of its kind on the market today, new accelera one offers rapid curing, extended workability, convenient application and superior chemical and sterilant resistance. designed for use as the clear grout and topcoat for decorative flake and quartz flooring systems, it meets the rigorous demands of commercial and institutional environments, including those found in biopharma and life science facilities. accelera one's unique chemistry delivers an unmatched combination of benefits, easy handling and industry-leading performance.
visit the accelera one resource page


















                       
                            
                            watch the accelera one overview video
                        
                    

learn about this cutting-edge coating innovation.




















                       
                            
                            read the accelera one press release
                        
                    

see the august 2024 press release about this exciting new product.




















                       
                            
                            see the accelera one product data sheet (pds)
                        
                    

go to the downloadable pds for product details.












featured tool
















                    new flooring visualizer makes customization easy

                    discover how this new online tool allows you to create personalized flake, quartz and even terrazzo blends, envision how a floor will look in your space and even order samples.







start visualizing



















                       
                            
                            watch the flooring visualizer overview video
                        
                        






















                       
                            
                            read the flooring visualizer press release
                        
                        













skip carousel content

discover more
industry expertise and innovation
find latest news, industry thought leadership and product information.





case study






pharmaceutical facility installed with resuscreed deco quartz tg





















video






we are sherwin-williams high performance flooring
























            ​
            
            ​
            
























                       
                            
                            we are part of sherwin-williams protective & marine
                        
                    

sherwin-williams high performance flooring is part of sherwin-williams protective & marine, which delivers world-class industry subject matter expertise, unparalleled technical and specification service, and unmatched regional commercial team support to our customers across a variety of industry segments.


visit protective & marine website 




























sample(s) added to cart

continue shopping








quantity: 

quantity: 






color limit reached
add to cart error


close






























