














     home
     products
     tech info
     dealers
     software
     about us
     faq
     documents


 
welcome to loki research
home of the most reliable hobby rocket motors made.
click the "products" tabs to the left to enter the webstore.
 


at loki research, we have worked very hard over the years to create, improve and deliver the very best quality of products possible to our customers.  this work has taken us a great deal of time and effort.  it has all come at a higher cost, but as the saying goes, you get what you pay for. in the end the results are very clear.  you will not find a comparable product with higher reliability and quality in a hobby high power rocket motor than with loki research products.  ask around and look at the success of the many large and small projects we have been a part of over the years and you will see for yourself. loki research makes the most reliable rocket motors you can buy, period.  search the website https://www.motorcato.org/search and you will find the lowest number of failures with loki research rocket motors.
 
all 38/1200 reloads are now sold as plugged motors with tracking smoke only.  
no delay time or motor ejection.
38/1200 reloads may still be used with delay/ejection style bulkheads without drilling the delay, but the plugged bulkhead will guarantee no delay blow-by failures.
 

newly certified n-5500 loki white test below.

 
 
 
all non-hobby/non-certified motors for universities and all "research" products, supplies and components must be purchased directly from loki research.
all hobby certified hardware and reloads may be purchased thru this website or they may be purchased "on-site" through an exclusive loki research dealer if you have one in your area.  
see the dealer tab to the left for more information.
 


 
 
a huuuge thanks to jerry briggs of urrg for an excellent job done building and finishing the beautiful loki research rocket below.
 
 
 




all
portions of the lokiresearch.com web site are copyrighted 2002 by loki
research and should not be reproduced anywhere without permission.




