


computoredge onine












 

 



autohotkey


"absolutely the best free windows utility
software ever!"








free
autohotkey downloads

download the free autohotkey e-books
why
autohotkey? and autohotkey
tricks
you ought to do with windows! available in epub,
amazon
mobi, and pdf formats. get all three!
 

download free autohotkey scripts and
apps for
learning and generating ideas at  the computoredge autohotkey scripts page.
includes
descriptions for
each script.
 



 





 *         
*         
*


computoredge online is now dedicated to
the free windows
scripting language autohotkey,
which should be a part of every windows user's computing. it is the
single most powerful and flexible tool for anyone who regularly uses
windows
computers. not only does it quickly and easily add valuable features to
all of your windows programs, but it keeps your brain nimble as you
create and build new innovative ways to make your life simpler.

if you've ever considered learning more about computers or
developing programming skills, then there is no easier way to get
started than autohotkey. for example, using only one line in a notepad
file, you can
instantly add a shortcut for entering your e-mail address anywhere.
(see
this introductory page!)

"while it's simple
to get
started, autohotkey has the power to write full-blown apps, such as
those shown on our autohotkey apps page. what starts
with a few
simple hotkeys and
hotstrings soon expands into an addiction—at least it has for me."

   
—jack dunning







see these dedicated computoredge autohotkey pages

*         
*         
*
for
getting
started with autohotkey






• introduction
to autohotkey: a review and guide for
beginners
for those wondering if autohotkey is right for them, this beginning
autohotkey page gives an overview of the free windows scripting
language with examples of how it can help any windows user.








• autohotkey versus autoit:
"a
comparison and review of the free windows scripting languages"
not sure which free windows scripting language (autoit or its offspring
autohotkey) suits you best? they each have their own advantages. check
out this side-by-side review of capabilities.








• installing autohotkey and
writing
your
first script
ready to get started with autohotkey? here is a quick start tutorial to
get you up and running within minutes.








• "what the various built-in
autohotkey
graphic pop-up windows
look like!"
while the online autohotkey documentation tells you everything you need
to know about
the autohotkey graphic user interface (gui) window controls (pop-up
images), it doesn't show how they look. take a glance at what they look
like and how to use them. this introductory page may spark some ideas.





















free
autohotkey
scripts










• free autohotkey scripts and
apps for
learning and generating ideas
we've accumulated a number of autohotkey scripts which demonstrate the
various features of the free windows utility language. described on
this page, downloads are offered for each one free.








• add autocorrection to all
your
windows pc programs with autohotkey
unlike most other autocorrect features, the autohotkey autocorrect app
works
in any windows program or web page editing field. easy to modify and
tailor to your needs, this universal script offers many must-have tools
to every windows user.

*         
*         
*

tip:
autohotkey is great for instant
correction of commonly misspelled words,but fixing grammar problems is
not so easy. for that try the free version
of grammarly proofreader
and grammar corrector. (note: grammarly is a computoredge software partner.)
*         
*         
*









autohotkey
appointment reminder app how-to
this page specifically addresses the reminder app written in autohotkey
code. its iterations demonstrates a number of different capabilities.








 autohotkey
quicklinks menu app
jack uses this autohotkey quicklinks script on a regular basis. he no
longer needs to search for favorite web sites or needed programs. a
click of the first special mouse button (xbutton1) pops up
the menu which
directly lauches his most used sites and apps.








• computoredge autohotkey
download page
since dropbox has become so unreliable as a download page, the autohotkey apps page does double
duty as the
download page. 








download
and share
the free books
whyautohotkey? and
autohotkey
tricks!
also
available free
on
amazon!
tell a
friend!



   

 






   
  





how
autohotkey works
 







•
how autohotkey processes a script
debuggng scripts often requires an understanding of how autohotkey
processes a file. sometimes simply moving code to the proper location
in a script fixes the problem. this page (plus the series beginner’s
guide to how autohotkey scripts work found at jack's
autohotkey blog) offers indepth discussion about how
autohotkey
does things. 







• introduction to regular
expressions
(regex) in autohotkey (more
advanced topic)
regular
expressions
(regex) offer power and flexibility to your scripts, but may give you a
brain sprain. this introduction may help you decide whether or not to
add regex to your autohotkey toolbelt. 
 








other topics








•
best free windows utility software
in addition to autohotkey (jack's favorite), there are a number of
other free windows programs which will make your computing life easier.
check these out!








•
free software for reading e-books on your
computer
reading e-books on your computer or other device has never been easier.
if you don't already own a free ereader, then take a look at these
programs.








•
how to download and read free e-books
no internet connection required when using e-books. plus, many free
offerings can be found. learn more about how to read e-books with your
computer or other device.








•
kindle fire versus the apple ipad
while the amazon kindle uses a special format, the kindle fire can be
used with most e-book formats. see this review for a comparison between
the kindle fire and apple ipad.









jack's
autohotkey blog




my
obsession with
autohotkey has me
writing a regular blog (at least
once or twice a week). i'm now
working with a wordpress
blogging site
to continue my autohotkey work. the best part is that wordpress is free
and
easy to use. i spend my time digging into the details of various
aspects of autohotkey script writing.

i've already explored the expanding topic of "beginning hotstring techniques"
and am currently
working through a series on the alternative ways to
work with hotkeys. i added a couple more
useful autohotkey regular expression (regex)
examples (with more planned to expand on the book a
beginner's guide
to using regular expressions in autohotkey), and
will
continue wherever the varied
paths take me.

while i'm doing a series of blogs on autohotkey topics, if there
is something
that you want
to see, then either leave a comment on the blog or drop me a line at
this special
e-mail address.
i will do my best to answer as promptly as possible.
.
*         
*         
*

computoredge
online is an
autohotkey site exploring the use of the free open source
scripting language in all versions of windows. the goal of computoredge
is to help new autohotkey users to develop scripts for their windows
computers which will enhance their
windows experience and make them more productive.

if you have windows computers and don't use autohotkey, you should.
it's not that hard and offers tremendous benefits. plus, it's free.





from wally wang:

when computoredge
closed
down the weekly magazine, many people have asked if
i'll
continue writing somewhere else. for those who want to follow the
impact of the latest innovations from apple and other technology
companies, you can read my commentary at www.topbananas.com.
if you want to follow my thoughts on the e-book market, visit www.electronicauthor.com.
if you're interested in what i'm doing with ios programming, visit www.gamesforgeeks.com.
finally, if you're just interested in my story-telling and
screenwriting ideas, visit www.15minutemoviemethod.com,
if you like cats,
visit www.catdailynews.com,
and if you want to read my humorous writings, visit www.wallacewang.com.

free
software
•
best free windows utility
software
review

autohotkey
books
from computoredge e-books 

autohotkey tricks you ought to do with
windows!
this e-book includes both many tips
and the reference material (table of contents and indexes) from the
other five autohotkey books. now in its third edition and free!
how
to get it free!

*                    *                    *


*                    *                    *

this
beginner's
guide to
using regular expressions in autohotkey
is not a beginning level autohotkey book, but an introduction to using
regular expressions in autohotkey (or most other programming
languages). to get the most from this book you should already have a
basic understanding of autohotkey (or another programming language).
regular expressions (regex) are a powerful way to search and alter
documents without the limitations of most of the standard matching
functions. at first, the use of regex can be confusing and mysterious.
this book clears up the confusion with easy analogies for understanding
how regex works and examples of practical autohotkey applications.
"regular expressions in autohotkey" will take you to the next level in
autohotkey scripting while adding more flexibility and power to your
windows apps. (this book is available
at amazon.com) 


jack was the publisher of computoredge
magazine.
he's been was with the magazine since first issue on may 16, 1983. back
then, it was called the byte buyer. his web site is
www.computoredge.com.
he can be reached at 
.
e-books currently available:

autohotkey introductory and overview book, autohotkey tricks you ought to do with window,
available at computoredge e-books in the epub for e-readers
and tablets, mobi for kindle, and pdf for printing formats.

 hidden windows tools for protecting, problem
solving
and troubleshooting windows 8, windows 7, windows vista, and windows xp
computers.

 windows 7 secrets four-in-one e-book bundle,
 getting started with windows 7: an
introduction,
orientation, and how-to for using windows 7,
sticking with windows xp—or not? why you
should or why
you should not upgrade to windows 7,
and that does not compute!,
brilliantly drawn
cartoons by jim whiting for really stupid gags by jack about computers
and the people who use them. 




www.computoredge.com




