










the pitch small business plan competition - renasant center for ideas, tupelo, mississippi






































about us


welcome to the cdf website!
cdf is the local chamber of commerce for tupelo, mississippi and the economic development organization for tupelo/lee county, mississippi


learn more about cdf

how we help
how we are led
cdf history overview
tupelotogether.com



corporate division

board of directors
press releases
cdf staff page
council of governments
wellspring project/toyota



community development foundation

398 east main st, tupelo, ms 38804phone: 662-842-4521email: info@cdfms.org
> press releases 



















 

 


chamber


join the chamber!
hear from other local businesses on why you should #joincdf and become a member of the tupelo chamber of commerce. check it out!


tupelochamber.com

chamber home
maximize your membership
chamber faqs
quality of life
relocation information



get involved in the chamber!

leadership opportunities
networking opportunities
ambassadors
the cdf newsletter





membership application
cdf events
membership directory
chamber advantage


 


economic development


featured building
shell building 4 in the turner industrial park. 100,000 sq ft. see building


more and better jobs

economic development home
available sites
available buildings
talent & workforce
key industries
existing industries





small business potential | renasant center for ideas
planning & property development
taxes incentives
ed team



featured site

site a1 in the hive | 22.6 acre green field site located on mississippi highway 76 | see the site

 


information


data library


press releases


cdf staff


privacy policy









































as a way to stimulate our community's entrepreneurial spirit, this competition - to be held april through june 2025 - is a rigorous and thorough process determining who's serious about beginning or growing a business and who's not.
participants will learn the basics of writing a business plan as well as learning tools to work on their business.
registration begins wednesday, april 2, 2025 and ends on friday, may 2, 2025. the pitch occurs on june 16, 2025 at 398 e main st., tupelo.




step1


read all rules and information below concerning this year's pitch competition to determine if you qualify and would like to be considered for the pitch 2025. participants must be a start-up with an idea or a have an existing small business that is 2 years old or less that they want to grow.
record your video presentation of you giving your pitch.




step2


fill out the online application [application has closed] before the deadline on may 2, 2025, at midnight (the application includes a place to provide a link to your video or you may select for us to send you a link to upload your video to us).those that are selected will be notified the week after the deadline.
judging will be based on the business information you provide in the application and your pre-recorded video presentation. judges for the competition will include angel investors and select entrepreneurs.




step3


if selected, you will then work with a chosen mentor during the time period of three sessions to be prepared for the pitch on monday, june 16, 2025 (public is invited) where entrepreneurs will have an opportunity to pitch their venture to a panel of judges, which includes select entrepreneurs, investors, and entrepreneurial service providers, and win cash and in-kind service-based prizes.
you will then pitch in person to a panel of judges where winners will be chosen.
winners and participants will also have the opportunity to be selected to take part in the cobuilders.




 




 

cdf & the renasant center for ideas have partnered with cobuilders accelerator to help strengthen their mission with startups and entrepreneurs in our area.
participants in the final pitch on june 16, may have the opportunity to be chosen for cobuilders - a 12-week intensive and structured program designed to accelerate the growth of qualifying startup companies in the state of mississippi. up to 10 companies will be selected statewide to enter the upcoming third cohort.
companies cannot apply for the 12-week cobuilders cohort directly; the road to cobuilders starts with a local partner and the pitch is the local partner in the tupelo, mississippi area. to fuel the event and ensure a statewide scope, innovate mississippi is contracting with 8 regional partners throughout the state to identify, develop & support their best startups through regional pitch events. each partner may have different criteria for their event, but for each there will be an opportunity to win cash prizes and highlight your business to the community. after all events have concluded, the partners and the innovate team will select the companies that will be the best fit for the main cohort.





presenting sponsor: wtva
gold sponsor:  hyperion technology group



who can help you get started?


questions about the pitch? questions about how to submit your video?








judd wilson
community development foundation
senior vice president chamber of commerce













daron pitts
community development foundation
vice president of marketing and digital solutions

















the community development foundation is a membership-based organization serving to advance the community through partnerships and growth initiatives for more than 70 years. we are the local chamber of commerce for tupelo, mississippi and serve as the economic development organization for tupelo/lee county, mississippi.



chamber

joincdf
membership application
membership directory
membership benefits
all cdf events
chamber connection



economic development

available buildings
available sites
renasant center for ideas



about us

how we help
how we are led
history & overview
tupelotogether.com



information

staff
data library
press releases
privacy policy
sitemap










1100
1,100+

cdf members



132
$132m

investment in 2023





click here to subscribe to the cdf chamber connection 2.0 newsletter sent the third tuesday of the month featuring news, event info & member to member information.
phone: 662-842-4521email:  info@cdfms.org mail:  398 e main st., tupelo, ms 38804
 







                
                copyright © 2025 cdf ms. all rights reserved. site by chase computer services, inc.
















































