

konjac foods - pure fiber zero calories pasta












menu
close


home


konjac fiber


konjac noodles


konjac oat noodles


konjac oat fruit fiber noodles


shop now




















order online  









home


konjac fiber


konjac noodles


konjac oat noodles


konjac oat fruit fiber noodles


shop now









zero calories
konjac shirataki noodles
gluten free, grain free, zero net carb

shop now








 view all products

konjac online catalog






konjac blog


konjac latest article





zinc deficiency and chronic conditions: understanding the connection





konjac and celiac disease





konjac- the magic fiber





konjac glucomannan - a very good food for gut bacteria





the role of soluble fiber and gut health





the things that harm your gut bacterial





importance of good gut bacteria
















organic:

japan certified organic
pure vegetable
gluten free
wheat free
soy free
pure soluble fiber,
zero calories
no preservatives
no artificial colors
no artificial flavors
shelf life one year at room temperature (don't need refrigeration)





12 different shape:

angel hair
rigatoni
fettuccine
spaghetti
linguine
lasagne
thin noodles
mini pearls
ditalini
tiny pasta
penne
orzo
tortilla





9 type dietary fiber:

konjac fiber
konjac oat fiber
konjac oat fruit fiber :
apple fiber
blueberry fiber
cranberry fiber
grape fiber
plum fiber
raspberry fiber
blackberry fiber










konjac shirataki noodles

konjac shirataki noodles, is made out of konjac fiber and water and has
            zero calories.
konjac shirataki noodles is a traditional japanese food, and is very popular
            in japan
european union efsa (european food safety authority) approved konjac glucomannan
            (konjac root fiber) for weight loss claims.
konjac fiber is a water soluble fiber called glucomannan. according medical
            research, the higher the viscosity of the soluble fiber is, the better
            to control blood sugar level. konjac fiber is the most viscosity soluble
            fiber in nature and is very good for people with diabetes.
konjac fiber is one of the best probiotics and helps feed good bacteria
            and balances the gut bacteria. losing gut bacteria balance can cause many
            chronic diseases, such as celiac disease, inflammatory bowel disease, obesity,
            cancer, depression, and autism.
konjac noodles have zero carbs, which is good for the keto diet, south
            beach diet, atkin diet, and all kind low carb diet.
konjac noodles have zero calories, which is perfect for the weight watcher
            diet and the volumetric diet.
konjac fiber can improves blood-lipid profiles and lower systolic blood
            pressure, which is perfect for the dash diet.
konjac noodles is an allergy free food. if you are concerned about all
            kinds allergies, it is almost impossible to find any allergies with konjac.
common allergy foods include milk, eggs, nuts, wheat, shellfish, and soy.
            konjac noodles contain none of these, it is an allergy free food and good
            for people with all kinds allergies, perfect for elimination diet.










konjac oat noodles
zero calories, contain both konjac fiber and oat fiber, easy to absorb
                flavor (us patent pending 61718972)
konjac tree mainly grows in the south west china mountain range, where
                pandas live. the root of the konjac tree is full of fiber, which can be
                used to make konjac foods.
read more



















konjac - the future health foods for today

konjac noodles is made out of 3% konjac fiber, and 97% water. konjac is
              gluten free, wheat free, grain free, soy free, sugar free, allergy free...
              konjac fiber is a water soluble fiber, which is a perfect prebiotics, which
              can feed good gut bacteria and help balance the gut bacteria.
              



read more





what are konjac foods?
konjac glucomannan (kgm) is a water-soluble dietary fiber derived from
          the root of the konjac plant. konjac foods, also called
          shirataki nooldesin japan, made from konjac glucomannan, are traditional chinese foods
          with a history spanning over two thousand years. referred to as moyu or
          juruo in china, and konnyaku or shirataki noodles in japan, konjac foods
          are a popular health food in the asian markets.








konjac foods - shirataki noodles ....

are naturally water soluble fiber with no fat, sugar, starch, or protein.
contain zero net carbohydrates and zero calories.
are wheat and gluten free.
pure vegetable
can be stored in the room temperature for about one year. don't need refrigeration
jas (japan agricultural standard) cetified organic
are translucent and gelatinous, with no flavor of their own - they easily
                  absorb the dominant flavors of any soup or dish.
are instant and come in a variety of styles and shapes - you can simply
                  toss salsa with konjac instant pasta for a quick meal










benefits and nutritional information about konjac
medical and clinical information on konjac 















what are konjac foods
traditional konjac foods are made by first mashing the konjac root then
                      boiling the mash in limewater.
read more











how to cook konjac foods
konjac foods are packaged in water, making it an instant wet food. the
                      easiest way to prepare konjac is by draining.
read more











what is the konjac plant
the konjac plant belongs to the genus amorphophallus. the botanical name
                      of the plant is amorphophallus konjac.
read more











history of konjac foods
cultures in east asia have used konjac fiber for more than fifteen hundred
                      years. china is the major growing region.
read more











how are konjac foods made?
konjac foods can easily be made by mixing konjac flour with limewater.
                      when this mixture is boiled, a gel forms.
read more











how to make konjac noodles at home
pour 2 cups of cold water into a large cooking pot. stir in a 1/8 teaspoon
                      of
                      pickling limeor baking powder for one minutes.
read more











what are konjac shirataki?
shirataki noodles, as they are known in japan, are made from konjac, calorie
                      free and consist of pure fiber.
read more











how are shirataki noodles
shirataki noodles is a wet food packed in water. as an instant food shirataki
                      can be consumed without cooking.
read more











what do shirataki noodles
konjac shirataki noodles are tasteless. the benefit of a tasteless noodle
                      is the ability to add your own favorite.
read more











what is the shelf life of konjac
konjac noodles produced by konjac brands (konjacfoods.com) has a shelf
                      life of one year at room temperature.
read more











how is konjac flour (konjac powder) made?
the konjac plant can live up to 5 years. however, during its third year
                      of growth the konjac root matures.
read more











the nutrition and health benefit
the konjac root is highly rich in positive vitamins, minerals and fiber.
                      besides its most beneficial nutritional.
read more











konjac foods - rich calcium
konjac foods are made from glucomannan fiber and calcium hydroxide. being
                      rich in calcium, when the konjac.
read more











konjac foods is an alkaline
konjac powder is a very alkaline food. below you will find a list of alkaline
                      foods that are commonly.
read more











konjac foods for weight
because glucomannan can absorb up to 200 times its weight in water, it
                      has been used as a dietary supplement.
read more











konjac foods as a natural
soluble fiber helps in treating constipation, soluble fiber absorbs water
                      making the feces softer and this promotes.
read more











konjac - benefits for people
konjac fiber is a very strong alkaline food. as discussed before and demonstrated
                      on the ph value list within this article,
read more











konjac foods for people with
soluble fiber is the single greatest dietary aid for preventing irritable
                      bowel syndrome symptoms in the first place,
read more











konjac foods for people
as medical research has demonstrated, the higher the viscosity of soluble
                      fiber, the better the ability to control.
read more











konjac glucomannan
glucomannan fiber works in a similar manner to other water-soluble fibers.
                      it is able to attach itself to bile.
read more











what is the best way to control
konjac glucomannan fiber, the most viscosity soluble fiber, it is the
                      most effective soluble fiber.
read more











konjac glucomannan fiber use
konjac glucomannan fiber must be combined with enough water as directed.
                      for this, it is always recommended
read more











what are the specifications
konjac glucomannan fiber is a water-soluble dietary fiber that is derived
                      from the konjac root.
read more











health benefits of the konjac
soluble fibers such as glucomannan have many health-promoting benefits
                      due to their ability to form a soft gel with water.
read more














konjac tree
konjac is a kind of plant that can live upto 3 years long, it mostly grows
            in the southwest china mountainious region, the same beautiful area where
            pandas live, konjac plant has a very nice flower and fruit. the konjac
            root (tube) is rich of glucomannan fiber, 40-60% dried konjac root is glucomannan
            fiber.





konjac root fiber
konjac fiber has the highest viscosity soluble fiber in nature, according
            to medical research, the higher the viscosity, the better to control blood
            sugar levels. konjac fiber is the best soluble fiber for people with diabetes
            that want to control blood sugar level naturally.











how is konjac glucomannan unique from other soluble fiber? 





konjac glucomannan is the most viscosity soluble fiber in nature - it
                    forms an extremely viscous solution.
konjac glucomannan has the highest molecular weight of any dietary fiber
                    known to science - molecular weight is between 200,000-2,000,000 daltons.
konjac glucomannan has the highest water holding capacity of any soluble
                    fiber - up to 100 times its own water weight.
konjac glucomannan can form either a reversible or a thermo-non-reversible
                    gel.

 kojac glucomannan (kgm) molecules structure
read more







what are the health benefits of soluble fiber? 




the us food and drug administration has approved food manufacturer use of the following information on product labels:

diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol that include fruits, vegetables, and grain products, which also contain fiber (particularly soluble fiber), may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease. 
diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol that include 3g of soluble fiber from whole oats per day may reduce the risk of heart disease. 
a low-fat diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains containing fiber, particularly soluble fiber, may lower blood cholesterol levels, reduce the risk of heart diseases, and possibly prevent some types of cancer. 
diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol that include a daily intake of soluble fiber from whole oats or psyllium seed may reduce the risk of heart disease.
the american dietetic association recommends that people consume 20 to 35 grams of fiber per day, of which 5 to 10 grams should be soluble fiber. however, americans typically average only about 12 to 17 grams of total fiber and only 3 to 4 grams of soluble fiber a day - about half the recommended amount.
read more







how does soluble fiber work? 




soluble fiber is the only known food component that will lower blood cholesterol when you add more to your diet. foods high in soluble fiber help prevent sugar from rising too high after meals by keeping food in the stomach longer. sugar is absorbed more slowly, preventing free fatty acids and triglycerides from rising too high after meals. free fatty acids bind to insulin receptors and prevent insulin from doing its job of driving sugar from the bloodstream into cells. in addition, soluble fiber does the following:

 it binds to fat in the intestines, preventing some fat absorption. 
 it dissolves fluids in the large intestine and forms a gel that binds with bile acids in the intestines. as a result, the liver converts more cholesterol to bile acids, and blood cholesterol levels are reduced. 
 it slows digestion and the absorption of nutrients, resulting in a slow and steady release of glucose from accompanying carbohydrates. 
 it soaks up excess bile acids found in the intestinal tract - the same acids that are converted into blood cholesterol. 
 it delays stomach emptying, triggering satiety (a feeling of fullness) that can be helpful in people with type 2 diabetes trying to achieve weight loss goals.
read more







soluble fiber intake & type 2 diabetes mellitus: the research 




research proves that the higher the viscosity of soluble fiber, the better the control of blood sugar level in patients with type 2 diabetes:

the new england journal of medicine (may 11, 2000. v342: 1392-1398)
 beneficial effects of high dietary fiber intake in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
 "a high intake of dietary fiber, particularly of the soluble type,
                  above the level recommended by the ada, improves glycemic control, decreases
                  hyperinsulinemia, and lowers plasma lipid concentrations in patients with
                  type 2 diabetes " 


clin excell nurse pract.(september 2000; 4 (5): 272-6)
dietary fiber and type 2 diabetes.
 "water-soluble fiber appears to have a greater potential to reduce
                  postprandial blood glucose, insulin, and serum lipid levels than insoluble
                  fiber. viscosity of the dietary fiber is important; the greater the viscosity,
                  the greater the effect. "


med hypotheses. (june 2002; (6): 487-90)
 glucomannan minimizes the postprandial insulin surge: a potential adjuvant for hepatothermic therapy. 
 "glucomannan (gm) is differentiated from other soluble fibers by
                  the extraordinarily high viscosity of gm solutions. administration of 4-5g
                  of gm with meals, blended into fluid or mixed with food, can slow carbohydrate
                  absorption and dampen the postprandial insulin response by up to 50%. "


diabetes care (1999 jun v22, i6; 913-919) 
 konjac-mannan (glucomannan) improves glycemia and other associated risk factors for coronary heart disease in type 2 diabetes. a randomized controlled metabolic trial. 
 "kjm fiber added to conventional treatment may ameliorate glycemic
                  control, blood lipid profile, and sbp in high-risk diabetic individuals,
                  possibly improving the effectiveness of conventional treatment in type
                  2 diabetes "
pdf format


diabetes care (2000; 23: 9 - 14) 
  beneficial effects of viscous dietary fiber from konjac-mannan in subjects with the insulin resistance syndrome: results of a controlled metabolic trial.
 "a diet rich in high-viscosity kjm improves glycemic control and
                  lipid profile, suggesting a therapeutic potential in the treatment of the
                  insulin resistance syndrome. "
pdf format


journal of the american college of nutrition (2003, february, 22(1): 36-42)
 konjac supplement alleviated hypercholesterolemia and hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetic subjects--a randomized double-blind trial.
 "the kgm supplement improved blood lipid levels by enhancing fecal
                  excretion of neutral sterol and bile acid and alleviated the elevated glucose
                  levels in diabetic subjects. kgm could be an adjunct for the treatment
                  of hyperlipidemic diabetic subjects. "
read more







are there natural food sources of soluble fiber? 




 soluble fiber is found in oats, oatmeal, oat bran, beans, legumes, barley, citrus fruits, and psyllium. it can also be found in gums, including; konjac gum, vegetable gum, pectin, guar gum and gum arabic. but generally, most have only a small percentage soluble fiber. oat bran contains the highest level of soluble fiber, about 14%. all other grains contain much less. in comparison, fresh konjac contains an average of 13% dry matter, of which 64% is glucomannan, making glucomannan the richest soluble fiber resource in nature. 
read more






how can konjac glucomannan powder be used? 





drink it with water:
 three times daily before each meal, briskly stir one level teaspoon konjac powder (about 4 gram) in 1 cup water, drink immediatly before the begins to gel.


 use it as thickener:
  like cornstarch, but with 10 times the viscosity, konjac glucomannan powder thickens sauces, gravies, puddings and pie fillings without affecting taste. 
 konjac glucomannan is easy to use, dissolving easily into hot or cold liquids. 
read more







can konjac pasta be made at home? 




in addition to buying konjac foods in the super market or online, you can them make them yourself. you can easily prepare konjac foods at home using the following simple recipe:

ingredients

2 teaspoon of glucomannan (contains 6 grams of soluble fiber.) 
1/8 teaspoon of pickling lime, a food grade calcium hydroxide.

procedure:
pour 2 cups of cold water into a pot. stir in a 1/8 teaspoon of pickling lime. then, add 2 teaspoon of konjac glucomannan powder, stirring continuously to a boil. boil the mixture for about 3 minutes. remove from heat. a thermally stable (non-reversible) gel is formed once the mixture cools down. cut gel into small pieces, dip in water or steam about 3-5 minutes and then cook in the way you like. 
read more







how is konjac pasta prepared? 




 konjac pasta can be boiled or cooked with vegetables, meat, or seafood. it can then be tossed with sauces, vinegar, hot salsa, or ingredients like pepper, onion, or garlic. to prepare konjac pasta, simply dip it in water for 3-5 minutes, and then prepare it any way you like. 
read more











konjac and clinical disease

konjac foods for people with diabetes
konjac foods for people with hyperacidity


konjac health benefit

benefits and nutritional information about konjac
health benefits of the konjac glucomannan fiber








konjac foods is an alkaline food: helping to balance your body's ph








the nutrition and health benefit of konjac foods



about us

about konjac foods




konjac knowledge

about konjac glucomannan(kgm)
history of konjac foods
konjac foods made by soluble fiber - glucomannan
konjac glucomannan powder (konjac root fiber)
the low carb thickener - konjac flour
what are konjac foods?
what are konjac shirataki noodles?
what is the konjac plant?


konjac recipe

konjac shirataki noodles recipes




konjac q&a

how is konjac flour (konjac powder) made?
how to cook konjac foods?
how to make konjac foods (shirataki noodles or konnyaku) myself?
how to make konjac noodles at home?
konjac shirataki noodles recipes


konjac medical research

medical and clinical information on konjac



konjac product

konjac oat noodles
konjac glucomannan powder
konjac angel hair pasta









copyright â© 2002 ~ 2017 konjacfoods.com 












