






travel, leisure and a devouring passion!

































destinations
tourism trends
travel trends
trendy holidays




 




travel destination
which destination   would you choose for your first trip ? 






travel agency
how and which one to choose?

choosing a travel agency is never easy. the number of providers offering tailor-made trips is constantly increasing and the choice is becoming more and more complicated.
in order to choose your travel agency correctly, you must follow your instincts. it is also preferable to consult people’s opinion on the internet. more on destinationtips.org.


 







going away on weekends
where to travel ?
are you dreaming of going on a solo trip, off the beaten track or do you prefer to visit tourist or paradisiacal sites? it’s up to you !




 
romantic destinations
for a romantic stay, you have to find the perfect moment but also the perfect place. among these destinations, there are paris, venice and all the other romantic destinations where you can declare your love and share intimate and pleasant moments.


 
best beaches
from brazil to morocco, through kenya, zanzibar, thailand, japan and india, there is no shortage of heavenly beaches. sea lovers will experience the joy of admiring the horizon.





 
historic cities
experience the pleasure of taking a trip back in time by visiting historic cities and old cities.


 
trekking and hiking
hiking, trekking, nordic walking, hiking or trail… the ultimate walking trip! tours and itineraries to walk in the heart of nature and travel by foot.







travel themes
the most popular trips

travel destinations, tourist sites, historical monuments… travel makes it possible to live an extraordinary adventure.





cruises



travel with your family



go on a safari




travel off the beaten track



sport and adventure




honeymoon travel



urban travel



cultural travel







exceptional travel
tailor-made luxury travel and high-end stays

charming hotels, chalets, castles, palaces, private chauffeur, top-class services, exclusive activities… top-of-the-range stays at preferential rates in luxurious accommodation with spa, swimming pool… for maximum comfort.
since we know that one of the main factors based on which people choose their accommodation is internet access, we suggest you avoid unpleasant surprises – for instance a bad internet speed or even the absence of wifi – by equipping yourself with the right tools to stay connected. these can be found at my-webspot, the number one provider of pocket wifi for your travel!
find practical advice and inspiration to prepare your luxury trip which suits your needs. scuba diving, travel in the mountains, skiing, going to fancy restaurant ….


 





backpack traveller
inspirations and original travel ideas

inspirations and original travel ideas: ideas for tours, tips and tricks to find the trip that suits you.




 

hotels and restaurants
apartment rental, seasonal rental, guest house, hotel room… everything you need to book your holiday renting.


 

leisure and activities
everybody has his own passion and tempo on vacation. a whole selection of leisure activities, relaxation and other little pleasures: guided tours, walks in the gardens and national parks, amusement parks…


 

flights and transport
train, bus or flight, prepare your trips easily. travel cheaper by booking both your flight tickets and your hotel room. advice on how to travel at a lower cost to a paradise island or a charming city.











travel tips adopt the right reflexes before and during your trip to save time and money. 



america and the caribbean 
 brazil
 mexico
 costa rica
 guadeloupe




europe
 italy
 france
 portugal
 spain


asia
 india
 malaysia
 thailand
 singapore

















