


skydiving in virginia and washington dc | skydive orange




















































 



 




skydive orange

call us: (703) sky-dive
11269 hangar rd • orange, va 22960


book now
gifts

contact

 menu




 




skydive orange

 menu
home
prices

prices
book now
gift certificates


first time

first time
tandem skydiving
top of the morning tandem
tandem skydiving faq
video services
marriage proposals
customer reviews


learn

learn
aff
aff program reviews
learn to skydive faq


experienced

experienced
jump schedule
landing area & safety procedures
load organizers
paraloft
wingsuit training
ratings courses
helpful links


dropzone

dropzone
aircraft
facilities
news
events


local

local
directions
accommodations
attractions
restaurants


about

about
staff members
exhibition team
blog
photos
videos



home
first time
learn
experienced





 









virginia's #1 skydiving
come fly with us!
skydiving in va since 1977!

first time
book now















first time skydiving
tandem skydive from 2 miles above the earth securely attached to one of our highly experienced skydiving instructors. no prior experience required!







experienced skydivers
a spacious twin otter, modern facilities, awesome events, and incredible people - what more could a jumper ask for?









gift certificates
the.best.gift.ever. give them a gift they will never forget! a tandem skydiving gift certificate from skydive orange is the perfect way to celebrate life's most important milestones. 







learn to skydive
earn your skydiving license at skydive orange. our uspa certified skydiving instructors are the best in the industry and will help you develop the skills you need to skydive solo with confidence.






skydiver testimonials





 

kurt rosell – alexandria, va
alexandria, va
skydive orange was a fantastic place to get comfortable and learn all the skills necessary to skydive.









 

christine minaj
had the best experience here ever for my first skydiving adventure!









 

dave harris – south riding, va
south riding, va
 the instructors and coaches were incredibly competent, professional and fun to be around. 














welcome to skydive orange - skydiving in va since 1977!

skydive orange is northern virginia’s largest, most trusted tandem skydiving center. we are the #1 choice for tandem skydiving in virginia, maryland, and the washington d.c. area. we pride ourselves on providing world-class tandem skydiving, training, and sport skydiving to guests from all over the east coast.
skydive orange believes in the freedom to rise above. we provide extraordinary people with an outlet to push the limit of the human experience and challenge what is possible.
we possess all of the crucial ingredients to accomplish this: a strong focus on safety, friendly and experienced instructors, state of the art parachute equipment, the cleanest, most modern facilities, and the biggest airplanes in the state of virginia.
whether you’re a first time jumper or a veteran skydiver, skydive orange has something for you! so why wait any longer? come join us for an unforgettable adventure just a short drive from dc, fredericksburg, charlottesville, and richmond, va!
 












				5 days ago | general 
get ready for skydiving season

as the weather warms up and the skies clear, there’s one thing on every skydiver’s mind: jump season! whether you’re a licensed jumper eager to dust off your gear or […]

read









				2 weeks ago | general 
why skydiving is great for corporate groups

looking for a team-building activity that will leave your coworkers buzzing? forget boring seminars and take your “trust fall” activities to the next level with an actual freefall from 13,500 […]

read









				1 month ago | general 
why skydiving is the ultimate holiday bucket list gift

is skydiving a bucket list item? big time! many people include skydiving on their to-do list because it’s a life-changing experience that brings immeasurable joy, heaping helpings of inspiration and […]

read


 





the largest tandem skydiving center near northern virginia, washington d.c. and maryland.









contact info


11269 hangar rdorange, va 22960



(703) sky-dive



info@skydiveorange.com





skydiving near you


skydiving washington d.c.
skydiving richmond, va
skydiving morgantown, wv
skydiving fredericksburg, va
skydiving maryland






site info

contact
terms of use
privacy policy
sitemap






safety in skydiving

skydive orange is a member of the united states parachute association.







 







copyright © 2025, skydive orange, all rights reserved.


dropzone web design & marketing by beyond marketing, llc












book online now!
buy gift certificates
contact us


 call us @ (703) sky-dive
 11269 hangar rd • orange, va 22960 | direction tips
 monday: see office hours above | hours


 












we know! we hate popups too!but this is totally worth it, join our mailing list to receive the latest news and receive some irregular e-mails offering you some sweet skydiving deals!


















subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!






























 
