






exclusive premier las vegas wedding venue








































































 










 









phone: (702) 318-5683homewedding packages bypackage categoryall inclusive ceremony & reception packagesceremony only packagesreception only packageswedding locationsceremonly onlyheritage gardenlakeview chapelceremony & receptiongrand gardenheritage gardenswan gardenwaterfall gardenreception onlygrand atriumswan banquetlas vegas wedding venueslas vegas wedding packageswedding chapel packagesoutdoor wedding packagesgazebo wedding packageslake wedding packagesreception hall packagesall inclusive wedding packagesceremony & receptionceremony onlyreception onlywedding specialsspecial eventsall the infoceremony informationreception informationlas vegas wedding flowersbridal hair & makeupcatering for all inclusive wedding venueswedding photography & videographymarriage licenseswedding cake designsgallerygrand gardenheritage gardenswan gardenwaterfall gardenlakeview chapelgrand atriumswan banquetdownload brochuresceremony & receptionceremony onlyreception onlywaterfall gardenlakeview chapelblogcontactget in touchabout us
beautiful las vegas wedding venues – affordable ceremony & reception packages
our highly respected consultants can help you create your dream come true wedding day with one of our exceptional las vegas wedding packages.
more infoall inclusive packages – ceremony & reception

brides and grooms who select one of our outstanding las vegas all inclusive packages will have access to one of our gorgeous ceremony spaces, as well as an elegant reception hall.  additionally, couples can expect all the details of their wedding day to be taken care of for them – from the wedding music and flowers to the table linens and dj. additionally, we go all out and provide you with a romantic ceremony gazebo, a fabulous reception meal with a rose centerpiece on every table, a champaign toast, as well as popular drink selections with upgrade options, and of course, an exquisite wedding cake, and more.
ceremony & reception infoceremony only packages
always & forever weddings and receptions has created several exceptional las vegas ceremony only packages that will be sure to exceed your expectations. our ceremony spaces are set within beautiful locations that boast lakefront wedding altars and fairy tale ceremony gazebos, all within an incredible garden setting. along with this, our ceremony only packages come with notable inclusions such as bridal suite usage, floral credits, wedding photography, the assistance of a professional wedding planner, traditional wedding music, and more
ceremony only infospecial events
for those needing a las vegas special events venue, from professional or formal to casual, know that our full-service facility can create the ideal atmosphere for you and your guests or attendees. our special events packages include all the essentials for a successful gathering, such as a wedding anniversary, birthday party, seminar, sales meeting, business luncheon, and the like. we offer outdoor event spaces and banquet halls that feature sensational lake and garden views, a professional event coordinator, exceptional meal selections, and entertainment, just to name a few.
special events infoalways & forever wedding and receptions – a premier las vegas wedding venue
create memories you will cherish forever by saying your “i dos” within one of our popular outdoor or indoor ceremony spaces. our wedding venues include peaceful lake views, beautiful garden greenery, romantic wedding gazebos, and more. no matter what type of wedding event you’re planning – all inclusive, ceremony only, or a reception only affair, we will ensure that it’s as amazing as you had imagined. that said, view a few details on each of our fabulous ceremony venues:

heritage garden – make your grand entrance walking under incredible ivy-covered cascading arches that lead to a beautiful lakeside wedding altar.
grand garden – marry the one you love within an outstanding garden courtyard that boasts swaying willow trees, magnificent statues, and a ceremony gazebo that rests over the water.
swan garden – a romantic ceremony gazebo at the edge of a sparkling lake within a lush green garden sets the stage for your beautiful las vegas wedding.
waterfall garden – have a fairy tale ceremony while you and your spouse-to-be stand beneath a wedding gazebo that’s situated in front of a gorgeous cascading waterfall.
lakeview chapel – this indoor chapel features elegant chandelier lighting and exceptional floor-to-ceiling glass windows that reveal stunning lake and garden views.

wedding venue infoare you ready to start planning your las vegas wedding?
if you love what always & forever has to offer – beautiful lakefront ceremony spaces, modern banquet halls, an unforgettable reception meal and elegant wedding cake, incredible package inclusions, along with an exceptional location near the vegas strip, and more, then be sure to reach out to our team to discuss your wedding day goals. we will provide you with a wide variety of options – outdoor ceremony spaces, romantic wedding gazebos, indoor wedding chapel options, as well as all inclusive, ceremony only, and reception only packages. with that said, we encourage you to head over to our las vegas wedding venues and wedding packages pages for a complete overview of what we offer the brides and grooms who say their vows at always & forever weddings and receptions.
instagram feed












always_and_forever_weddings








that dream wedding aesthetic you’ve been pinning
 





happy valentine’s day from the most romantic pla






do you know the difference between these wedding s


 





the beautiful waterfall garden, charming heritage 


 





marrying your best friend is like starting the mos
 





when you’re trying to figure out the seating cha






crafting the perfect guest list for your las vegas


 





the mesmerizing heritage garden, tranquil swan gar


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram







why couples choose us

indoor and outdoor all inclusive, ceremony only, and reception only packages available in clark county, nv.


full-service wedding venue offering inexpensive ceremonies and receptions near the vegas strip and downtown las vegas.


best wedding chapel in the las vegas area featuring a beautiful and modern design, as well as outstanding views of lake jacqueline.


our venue showcases lakefront ceremony spaces with romantic wedding gazebos, as well as a cascading 6-foot waterfall.


we provide elegant reception halls that boast stunning lake views, built-in bars and dance floors, and exceptional menu options.


our professional wedding coordinators will take care of every detail, ensuring a stress-free las vegas wedding.





categories


ceremony & reception
las vegas outdoor weddings
las vegas lake weddings
las vegas wedding reception (only)
wedding ceremony only in las vegas
wedding flowers


get in touch


facebook
contact us
twitter
youtube
rss
send a message



contact



always & forever weddings and receptions

2620 regatta dr #109
las vegas, nv 89128 | map it

phone
local: (702) 318-5683
toll-free: (833) 428-0945





read our reviews from around the web!


© 2024 always & forever weddings | privacy policy | terms of service |

 menu
































