










home - wildlife rescue


















































home
about

mission, history, ethics
our affiliations
meet the staff

founder & board
staff


locations
reports & financials
newsletters
in the media


found an animal?

found an animal?
living with wildlife


programs

rescue, rehabilitation, and release
wildlife sanctuary
advocacy

advocacy blog


red-tailed hawks


get involved

events
volunteer
release sites
careers
apprenticeship program


support us

donate
become a sustainer
memorials
leave a bequest
endowment fund
founder’s circle
community partnerships

community partnership levels


other ways to donate


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 












































“to rescue, rehabilitate, and release native wildlife and to provide sanctuary, individualized care, and a voice for other animals in need.”







volunteer
get involved



receive wrr alerts
get wrr's latest news & updates



donate now
make a contribution







what we do
our programs








rescue, rehabilitate, release
wildlife rescue receives over 10,000 wild animals every year. among these are opossums, raccoons, bobcats, coyotes, skunks, squirrels, and many other mammals along with over 100 species of birds and many reptiles.








advocacy
we believe that all animals — rare or common, regardless of species — are deserving of our care, attention, and respect. whether through training, education, advocacy, or direct animal care, wrr fulfills its commitment to wildlife protection and ethical relations between humans and the natural world.










wildlife sanctuary
wrr provides permanent residence to over 500 animals. no animal lives behind bars – we have taken what nature has provided and simply enclosed a portion of it for the animals to give them a comfortable and stimulating home for the rest of their lives. among those in sanctuary are over 300 animals who are commonly found on farms. rescued from ffa programs, cruelty situations, abandonment, and auction—these are just a few of the circumstances that make up the histories of the farmed animals at wrr.









get involvedat wildlife rescue & rehabilitation, there are many opportunities for volunteers to learn about the hundreds of species of wildlife found in south texas while helping them recover from injuries, illnesses, and the trauma of being orphaned. our facilities are in operation seven days a week, and with a variety of jobs and shifts to choose from, you can find the right position for you!
become a volunteer



upcoming events
click on each event for more details.

current month 









event calendar












































followfollowfollow




 







about us founded in 1977 by lynn cuny, wildlife rescue & rehabilitation’s (wrr) mission is to rescue, rehabilitate, and release native wildlife and to provide sanctuary, individualized care, and a voice for other animals in need. wrr is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization and does not receive any government funding.

contact wildlife rescue & rehabilitation
kendalia, tx
p.o. box 369, kendalia, tx 78027
phone: 830-336-2725 / fax: 830-336-3733
email: info@wildlife-rescue.org
wildlife rescue & rehabilitation
san antonio, tx
wrr’s roger & phyllis sherman
animal care complex
11902 rustic ln., san antonio, tx 78230
phone: 830-336-2725

 



© wildlife rescue & rehabilitation, inc. all rights reserved. 






 




x

 




























