









family owned & operated since 1988 - kruse and muer restaurants


































































skip to content























homeonline orderingreservationsmenus kruse’s paint creek tavern on main – rochester rochester chop house on woodward – royal oak kabin kruser’s oyster bar in the village – rochester hills deer lake inn – clarkston cateringlocations kruse’s paint creek tavern on main – rochester rochester chop house on woodward – royal oak kabin kruser’s – oyster bar in the village – rochester hills deer lake inn – clarkstongift cardseventsdistinguished guestsabout about kruse and muer job opportunities donation request formcontact us




 




×
homeonline orderingreservationsmenus kruse’s paint creek tavern on main – rochester rochester chop house on woodward – royal oak kabin kruser’s oyster bar in the village – rochester hills deer lake inn – clarkston cateringlocations kruse’s paint creek tavern on main – rochester rochester chop house on woodward – royal oak kabin kruser’s – oyster bar in the village – rochester hills deer lake inn – clarkstongift cardseventsdistinguished guestsabout about kruse and muer job opportunities donation request formcontact us










 









 





kruse and muer restaurants






family owned & operated in the metro detroit area since 1988









our locations











our menus


































































kruse and muer






a family tradition  for more than






30 years






since the day we opened, it's been a joy to serve our guests. in fact, over the years, our guests have come to feel more like family. whether it's for a special occasion, celebration, or just friends gathering for a good meal, we take great pride in creating and sharing dishes inspired by our own family traditions and travels. so come on in and eat, toast, enjoy!







learn more




















our  locations






kruse and muer is proud to own and operate seven restaurants in the southeastern michigan area.













 


get directions




















						from					





						to					













							add waypoint						





				for			


					driving				

					walking				

					bicycling				





				show options			

				hide options			



					avoid tolls				


					avoid highways				


					avoid ferries				







				print directions			

				reset directions			



fetching directions......

reset directions

print directions





















the perfect gift






give the gift of kruse and muer






order online or pick up at any of our locations.







learn more










what's new





we have no current events or news pending. please check back again soon! 

















our menus






tap on the restaurant image below to see the location's food menus.






















kruse and muer
on woodward




















kabin kruser's
oyster bar




















rochester
chop house




















kruse and muer
on main




































kruse's
deer lake inn




















kruse and muer
in the village




















kruse's
paint creek tavern






















really good food. beautiful outdoor patio. dog friendly. molly was very good waitress, she was upbeat and helpful. try the special on sunday, which is a burger, fries, beer or a soda for $10.99 terrific deal. food is great.jonathan b.  i have been here before. the food is always excellent. the service is fabulous the food is excellent i have no need for salt pepper or any other seasonings. it is one of my favorite places and their wine selection is above reproach.denise g.  great intimate decor with a nice bar. our server, jaci, provided terrific service. the crab cakes and salmon were excellent. extensive drink menu to please everyone. overall great value. we will be back.ken h.  another great kruse and muer. glad to see they have many of the same, popular menu items as the other locations. service is already running very smoothly and you can’t beat the location on woodward!ryan c.  


















our food gallery


























































































































































sign up to join our email list






receive promotions and specials right in your inbox





 
your name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.




subscribe



thanks for subscribing. keep an eye on your email - we'll be in touch soon with some great offers!
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.






we will never spam you and you can unsubscribe anytime!









 












































our corporate office






134 w. university rochester, michigan 48307






home   about    menus    gift cards   events   location   distinguished guests   contact us
privacy policy


















































copyright ©2025 kruse and muer. all rights reserved.


















kruse and muer  donation request






are you a part of a school, hospital or other charitable organization? send us a completed donation request form to become a part of the kruse and muer donation program!







download donation request form













 



































































