



pia esthetics day spa: brazilian wax, facials, microblading in tampa

































































skip to the main content ->





20 years of care and mastery 



















								book now
							 


									spa menu
								

spa packages
brow & lash care
skin care
   ↳ microdermabrasion   
   ↳ dermaplaning   
waxing
massage
eyelash extensions
nails
microblading
injectables
makeup
 


									gift cards
							 


							faqs
							



							about
							

love from our customers
about us
our team




								contact us
							













 translate / traducir
								





















  checkout


 











first time waxing? facial? massage? 
you're at the right place.for 21+ years we've been creating a cozy, inviting environment for you.



read the reviews!












the only day spa you'll love 
our team's here just for you, mixing expertise with love in every touch. you'll feel the difference, promise



book now!












check our specials 
find the perfect excuse to visit our spa and save $ promos



book now!




  previous 
  next 










instant gift certificates
in a hurry? get it delivered by email or text message. buy it today, and schedule the delivery for the special date!
buy a gift now! »



spablog
 inspiring woman in business: pia trujillo the science behind why redheads love waxing here - and nowhere else the gift they’ll never see coming, but will absolutely love!
check our blog »



 super secretspa deals
last-minute steals via text on all your go-to treatments! these are flash promos, which means they're here today, gone tomorrow - literally! 
sign up now!


 

inspiring woman in business: pia trujillo
tampa bay metro magazine  pia trujillo - pia esthetics day spa this year, i’m thrilled to celebrate pia day spa’s 20th anniversary! leading the beauty industry and pioneering the brazilian wax revolution in tampa for two decades has been an incredible journey. to everyone who has...
read article


 








your new favorite spa experience in south tampa



            welcome to your go-to day spa in tampa
            kick back at tampa's friendliest day spa, where the vibe is casual and the services are anything but ordinary:

are you looking for a serene and relaxing spa experience in the tampa area? look no further than our day spa, where you'll find a welcoming and friendly atmosphere that will make you feel right at home. our team of experienced and skilled professionals are dedicated to providing you with the best possible spa services, from precision waxing to custom facials and massages that will melt away your stress.
our microblading magic will elevate your brow game like never before, with strokes that will leave you in awe. our lash extensions are expertly applied for a wow-worthy look that will turn heads.
but it's not just about the services = we take pride in creating an environment that is warm, inviting, and relaxing. whether you're here for a quick wax or a full spa day, we want you to feel comfortable and cared for throughout your entire visit.
and don't forget about our chic nail services! from classic manis and pedis to trendy gel options, we've got everything you need to keep your hands and feet looking stylish and polished.
so why wait? book your appointment today and see why we are the go-to spa in tampa. and if you're looking for the perfect gift for a loved one, our online gift certificates make it easy to give the gift of relaxation and rejuvenation. choose from a variety of packages to find the perfect fit for any occasion.




 
 
 















  promos & specials     menu of services  
  our blog  
  available products at pia's  
  all raving reviews  
  contact us and book an appointment  
  apply for a job  
  advanced education for professionals  







pia day spa south tampa

				reservations: (813)831-2418 - book online


 








© 2000-2025 pia esthetics - all rights reserved 
 privacy policy





  


  


  


  


  















let's get you an appointment!



let us help you over the phone:
        pia day spa south tampa
(813)831-2418

        or
        


book online now!


        i need more info! can i see what other clients say about pia's? absolutely!


close







cookie warning

by continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of cookies for basic functionality and to collect some visit statistics.
            


                    accept
                






