






welcome to rainbow bookstore — rainbow bookstore














































rainbow bookstore worthwhile reading






home
our bookstore

closure


other book stores
politics

left-wing


about us
contact us
 




















 





 welcome to rainbow bookstorerainbow book store cooperative is a book store which had been running for over 25 years but recently closed down based on a number of reasons. like every cooperative, the stored was owned by a group of highly enthusiastic members of the madison wisconsin community.  








































the bookstore is permanently closed! 
















quote of the day 




























men do not understand books until they have a certain amount of life, or at any rate no man understands a deep book, until he has seen and lived at least part of its contents.–ezra pound 










 





services we used to provide 





the following are the major services that we used to provide our esteemed customers. 

































                                                                                            ordering books on demand                                                                                    

we had been in direct connection with a number of viable sources which supplied us with books as often as the need arose.  



























                                                                                            sell of stationary equipment                                                                                    

our store also featured extra products other than books. most significantly, we had stationary products. 



























                                                                                            delivery of books following purchase                                                                                    

this was the case for the customers that made orders using our online segment.  



























                                                                                             bulk orders                                                                                    

we had a very huge collection of books that were specifically meant for government departments, educational institutions and even religious groupings.  











 





what led to the closure of the rainbow store cooperative? 













read more

























streaming series 

















sis loves me is the world famous series dedicated to the society’s taboo subject of step siblings sexual relations. with over 200 episodes since its debut in 2016 it’s the golden standard in this kind of entertainment on the web. 







visit: mysislovesme.com


















my pervy family has all the answers for your questions. watch those fun-packed episodes where fantasy step family members end up in real life like situations and make the best out of it! 







visit: familyperverts.com













cumgluttons is all about the passion for the life juices of both men and women. watch this exclusive series starting 1st of january 2022. one out the seven deadly sins is going to be featured here. you can’t miss it! 







visit: cumgluttons.org


















haze him is a proof that initiation rituals in colleges/dorms are the thing. watch guys from various american colleges making their way into the cool kids crowd. and that involves lots of gay things. 







visit: hazeforhim.com












hot and mean series is all about those fine women that love to please other women. their way of doing so is a bit harsh, though. watch girl on girl action taking the mean route! 







visit: meanhotties.com


















gangbang creampie contains lots of creamy filth in its episodes. this exclusive focuses on gang actions where multiple guys aim to fill a single female with lots of sticky pleasure. 







visit: https://creamgangs.com













oopsie! is brand new series dedicated to goofy kind of fun where storyline is the last thing you would care about. finest selection of performers of all genders is what matters here! 







visit: oopsie.tube


















transcest features adventures of freshly transitioned females to males who want to feel the real pounding from their alpha male partners in this action filled fantasies of step family fun. 







visit: https://transcest.org













transsensual features the world’s most prominent stars in transgender genre. watch your favorite models engage in taboo story-driven scenarios where all gender pleasure is all that matters! 







visit: sensualits.com


















stag homme is the place to enjoy the most dominant men of our society in situations they like the most. pressure and stress is not a threat to them. but other men they want to dominate… are! 







visit: https://staghommes.com



















contact usemail us with any questions or inquiries. we would be happy to answer your concerns. 






 









 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 







 







 





thanks to our sincere desire to serve our community, we had been able to provide a number of high quality editions at reasonable prices. the members of the community were able to afford just about every book in the store. 























what's happening? read our blog section 






rainbow bookstore
/
our bookstore /

memories of rainbow bookstore treasured forever 

26/02/2018


books are man’s best friends. when someone opens a book, he opens the gates to a new world. rainbow bookstore is a former bookstore which had been running smoothly for more than 25 years. unfortunately, it was recently closed down. all that is left are the sweet memories that are unforgettable. it was owned by […]











rainbow bookstore
/
left-wing, politics /

varieties of left-wing politics that can be found in the us 

19/12/2017


we are explaining why leftists can have many different faces in the united states. why some of them are liberal in terms of public finances, why some of them are almost communist-like. why some of them endorse adult-themed content like spying on nannies and other are definitely against it?











rainbow bookstore
/
our bookstore /

four reasons why people shop from our book store in madison, wisconsin 

20/11/2017


reading a book is often said to be one of the best ways to pass time and have a bit of fun. normally, people read books to have personal fun. but, how much fun you can garner from reading a book will depend on the kind of book you are reading. otherwise, you will not […]











rainbow bookstore
/
book stores /

where to shop books in madison, wisconsin if you are a college student 

14/10/2017


if you have just enrolled in college, you will be excited and enthusiastic about what kind of life lies ahead of you. most notably, you will be looking forward to the onset of the academic calendar. but, excelling at tertiary level is not always simple and straight forward. it requires a lot of hard work. […]











rainbow bookstore
/
book stores /

what kind of book stores in madison, wisconsin are worth visiting? 

20/09/2017


reading books has continued to be an important aspect of life. people read books for a number of reasons. this explains why there are numerous categories of books. as a reader, it is entirely up to you to choose the books that appeal to you depending on their content and several other factors that matter […]











rainbow bookstore
/
left-wing, politics /

does the us still have left-wing politics? 

14/07/2017


this is the question that is asked by a good number of people especially those who feel that the world’s super power is slowly switching back to a form of rule which is in support of right wing politics. in order to answer this question successfully, it is always a perfect idea to consider a […]























            thanks for visiting.        

            come back soon!        


































rainbow bookstore © 2017 | terms of service | privacy policy | cookies 

















