









pier fest 2019 in pier village




























































welcome to jersey shore's premiere fall festival
                                pier village, long branch
                                sunday, october 6th, 12-5pm
                            







vendors and crafters

                                        stroll around the festival plaza for vendors and crafters, or visit some of the pier village stores for fall discounts.
                                    







live music and entertainment

                                        several local bands and artists will perform on the main stage in the festival plaza.
                                    






fun family activities

                                    kids can enjoy a variety of age-appropriate activities, including inflatable rides and more.
                                









proudly sponsored by:
                            







at&t

                                        visit att.com to switch and save on phone plans, internet service & tv with premium entertainment on america's fastest network.
                                    







94.3 the point

                                        94.3 the point, wjlk-fm radio, plays the best pop music at the jersey shore.
                                    







journal publications

                                        premier publications for high-quality, hyperlocal news and advertising in monmouth county, new jersey.
                                    







monmouth park

                                        monmouth park racetrack is an american race track for thoroughbred horse racing in oceanport, nj.
                                    








monmouth university

                                        located along new jersey’s northern coastline, monmouth university offers a welcoming and dynamic setting for student development.
                                    







shorevacations.com

                                        jersey shore's premiere vacation rentals website, featuring rental homes in belmar, seaside, wildwood and more!
                                    







jersey shore detectives

                                        specializing in providing criminal background information and verifications to business and government human resource departments.
                                    







family-friendly festival!
                        vendors, kids entertainment, live music

                        pier village, situated on miles of beachfront in long branch, nj hosts its 5th annual pier fest. this event will feature kids activities, exhibitors, vendors, crafters and live music from local performers. visit over 30 esteemed restaurants, shops and services. come for the sun, stay for the fun all year-round.
                    




live music at pier fest
                        talented local performers will play on the pier village stage






12:00pm rock'n music academy

                                        the rock'n music academy house bands will entertain the crowd with classic and contemporary hit songs.
                                    







1:15pm jake jacobsen

                                        jake jacobsen plays cool acoustic music for cool people doing an interesting mix of the 70's to today with a flair for really fun songs.
                                    







2:30pm lauren davidson

                                        cma artist davidson is an urban country singer/songwriter who has opened for old dominion, locash, carly pearce, justin moore and others.
                                    







3:45pm joseph alton miller

                                        miller’s unique songwriting style and vivid imagery mesh together creating intricate landscapes and intense visuals while posing intriguing inquiries.
                                    








welcome to pier village



                        a jewel on the new jersey coast, pier village is an award-winning mixed-use beachfront victorian-inspired community, featuring over 30 esteemed restaurants, shops and services at your doorstep. 
                    home to 500 luxurious oceanfront residences. pier village welcomes pets and offers a collection of luxury studio, one, two and three bedroom apartment homes with serene partial ocean and full oceanfront views. 
                    enjoy the miles of sandy beaches, festivals, nightlife and business opportunities in pier village. find your perfect home today, and enjoy the ocean breeze all year long. 
                    




kids activities and family entertainment
                    

                        there will be many fun family-friendly activities, some of them free, at the pier fest (subject to change)
                    





inflatables

big marks action park will bring a variety of inflatables for kids of all ages, including a climbing wall.
                                    







face painting

                                        lisa will be back to delight kids of all ages with fun face painting.
                                    







fun bus

                                        step into the fun bus and have some fitness fun and games on wheels for kids of all ages.
                                    







                        more photos and videos
                        from our previous 4 editions












































































































sign up for updates


























about pier fest

                                pier fest was started in 2015 as a new outdoor festival in pier village, long branch's premiere shopping and dining community. it has attracted thousands of people
                       that enjoyed both the festival plaza activities, and the many destinations around pier village.


                                pier fest is a joint venture of pier village and jersey shore premiere.
                            


information

                                for more information about pier fest
                                contact chris at 732-245-0412 or rosa at 732-503-9948





follow us
                            




                                        facebook event
                                    




                                        facebook page
                                    




                                        instagram
                                    









pier fest by jersey shore premiere
                        ©  
                    












