


















willowbrook, il | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














 














request for service








willowbrook police










 
 










 





 
 













search







 
 
 





    our village      government      departments      residents      business  


 

 

 

 

 


















































































  
 
 









 














agendas & minutes








online payment










 
 














foia request








forms & applications










 
 














overnight parking








red lightphoto enforcement










 
 
 



 















gower west kindergarten registration for 2025-2026 school year 


kindergarten registration for the 2025-2026 school year at gower west begins on march 1st. all children residing in the district who will be 5 years old on or before september 1, 2025, should register at this time.			additional info...







2024 oslad grant awarded to the village of willowbrook 


the village is pleased to announce that it has again been selected as a grant recipient for the open space land acquisition and development (oslad) award program.			additional info...







view all spotlights




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 








calendar










wed, feb 19  

annual joint review board meeting - willowbrook redevelopment corridor tif district

annual joint review board meeting - willowbrook redevelopment corridor tif districtread on


fri, feb 21  

board of police commissioners - meeting cancelled

board of police commissioners - meeting cancelledread on


mon, feb 24  

village board meetings 

village board meetings read on


wed, mar 5  

plan commission meeting 

plan commission meeting read on


mon, mar 10  

village board meetings 

village board meetings read on


thu, mar 13  

special village board meeting - budget workshop 

special village board meeting - budget workshop read on









/calendar.aspx



 
 



  
 






see the most recent messages from village of willowbrook, powered by nixle.sign up to receive messages by email & text message.




 
 



  
 







willowbrook news








village of willowbrook receives best innovation award 

the village of willowbrook is pleased to announce that it was selected as the recipient of the dupage mayors and managers conference (dmmc) best innovation award.				read on...




illinois municipalities fight to restore local funding (pdf) 

municipalities across illinois are calling on governor j.b. pritzker and state lawmakers to resist taking local revenue that belongs to cities and villages and to restore the funding to previous levels that had been promised.				read on...




brush collection fee clarification 

we have received a number of inquiries regarding the brush pick-up fee that is now itemized on your groot industries service invoice and wanted to provide some clarity regarding the program.				read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 







contact







the village of willowbrook
835 midway drive
willowbrook, il 60527
phone: 630-323-8215
fax: 630-323-0787
village hall hours:
monday – friday 8:30 am – 4:30 pm 
 






  
 







quick links







tri-state fire protection district



pleasantview fire protection district



downers grove township assessors office









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







frequently asked questions








can i park a vehicle on the street overnight in the village of willowbrook?


can i pay my water bill online?


where can i register to vote?








/faq.aspx




 
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 





government websites by civicplus®


 
 
 
















 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









