




virginia's beach campground - pennsylvania camping on lake erie

























































discover the beauty and unique atmosphere of lake erie in a lakefront cottage or campsite at virginia’s beach lakefront cabins & camping, located on the shores of lake erie in north springfield, pennsylvania. we are in the path of totality for the solar eclipse that will occur on april 8, 2024. call us today at (814) 922-3261 to inquire about the availability of any remaining space for this once in a generation event!
                          


large pull through, 50-amp, full hookup, lakefront rv sites.
lake front cottages, cabins in the woods, and a 2 bedroom cottage for larger families.
wooded water and electric sites.
secluded tent sites.
private boat launch for boats up to 18 feet.
some of the best walleye, perch, bass, and trout fishing in the area.
kayak rentals.
catch and release fishing pond, playground, and open common areas.
1,100 feet of easy access lake frontage, and 46 acres with woods and walking/biking trails.







































lake erie is the shallowest and warmest of the great lakes and is great for swimming, jet skiing, fishing, and boating. the sunset on the lake is rated among the best in the world by national geographic! click here to learn more about recreational opportunities on the waters of lake erie at virginia’s beach.









click the lovely map of lake erie above to find directions to virginia’s beach, as well as area attractions.




























virginia’s beach
                            lakefront cabins & camping

							352 holliday road
							north springfield, pa 16430
(814) 922-3261
camp@virginiasbeach.com
virginiasbeach.com























                ©  virginia’s beach lakefront cabins & camping.
accessibility statement | privacy statement














home
camping rates & reservations

seasonal camping


cottage & cabin rates & reservations
about the lake & our beach

fishing, lake & stream information


activities

kayak rentals


directions & attractions
site map & policies

enjoying your stay







virgina’s beach campground 2016




























