





- marketing | technology | consulting | speaking
















































home
cv
services
speaker
projects
contact

whatsapp
links


 






 


   



















consultant cv – marketing, technology

read more







services

read more








 
on twitter



 
on linkedin



 
on instagram











ai disruption marketing
ai has replaced me…



you can fight progress all you want. you can stick your head in the sand or you can protest, but the simple fact is… ai is here and it is good.…


september 9, 2024









ai disruption ecommerce marketing strategy
ai will replace you, but not today



a tidal wave of disruption caused by ai is about to wipe out your job. that’s the scary headline being pushed by those who see large language models as an existential…


april 11, 2023









ai disruption
wisdom of the surfer. to ride the wave or not?



i’ve always associated easter with surfing. specifically, the annual surfing competition at bells beach, victoria. this year, as i watched the highlights, i thought about the similarities between surfing and the…


april 10, 2023









ai content food
user generated content is dead. long live customer generated content.



photography is one of the professions that has been disrupted the most by digital technology. it wasn’t just kodak who suffered. megapixel cameras on mobile phones democratised the act of taking…


april 5, 2023









ai big data
data is the new oil, again…



the phrase ‘data is the new oil’ has been around for a while (2006?) and like all analogies it can be pushed too far, but it is fair to say that…


april 2, 2023









ai disruption featured marketing
new kodak moments for business?



a “kodak moment” was once a memory, captured forever on celluloid film. the ability to revisit that memory through a photograph was the underlying value proposition for the eastman kodak company.…


march 27, 2023





older posts 












 facebook  twitter  instagram  linkedin


© 2022 - david fuller. all rights reserved. 














