








topkote: leading bathtub & tile refinishing products for professionals

































toll free (888)867-5683(se habla espanol)




translate  english  spanish
                            






faqs
about us
contact












trusted solutions from a trusted source




 
search keywords or sku









my account

login




0











(888)867-5683


products

all products
save with kits & bundles



training

bathtub refinishing training
training class details
training faq's
training testimonials



information center


about us


contact us


blog


find a pro




















bathtub and tile refinishing products
our premium bathroom refinishing glaze together with our preparation supplies will revitalize bathtubs, tile or countertops for years to come and is used for residential, commercial and industrial applications.

                                            shop now
                                        











easy-to-use equipment
equip your reglazing and refinishing business with all of the equipment and supplies you’ll need. topkote offers hvlp spray systems, hvlp accessories, paint preparation systems, and spot repair spray systems for bathtub, tile, and countertop refinishing and reglazing.

                                            learn more
                                        











state-of-the-art training
the topkote bathtub, tile and countertop reglazing training program is a certification and endorsement program designed to give a trainee the tools necessary to succeed in this growing market. 

                                            learn more
                                        





































trusted product solutions you can count on


view all










bathtub and tile reglazing coatings & supplies





countertop reglazing coatings





hvlp spray systems





primer coatings





reglazing fume exhaust systems





refinishing kits and bundles





















featured articles








5 bathtub reglazing safety tips to preserve your health





5 bathtub reglazing safety tips to preserve your health
you already know that tub reglazing fumes are hazardous                                    
read more












recent reviews






 
 
 
 
 
1 of 5 stars 



colorants
mr.

by jjqabocg



555








 
 
 
 
 
1 of 5 stars 



colorants
mr.

by jjqabocg



555






latest posts






proper care after bathtub refinishing: tips for long-lasting results











why bathtub refinishing training is essential for success
















leading bathtub, tile, and countertop refinishing supplies
welcome to topkote, your one-stop destination for state-of-the-art bathtub, tile, and countertop refinishing supplies. as industry leaders, we offer a comprehensive range of products, from our premium bathroom refinishing glaze to our easy-to-use equipment, ensuring your projects shine with a high-gloss finish. whether you're a seasoned professional or just starting out, our topkote training program provides the certification and tools necessary to excel in this growing market. dive into our vast collection of bathtub and tile reglazing products, and equip your business with the best in the industry. experience the topkote difference today!




ready to start with a finish that lasts?
discover the excellence of our bathtub refinishing products and tile reglazing products through our eco-friendly coatings and low voc glaze startup kit. tailored for both professionals and novices, this kit encompasses all the essentials for a successful tub reglazing project. packed with materials to refinish 10-12 tubs, you're prepared to produce remarkable outcomes from your very first attempt.
get your kit today







be the next topkote pro
want to become a certified bathtub, countertop and tile refinishing expert? with our training program, you can get the hands-on training needed to be successful in the field. learn from industry professionals with more than 37 years of combined experience and jump-start a new career.
join today





find your topkote pro



looking for someone to refinish your bathtub? choose from our network of certified topkote professionals.

search now














join our email newsletter for product news & savings





first name



last name



email address



sign up









facebook
linkedin
pinterest
twitter
instagram










top categories
 





bathtub and tile reglazing coatings & supplies
countertop reglazing coatings
reglazing spray equipment, accessories and parts
reglazing fume exhaust systems
reglazing safety equipment and supplies
reglazing preparation materials and tools 
refinishing kits and bundles
marketing and sales tools







content pages
 




customer service


shipping policy


faq


contact us


account login







©2025 copyright topkote products 
powered by onveos
ecommerce website design by outerbox





























