







home - tohono o'odham nation




















































 







tohono o'odham nationheader right

contact us
login

top navigation
home
community

about us
the great seal
tribal government
education
our community college
location
announcements
districts
press releases


history & culture

our history
cultural center & museum


economic development

business opportunities
success stories
eda
tax information
enterprises

desert diamond casino
toua




executive offices

administrative offices

accounting office
advocate
attorney general
department of information and technology
facilities maintenance
gaming office
grants and contracts
hewel ni’ok
human resources
miss tohono o’odham nation
motor pool
prosecutors
treasury
veterans affairs


education

child care program
head start program
education assistance program
johnson o-malley
one stop
recreation division
tol teacher certification
vocational rehabilitation
venito garcia library
youth council


health & human services

adult protection services
behavioral health
child welfare
community health services
family assistance
health transportation services
healthy o’odham promotion program
management of health
senior services
special needs


membership services

elections office
enrollment program


natural resources
planning and economic development
public safety

environmental protection office
fire department
police department
tribal employment rights office


water resources


employment

apply online
healthcare job opportunities
tero job announcements


directory

resources
community resources directory



himdagwe must revive and protect our language including our traditional ceremonies. our traditional ceremonies and songs recognizes, acknowledges and gives appreciation to our environment -the plants, animals, birds, mountains, water, air/wind, sun and rain with the intend of cleansing the earth. we cannot lose our himdag.healthfrom inception to death. health care is a part of our lives. health care in our mind, body and spirit. the goal of the nation should be to develop and be in control of a comprehensive health care delivery system.educationcongress and the president's administration have recognized that indian education is most successful when indian tribes manage their schools. it takes vision, conviction, and courage to make that decision to take over and redesign an outdated school system. it's a major challenge but we should take it as an opportunity.economic developmentthe nation must develop a commercial code and the planning department must develop the overall land use comprehensive plan which will provide businesses and developers a blueprint as to where development will occur. this will enhance local businesses and create jobs. the nation must be at the table of discussions, plans and endeavors of surrounding, local governments, county, state, national and international entities.housingthe home is the most important part of our lives. it is our security, our protector, our safety net and most importantly it's our castle. the nation must make every effort to provide the opportunity for housing on and off the nation. the nation must make every effort to utilize all resources to secure funding and to obtain all available housing programs. the nation must also seek funding to enhance the infrastructure needs for housing development throughout the districts/nation.natural resourcesclimate change is one of our greatest challenges we face as a nation. it will greatly affect our ecological system and the habitat. our plants, cactus, wildlife, bird and all our natural resources and our people will be impacted. we must take a proactive approach and educate our people in the wise utilization of our resources.











official website of thetohono o’odham nation
we are pleased to present to you, the members of the tohono o’odham nation and internet communities, the official website of the tohono o’odham nation! with this site, we want to open a window to our world to educate others about our history, culture, governance, and other aspects of the nation that otherwise may not be readily available. the site was purposely designed for the nation to capitalize on its collective strengths of its history, culture, and governance components while educating the public on its broad spectrum of services and information.



announcements

tonhc – emergency room triage now in the sells hospital main lobby
2024 sells district vaccination campaign
2024 baboquivari district vaccination campaign
2024 chukut kuk district vaccination campaign
2024 pisinemo district vaccination campaign

view all announcements →


featured jobs

police officer
federal job opportunities
view all employment →
health care job opportunities →
busd job opportunities →




message from the chairman

welcome to the first issue of our executive office newsletter!… read the newsletter
december 11, 2024



tohono o’odham nation covid-19 economic member impact payment program ii for tribal enrolled members


27th elders day registration form

elders day assistance registration form



!address
tohono o’odham nation
p.o. box 837 | sells, az 85634
contactus@tonation-nsn.gov
login

!governance office
executive office
sells business loop sells, az 85634

!website
www.tonation-nsn.gov


long footer menu
home
community
districts
enterprises
opportunities
about

credits

2016 tohono o’odham nation. all rights reserved.
built by cyberserge


translate » 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email



name



website































































