


virtual stamp club





 




  









 











 




 












  
  quick
  index: 
u.s. 2025 stamp program
canada's stamp program
plugging in to high energy rock
kouri wins lichtenstein award
u.s. 2026 show seeks stamps
new education director at aps
first days has new editor
on your mark, get set, reserve!
investing or collecting?
750th anniversary!
celebrating caribbean birds
help! i inherited a collection
a choice of message boards
quotable

 




the u.s. postal service is only telling us about some of its 2025 issues, with a promise that "additional stamps will be announced in the coming weeks and months."  and some major anniversaries are missing from the 2025 program announced so far.

the headliners we know about are allen toussaint (black heritage) (right), betty white (second in an annual "betty" series?), a keith haring-design love stamp, and two subjects beloved by children.

u.s. 2025 stamp program
last updated february 12: date and city added for luna moth (at great american stamp show 2025).
what's missing? what subjects haven't been announced yet? which ones should be announced. weigh in here.




canada's 2025 stamp program
canada post says this year's program includes many social issues: places of 2slgbtqia+ pride, truth & reconciliation, barrier-breaking war heroes, slavery, and more. plus there will be stamps honoring former prime minister brian mulroney (right), graphic novelists, and indigenous leaders. other subjects include peonies, holidays and biodiversity. see the program schedule. (last updated january 22 with details on the black history issue.)
vsc has learned in advance what the 2025 hanukkah stamp will show!
some scott catalogue numbers added to the 2024 program.



plugging in to high energy rock
ac/dc, although australian, is credited with influencing british heavy metal rock. britain's royal mail have issued 12 stamps to honor the band. it's the 8th rock group so honored.
 



kouri wins lichtenstein award
the collector's club award has almost nothing to do with europe but reflects yamil kouri's long service to philately. he is currently president and commissioner general of boston 2026, among other posts.
speaking of which ... 




u.s. 2026 show seeks stamps
you'd think an international stamp collecting show would have plenty of stamps, but boston 2026 wants to acquire 3 million more for welcome packets and beginners' areas at the show.
three u.s. commissioners named.




new education director at aps
tomalei vess has experience in both k-12 and university-level education, plus a background in sales and entrepreneurship. her focus this year will be on a new community engagement and learning platform, "stamp school."




first days has new editor
anthony "tony" bard also edits london philatelist and two other journals for u.s. stamp societies. and, yes, he has dabbled in producing his own first day covers.



on your mark, get set, reserve!the main show hotel is 98% full, there are only 3 society tables left, dealers are reserving booths, and the meeting/seminar schedule is filling up. the latest is here.





investing or collecting?
how do you view your collection? is your goal to make money or have fun? columnist john hotchner looks at the choices.



750th anniversary
amsterdam, capital of the netherlands, is celebrating a birthday, and so is the dutch postal agency. but the stamps may not be to everyone's liking.



celebrating caribbean birds
the dutch postal agency will showcase the colorful birds of four caribbean islands this year. first up: sint eustatius.


 
 "help! i just inherited this stamp collection!" 
  just been given aunt matilda's old stamp collection and don't know what to do with it?  we can help. 




want to know what other collectors think?
the virtual stamp club has its own comments section as well as a facebook group. or visit the former home of the vsc (1996-2013), now called the stamp collecting forum. 


quotable:
"i confess to being an incurable philatelist."
           — first days editor tony bard

last updated february 12
 
  


 

 stamp collecting report
alone or together? 







powered by surfing waves






unusual first day cards



aps affiliate #271
join the nation's stamp club here: 


the american philatelic society 


search vsc 




  



  advanced
  search  




  u.s. rules for collector cancellations
digital color postmark rules 

 no junkno spywareno pop-up adson this site 

 sponsor for:2003 afdcs "every coverhas a story" contest!

 advertise at the virtual stamp club! 

 
lloyd a. de vries your host  lloyd (at) virtualstampclub.com 





 




