



home | child car seats




























child car seats













 navigation				
						














 navigation
				





home types of seat choosing & using the law carrying other people's children related issues links films contact us
 















 
 
 
 





the law




types of seat




fitting child car seats




carrying other people's children



    





child car seats
carrying children safely
the safest way for children to travel in cars is in a child car seat that is suitable for their weight and size, and is correctly fitted in the car.
 


this website will help you to:

understand the different types of child car seats
choose the most suitable child car seats for your children
ensure your child seats are fitted correctly in your car
comply with the law on how children should be carried in cars
understand how to carry other people's children safely



advice on keeping children safe when they travel:

types of child car seats
choosing and using child car seats
choosing and using rearward facing child car seats
child car seat fitting and compatibility
the law
carrying other people's children safely
related issues
links



a properly fitted child car seat will help to prevent your child from being thrown about inside the vehicle, or ejected from it, if there is a crash. it will also absorb some of the impact force, and provide some protection from objects intruding into the passenger compartment.
a seat belt on its own will not properly fit your child, until they are at least 135 cm (4'6") tall, although it's better to wait until they are 150 cm (5ft) or taller before moving them to the seat belt on its own.
child car seat safety recalls
ickle bubba solar group 1 2 3 isofix car seat
ickle bubba have issued a recall of a small batch of solar group 1 2 3 isofix car seats. this issue only impacts certain batches of car seats, sold via icklebubba.com and amazon.co.uk between 01/02/2024 and 23/02/2024.
there is a small internal component issue in certain batches of car seat, which may result in the harness not locking properly when pulled. this could potentially compromise the safety of the child.
for further information, visit the safety notice webpage.
puggle i-size safe max 360 car seat 
puggle have recalled seats sold between 23/07/2022 and 10/07/2023 with the following affected serial numbers: 052022, 102022 & 022023.
puggle have discovered a small internal component issue in batches of the car seats, which may result in the harness not locking properly when pulled. this could potentially compromise the safety of the user.
please discontinue use of the car seat and contact online 4 baby to arrange a refund or an exchange for an alternative item: https://www.online4baby.com/product-recall-notice
britax baby-safe 5z and baby-safe 5z2
britax römer has issued a recall of the baby-safe 5z and baby-safe 5z2 infant carrier.

there is a potential safety issue with a gap that can form between the handle and seat-shell of the seat. the gap does not impact the performance of the car seat in the vehicle or in a crash, however there is a safety risk when carrying the infant carrier outside of a vehicle. in rare cases there can be an unexpected detachment of the handle causing sudden movements of the shell and/or surprise of the person carrying the seat. this may lead to the infant carrier falling down or colliding with other items and in unfortunate circumstances to an injury of the infant.

parents who purchased a baby-safe 5z or baby-safe 5z2 infant carrier should:


stop using the seat effective immediately, specifically outside of the vehicle by carrying the infant carrier using the handle.
go to  www.baby-safe-check.com to check if their seat is affected. all affected seats will be replaced free-of-charge.


 
halfords has issued a recall of their i-size revolve car seat due to a safety concern that has been found with the rotating locking mechanism.read more: https://www.which.co.uk/news/2021/11/product-recall-halfords-i-size-revolve-car-seat/ - which?
halfords has issued a recall of their i-size revolve car seat due to a safety concern that has been found with the rotating locking mechanism.read more: https://www.which.co.uk/news/2021/11/product-recall-halfords-i-size-revolve-car-seat/ - which?
photos courtesy of britax and recaro child safety ltd
















© rospa 2025produced with the support of the department for transport.
copyright | privacy policy | contact us












