


edinburgh school of food and wine
























































 






















298 captures
25 feb 2003 - 09 dec 2024















apr
jun
jul




01




2023
2024
2025







success
fail






















 about this capture






collected by



        organization: archive team


 formed in 2009, the archive team (not to be confused with the archive.org archive-it team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. the group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history.

history is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. with the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. archive team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations.

the main site for archive team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs.

this collection contains the output of many archive team projects, both ongoing and completed. thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the internet archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the wayback machine, providing a path back to lost websites and work. 

our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. if you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the wayback machine is the best first stop. otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find.

the archive team panic downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. 





collection: archive team: urls




timestamps








skip to content



toggle navigationwoocommerce cart0woocommerce my accountusername:password: remember meregistervoucher redeem2024 calendar 


search for:








toggle navigationhomeprofessional coursescomplete diploma in modern gastronomyprofessional cookeryprofessional patisserie leisure classesone day classesworkshopsweekend coursesmulti-day cookery coursesweber grill academykidskids cookery/bakerykids summer holiday campsteen summer holiday campkids partieslicensing training & serviceswedding cateringwedding propscateringcorporate eventsbar serviceshorsebox bardine @ esfwshopgift voucherscontact us
 





homeadmin2024-05-11t14:36:17+00:00 
unfortunately the cookery school is currently closed.
no bookings are being taken at this time.
if you have an existing booking or voucher, we will be in touch asap with further information.
we are only contactable via email at present info@esfw.comunfortunately the cookery school is currently closed.
no bookings are being taken at this time.
if you have an existing booking or voucher, we will be in touch asap with further information.
we are only contactable via email at present info@esfw.comprofessional coursesleisure courseskids coursestake your career to  the next level  with us...join our culinary academy which offers professional chef diplomas or foundation courses.  whether you are starting your food journey or changing career, we have a course to suit you!
cookery classes  and experiences for all levels...our fun day, evening or weekend classes cover a broad range of cookery skills, baking and world cuisines. you can also learn how to barbecue the weber way!
view leisure classeswe can make your special day unforgettable.
weddingsview wedding packageslooking for a great team building activity or networking event?
eventsview our events packageshome-made products, local supplier goods and much more…
shopbrowse our shopfrom birthday parties to cookery classes, have fun cooking with us.
kids eventsview kids classes







close product quick view×


title
















 
 
edinburgh school of food and winethe coach house
newliston estate
eh29 9eb
///after.segregate.moisture
info@esfw.com
0131 333 5001
other useful linksabout usprofessional course terms and conditionsleisure class terms and conditionsprivacy policyedinburgh school of food and wine is vat registered company : gb 446 4014 67


 
 
page load link

 




















go to top





