





debate-central.org – your uk discussion blog





























































 
 
 


home
contact
 
 


 


 












gordon walsch 



debating 


june 24, 2020




comments are closed 


top 5 best uk casino software providers 


software plays a vital role in the proper working of the online gambling platform. there are various software providers available, but not every one of them is good to choose from. even software is also responsible for the security, fair play, user-interface, and games of the site. today, we will list some of the best uk casino software that are ideal choices for every individual. not only will we share the names of the software companies, but we will also discuss them briefly.
while searching over the internet, you will find a wide collection of gambling operators. always remember that some of the gambling sites are also involved in the scam. the best way to check the secureness of the betting platform is to search for its software provider. as we mentioned before, the software companies that we have mentioned here are free of scam and fraud. so, if you found the gambling platform operated by any of the below-listed brands, you can trust them blindly.
here are the top 5 best uk casino software 2020:
playtech:
playtech is among the biggest software companies in the world. this software operates hundreds of casinos. the same brand operates even some of the most recommended gambling websites like the mansion, betway casino, and karamba.
playtech is well-known for its dynamic services and impressive games collection. another best thing about playtech casinos is that they are mobile-friendly. whether you are having a mac, windows-based pc, or a smartphone, you can easily play playtech games on your device.
microgaming:
whether you are an expert or a beginner gambler, you surely have heard about microgaming. microgaming is entertaining the world; especially, the british gamblers from the past two decades. this reputable software provider offers more than 800 casino games and multiple high paying jackpots. other than these features, microgaming also assures fair play betting.
all of the casinos managed by the microgaming offers high-level security. due to the high-level security system, all of your personal information and payment histories remain hidden from the third-party. all of the microgaming titles are mobile-friendly and easy to navigate. 
amaya:
the list of the best uk casino software is incomplete without the involvement of amaya. amaya is a world-famous publicly trading online gambling firm. this software company is renowned for elegant casinos, high graphic games, and massive jackpots. a strong team is working behind the amaya, which keeps its products updated according to audiences’ needs.
all of the casinos designed by amaya are portable. amaya also offers different and safe payment options like paypal, apple pay, and netteler. one of the interesting facts about amaya’s casinos is the welcome bonus. after getting registered, you will be granted an awesome welcome bonus to give a great start to your gambling journey.
igt:
igt is working with hundreds of gambling sites for the last 3 or 4 decades. even the majority of the uk casino sites features igt games. igt also provides fruit machines, video poker, and table games. unfortunately, these minigames are just offered to the people living in the uk.
playing igt games on the casinos are safe and secure because those gambling platforms are licensed by the uk gambling commission (ukgc). ukgc is among the most respectable authorities in the uk. igt also offers mega ways and progressive jackpots through which you can win millions of euros.
netent:
netent is a popular brand in the gambling industry. this software provider is working with more than 100 sites from the last two decades. not only the games by netent are famous, but the casinos operated by this software company are well-known for fair play, high-quality games, and amazing jackpots. the gambling lovers will also find 200 fruit machines and multiple table games on the netent casinos. netent offers both free and funded games, and this factor makes it one of the best uk casino software 2020.
final thoughts:
there are hundreds of software providers available, but not every one of them is good to choose from. sometimes, it really becomes hard to make a choice among a large variety of software. for your ease, here we have listed the top 5 best uk casino software 2020. indeed, these software providers are the preferable ones because of their amazing gaming services. these brands are operating multiple gambling sites worldwide. they also offer high-quality games, slots, and jackpots.









gordon walsch 



debating 


june 17, 2020




comments are closed 


why quickfire gaming is leading the best casino software debate 


the awesome gaming experience that one gets through various best quickfire casino sites could not be possible were it not for the underlying software. such software technology is quickfire from microgaming corporation. 
most of the quickfire casino sites in the gaming industry, especially the ones that are played through the various browsers, are powered by this powerful software. 
quickfire gaming software has increasingly become the leader in the casino software. we are going to look at the reasons behind this in the next sections. 
what is quickfire? 
this is a gaming platform that was developed by microgaming. microgaming is the leading online gambling platform that creates browser-optimized play platforms for quickfire casinos.
quickfire allows online gambling companies to integrate with both mobile and flash platforms efficiently. there are several other companies that have integrated their games into quickfire; these include; genesis, nextgen, rabcat, quickspin, and many more game developers. 
we can conclude that quickfire is the one-stop place for best quickfire online casinos. it offers players with the top online games in the market today. there are countless real money games, and online casinos all hosted under quickfire software. more info about the partnership between quickfire platform and gambling operators you can read on the official microgaming page.
why choose quickfire? 
in addition to quickfire being the leading software where most online games are integrated into, there are several other reasons to choose quickfire, this include;

access to many games

with quickfire casino software, you will have access to several games that are tested and approved. depending on your taste and gaming preferences, with quickfire, you can be assured that you will get something that suits your needs.
monthly releases


players love to have regular releases of new games and online casino games. with quickfire online casinos, you can be guaranteed of regular releases of an assortment of games.
access to progressive jackpot network


with quickfire, you will have access to online progressive jackpot available in the market today. projective jackpots are great exciting ways to make real money.
variety


quickfire allows users to have access to thousands of games in various languages and currencies. it, therefore, doesn’t matter where you are in the world, but with quickfire casino sites, your gaming needs are taken care of.
quickfire allows developers and casino operators to have an easy integration of all their quickfire online casinos and games.

who can use quickfire? 
quickfire is for online gambling operators who provide pokers, online casinos, live dealers, progressive jackpot, and more. 
it is for those people who want their players to get access to microgaming games through an easy integration process. 
best quickfire casino sites and online betting companies that would like to have games that are compatible with both mobile and tablet devices prefer the quickfire platform.
 10 best quickfire gaming casino sites

777 – the site has over 400 games. also offers a £200 welcome bonus, 77 free spins, and a 96.7% payout.

leovegas – this site provides 500+ games, 100 free spins, a no deposit bonus, and a 96.50% payout rate.  

betsafe – betsafe is a highly rated online gaming site that provides up to 200 cash spins upon registration and also hosts over 1200 games.

bethard – bethard has over 450 online games. the online casino also features £50 wager free bonuses and a 95.00% payout rate.

video slots – video slots is known for its several online games, the site hosts over 3000 online games with a welcome bonus of £200.

casino cruise – there are over 1300 games available on this site. the site offers £200 welcome over, free 200 spins, and had a 97% payout rate.

unibet – the online casino features over 1000 games, £40 welcome offer, £10 minimum deposit, and a 97% payout rate.

vegas hero – vegas hero is the top payout casino. it has the highest payout rate of 98%. the site also has over 1300 online games, a £200 welcome bonus. 

monster casino – monster casino is the best no deposit bonus casino. it provides a £500 welcome bonus, over 700 online games, 50 free spins, and a 97% payout rate.

hippodrome casino – it is the best online casino for a jackpot. it hosts over 450 games, 95.30% payout, and a £250 welcome offer.


quickfire platform design makes it easy to play online games. it also makes them very enjoyable. in addition to this, the ability to integrate and allow compatibility with mobile and tablet platforms makes it the most loved and popular platform for quickfire casinos and gaming companies. 
we can, therefore, expect the quickfire platform to continue increasing in popularity and also increase in demand. this robust gaming platform is a massive collection for online games and big title quickfire casino software games around the world









gordon walsch 



debating 


august 7, 2019




comments are closed 


the 5 best paths that will advance your debating abilities in life 

would you like to get more confident when debating over your next date location, what to eat for dinner or who does the laundry? debating skills are not only needed professionally but can also improve your life quality and make you satisfy.

prepare your points in advance 
no one is born debaters, and you are not expected to know what you want right on the minute. but if you felt like you did not get enough of appreciation for your efforts and would like to communicate your duties as part of the team, here is what to do: prepare the points you are going to argue about. negotiating is all about knowing your limits and the constraints of your opponent. so, go further and think of ways that they may respond to your points and new contra arguments. eventually, they may feel like you put a thought in it and trust your decision. 
 watch experienced negotiators in action 
you can learn from experts in the area. look at the posture, body, tone of voice, and other gestures that they do while talking. only by staying upright can make you more confident and convince others more easily. it’s not only about the words, but you need to stay behind your words and believe in your right/idea that you are negotiating.  
 commit to practice when you can 
skills like communicating, presenting, negotiating are all learnable and require a certain effort of practice. practice your phrases and how you express yourself, intonation, and body posture. it also matters when you want to convey your message. 
 handle crisis management 
of course, people may get reactive, defensive, and talk with a rude tone of voice. nevertheless, it is important to keep your cool when the situation becomes heated and re-new the conversation when the other party calms down and can communicate logically. the aim of the negotiations should be to reach a common ground where both people understand and support each other’s wishes. 
 final thoughts 
all great debaters are such due to their willingness to communicate, be heard, and influence other people for good. so, you can teach yourself as well. plan out your strategy, content, and style. practice your speech, voice, clarity, and use phrases that you feel comfortable with. 
learn more about sharpening your debating skills.









gordon walsch 



debating 


december 5, 2018




comments are closed 


why avoiding the worst holiday destinations is important for casino playing? 


you are planning on a wonderful holiday vacation and you can’t go anywhere without at least a quick gaming session on your casino app? well, in this debatecentral post, we will tell you how and why it is important to avoid the worst holiday destinations if you want a smooth and wonderful mobile casino experience. 
you should know that there are no good and bad places to play on your mobile casino app in the first place. it’s all about the journey and how you plan it. however, playing a casino game on your smartphone, tablet or another mobile device offers a little bit more different journey or experience, than when playing on your pc at home. it’s all about the surrounding scenery, the sounds, the hustle and bustle of the people around, etc. it’s also important to have a safe and uninterrupted service because imagine what would be to strike a jackpot on a mobile video slot and suddenly the internet connection is lost. these are only a couple of examples why your holiday destination is so important for ensuring an unforgettable mobile gaming adventure. now, check out our collection with tips and bits of advice on how to organise a more pleasant vacation! 
if you plan a big family holiday in the uk or abroad – it is essential to check out the latest recommendations in the travelling journals, blogs, etc. they provide an actual information about the travelling situation worldwide, as well as hottest destinations, places to avoid, and what’s the trend. for example, you should avoid travelling to the worst holiday destinations for one reason or another. it could be either suspicious activity in the region to compromise tour trip, legal issues, lack of useful transportation or another. in any case, make sure that you plan a vacation on safe destinations if you want a safe and excellent casino experience as well. 
for a short weekend holiday with only minimal luggage, make sure to go with a fully charged battery on your mobile devices. there might not be available places where to charge your phone exactly when you are in perfect mood to play mega moolah, vikings go berzerk or another video slot. keep in mind that the native casino apps usually drain battery juice faster than playing on a web-based mobile casino. you definitely don’t what to start your holiday with a 50% battery that is supposed to last for a couple of days! 
avoid destinations with no available service. sometimes, even the most picturesque, isolated and remote places can transform into the worst holiday destinations. there is one reason for that: risk of no service available. it would be a nightmare if you arrive in a quiet and serene mountain cottage only to see that you are stuck there for an entire weekend without the possibility of playing your favourite casino slot, roulette or another game. check out if the holiday destination where you are travelling abroad takes place in your casino’s list with restricted countries to play. well, every uk casino has a list of countries that are not supported. you can usually find that information in the faq section or in the t&c pages at your casino. also, make sure that the casino is licenced by the ukgc if you are travelling in the countryside because this is the greatest regulatory institution that allows online casinos to operate in the uk. 
shortly put, for a fabulous casino experience on the go, just make sure to avoid the worst holiday destinations. what better way to return from your holiday a little bit richer thanks to a juicy jackpot?  
have a lucky day and see you soon on the debatecentral blog. 









gordon walsch 



debating 


september 3, 2018




comments are closed 


the everlasting debate of blogging vs. vlogging 

 did you happen to start your own blog and after watching a very ‘successful’ youtube video irresistibly to want to start daily vlogging? well, whether the blogs or the vlogs provide a better platform to showcase one’s own world, is an everlasting debate. it was easier a couple of decades ago when youtube, vimeo and the other video sites were just around the corner, but nowadays things changed. so, grab a warm cup of coffee and check out 4 unbiassed opinions or viewpoints on this debatecentral blog post!
viewpoint one: vlogging is way easier to express yourself 
of course, it depends on so many things like the person behind the camera, as well as his mood, time of the day and the topics that are debated. there are plenty of similarities in both written and video forms of one’s expression, but the debate regarding what is easier receives a kind of a stronger nuance for the vlogging. for example, here are two reasons. firstly, it is easier to say things than to write them. you cannot always put things into a written form because it may become very difficult to understand. secondly, by vlogging, you can do the same things, only differently. you can show your main points easier and quicker just by looking directly at the camera or make a better connection with someone by talking right to him or her. no doubt about it!
viewpoint two: blogging is cheaper and offers more options for customisation
editing your own blog could last less than editing a 30-minute long vlog. the web pages are easier for the small and most important touches like improving the design and location of buttons on the main menu, changing the appearance of your photo albums, the main theme visualisation, etc. well, some people see blogging as a long and overwhelming editing of just another website among others popular blogs, but let’s face it – this is because of the numerous options for customisation.
criticism one: it’s easier to become famous by blogging
we are kind of uncertain for the line between the two sides in this debate because there are great examples for both cases. there are many bloggers who enjoy a great reputation too. for instance, daily mail recently published an interesting storey for a new trend of matching mother and daughter clothing, where the famous british blogger emi ozmen was involved. nevertheless, the vloggers that enjoy a world-renowned reputation are more. examples include youtube’s top vlogger ‘pewdiepie’, as well as the very popular channel of ‘casey neistat’, or the vlogs of ‘colinfurze’ that transformed him into one of the widely known video creators from the uk. not to mention that it is sometimes more effective to vlog with a group of friends like ‘how ridiculous’ and become even more famous.
viewpoint three: blogging sets fewer limitations 
you can do it everywhere – at school, in the park, at home or maybe to write something quick while waiting for the store to open, for example. you can do it on your phone, tablet or on just about any device. there is way less editing involved by contrast to the video-related things and the limits are unbounded.
now you should make at least a better distinction between blogging and vlogging, and what is best. this everlasting debate certainly does not have a definite answer. if you liked our centraldebate viewpoints and criticism, share them or let us know what’s your own opinion about blogging vs. vlogging!









gordon walsch 



debating 


august 20, 2018




comments are closed 


welcome to the blog for a more central debate 

when you want to escape from the hustle and bustle of daily modern life, don’t forget to check out this debate-centrale.org blog! we will try to transform it into your own favourite blog for daily discussions on the latest and most read opinions in the uk and abroad. well, sometimes you may come across bold overstatements like ‘we think our blog is different because most of the daily news in the newspapers are overrated’. however, debatecentral is neither a tv channel nor a uk newspaper! look at it as a source of ongoing british debates, topics and disciplines.
this blog is named debate-central.org because our approach will be to assess all the hot topics and deliver a more central or centralised opinion in the form of a group of viewpoints. characterisation is something we will try to avoid because it inevitably fogs the boundaries between two, three or more opinions. thus, we hope you could find at debatecentral blog various uk debates on popular topics like technology, nature, lifestyle, news, science, sport and more.
every post will be more like a discussion rather than a long overwhelming blog page. the themes we discuss are mostly british-related and the different opinions are clear from the moment you read their titles. you are certainly tuned up on the right channel if you need yet another daily getaway experience! sometimes, when the topic is too complex for a central discussion, we will split the viewpoints into several short posts until the debate boils down to an easier question to answer.
the main goal is to provide you with the perfect set of opinions, so you can make a more reasonable decision about the debate by yourself. if you like it – feel free to share our debates on the social media, with friends and adults alike. so, take a break from the daily modern life, sit back, relax and enjoy yourself with another debatecentral session. welcome to the english debate blog!






 




search





recent posts


top 5 best uk casino software providers


why quickfire gaming is leading the best casino software debate


the 5 best paths that will advance your debating abilities in life


why avoiding the worst holiday destinations is important for casino playing?


the everlasting debate of blogging vs. vlogging


archives

june 2020
august 2019
december 2018
september 2018
august 2018

categories

debating


 

 
 
 




2025 copyright | www.debate-central.org

 
 
 








