




appraisal services







if
you are located in southern ontario and need an appraisal of your custom
or classic vehicle we are happy to help!
 
for insurance purposes we offer our comprehensive appraisal package, one
thats been approved by the major classic and antique specialty insurers.
the appraised value will be researched to reflect the current estimated
north american market value and will make up part of a detailed 9 - 10
page report that includes at least five colour pictures of your vehicle.
the basic fee for this service is a very competitive $120.00. we will e-mail
you the completed report in pdf format and can forward you a paper copy
via xpresspost for an additional fee if you wish. 
 
for ministry of revenue and ministry of transportation purposes we offer
the standard one page governement issued appraisal form. on its own we
charge a base rate of $45 plus any applicable travel charges, however in
cases where it is purchased at the same time as an insurance appraisal
the fee is reduced to only $20. as this report must be presented to the
ministry in paper form pdf copies are not available.
 
as an independent appraiser approved by the ontario governement, and a
fully accredited member in good standing of the canadian personal property
appraisers group, we proudly adhere to strict code of ethics and approach
all assignments in a professional manner. 

please
e-mail
or call (519) 656-9930 to make your appointment
 
 
 



fee schedule

insurance appraisal
of first vehicle brought to my
location *

$120.00 



insurance appraisal of each
additional vehicle * (if appraised at same time)

$95.00 



travel
(this may be
reduced in some circumstances, e-mail
for
details)

$0.75/km 



ministry appraisal
(discounts for multiple
vehicle appraisals may apply,e-mail
for
details)

$45.00



ministry appraisal - if
purchased with insurance appraisal

$20.00



insurance appraisal report
paper copy sent via expresspost 

 $20.00




 




* - the insurance appraisals listed above are meant to be used to help the client aquire adequate insurace coverage on thier classic or special interest vehicle. post-loss appraisals, those required after an accident or theft, are completed on an hourly basis only at a rate of $85/hr.









 






we recommend zehr insurance who specialize in insuring custom, classic and vintage vehicles.









e-mail

