






rebecca penneys |



































home
bio
pedagogue

teaching
my vision
lineage
alumni


media

press quotes
reviews
interviews
concerts
cd/dvd/hd
photos


legacy

virtual book
writing
trio


contact












 


















performercd’s, dvd’s and hd videos with personal remarks and reviews. susbscribe to her youtube channel
explore more










teacherthe pedagogy and legacy pages include inspiration for all pianists.
learn more










rppf the rebecca penneys piano festival is the choice festival for outstanding pianists from around the world. held at usf tampa every july, rppf remains tuition-free!
i am so honored that the piano world has embraced my festival with such exuberance and am blessed to be able to share my piano passion in the summertime when one can be so free.
learn more










current projectscoming: beethoven brahms hd videoin-process:  talk/play hd memoirjust out: chopin op. 25 hd video available everywhere & on youtube

















“penneys offers an extraordinary collection of performances displaying an astonishing control over piano sound. it is absolutely gorgeous and full of unimaginable colors. she sings through the instrument, seemingly without effort. her playing is simply revelatory.”

american record guide









“penneys playing is nothing short of amazing.”

fanfare magazine









“a sensational effect was created by the playing of rebecca penneys. she is a genius of the piano.”

express wieczorny, warsaw









“penneys moves like a dancer, has the strength of an olympic gymnast and plays the piano like a tamed whirlwind.”

new york daily news













featured videos























recent!
two new hd videos from the piano house. chopin op. 25 and beethoven–brahms are just out on youtube. please subscribe to the channel and check out rp on all streaming platforms.

rppf 2025- 13th season
the rebecca penneys piano festival is the choice festival for outstanding pianists from around the world. held at usf tampa every july, rppf remains tuition-free!
i am so honored that the piano world has embraced my festival with such exuberance and am blessed to be able to share my piano passion in the summertime when one can be so free. we hope to be live this summer

rppf- mini
mini has become part of rppf in july; however,we do have additional year-round virtual options.

quick links

youtube
tonebase lessons
rebecca penneys friends of piano
rebecca penneys piano festival
rppf-mini
professor emerita of piano, eastman school of music
courtesy-steinway-artist-in-residence, university of south florida, tampa
new arts trio
afternoon salon trio series at rochester academy of medicine
steinway artist










 











email rebecca

join the rppf email list!






success!



email





subscribe to our newsletters










followfollowfollowfollowfollow








copyright © rebecca penneys. all rights reserved. 
powered by simple tech innovations



 

















