







conservatories, sunrooms uk, upvc conservatory design, wood, aluminium, pvcu conservatories



























 














choose a product 


select here
upvc conservatories
hardwood conservatory
aluminium conservatory
oak conservatories
sunrooms
garden rooms
orangeries
porches







please select one of the options and save up to 65% off the cost of a new conservatory   









services 


how we work

 


























gallery


conservatory brochure 





					conservatory quotation 



in home quote 
 

materials 


upvc conservatories


hardwood conservatory


aluminium conservatory


oak conservatories


sunrooms


garden rooms


orangeries


porches



information


conservatory styles


roof options


a four seasons room


price guide


selecting a supplier


difficult sites


example project


pool enclosures


planning permission


featured installation


self cleaning glass


conservatory roof vents


conservatory uses


 newsletter


victorian conservatory


edwardian conservatory


upvc conservatory


p shaped conservatory


lean to conservatories


suppliers links





                      find a supplier  


find a supplier 


find a supplier 



find a supplier 
 


find a supplier  


submit your website 


accessories


conservatory blinds


blinds brochure request


conservatory furniture 


furniture brochure


electric radiators


conservatory flooring


underfloor heating


hardwood flooring


climate control  


air conditioning


hot tubs & spas


solar coatings


screenline blinds


online book store


diy


do it yourself


diy brochure request


pros & cons


free construction guide


survey guide


diy suppliers links


diy quotation request


pvcu garden buildings


finance


home improvement loan ...compare now


conservatory finance


cost calculator


types of loans


commercial


commercial conservatories


commercial gallery


brochure request


help


free zero stress guide


questions answered


10 faq's


top conservatory tips


buyers guide


conservatory gardening


free construction guide


squint bricks


search


conservatory help


trade section


featured installation


quantal


thomas sanderson partnership


vacancies


advertise


commercial blinds


submit an article


sponsored content


conservatory design competition


community


press resources


site map


helpful resources


your experiences


about us


contact us


download area


special offers 





 





 











 



the best deals on conservatories and sunrooms across the uk







this is the premier online place for people interested in conservatories, sun-rooms, garden rooms and orangeries. we have many tips and suggestions for "adding space and light to your home". you can also source both uk and north american suppliers of conservatories, sunrooms, conservatory blinds and accessories here.






here are just a few of our features......
 


this web site is completely free for all peoples interested in conservatories, sunrooms, garden rooms and orangeries - whether as a buyer, an owner or someone just researching. for conservatory designs visit our gallery of conservatories.



 conservatory quote service submit your details here and receive up to three quotations from conservatory companies local to you.        save up to 65% off 
[request conservatory quotes] 


 planning


            permission


      find out about planning permission and building regulations for conservatories.


      must read article for anyone building a conservatory.
[more


        about planning permission]


 conservatory


          accessories


      require information on conservatory blinds, conservatory furniture, timber flooring, solar coatings, electric radiators, hot tubs or air conditioning? - check our our articles.
  [more about conservatory accessories]

 ask a conservatory expert


        do you have a question and do not know who to ask? why not try our ask a conservatory


        expert section to see if they can help.
[more about ask an expert]

 
 conservatory suppliers


            find local conservatory manufacturers


              and installers of hardwood, upvc and aluminium conservatories. both diy / self


              build conservatories and supply & fit conservatories.


                [find conservatory suppliers]
 the  upvc conservatory


      a highly insulate material, it requires little or no external maintenance & very competitively priced.


[information on a upvc conservatory]


 conservatory designs


      conservatories are available in many styles but which conservatory style is right for your home? 
[more about conservatory design]


 sunroom


        information


      all about sunrooms and sunroom design. of particular interest to our usa and


      canada visitors. includes sunroom buyers guide and sunroom jargon buster.
[more about sunrooms]

 conservatory


          base


      what are the specifications for the base and foundations on conservatories?


      how do i put the conservatory together? can you give my builder a guide? this


      guide will answer many of your questions.
[more about conservatory bases]

 diy


          conservatories


      diy and self build conservatories information. want to build my own conservatory?


      want a cheap conservatory? this article on diy conservatories will help.
[more about diy conservatories]
 
 conservatory finance 


      loans, mortgages, remortgages for home owners and your guide to financing your conservatory and all types of home improvements. also conservatory cost calculator.
[more about conservatory finance] 










special offers


click  here to receive brochures and details of special  offers on conservatories.


 hot topics  


conservatory


                  blinds: discover the advantages


                    of a wide range of conservatory blinds: pleated, pinoleum and solar blinds


                    for conservatories.  [read more...]


 special


                  feature


conservatory flooring:    review of engineered hardwood flooring - the high tech solution for conservatory owners who want a product that can cope with the possible extremes of heat in a conservatory.... [read more...]


special


                  report


climate control for conservatories:    review of how to best control the temperature in your conservatory / sunroom during all the seasons..... [read


                  more...]





 












conservatory


                    installation of the month




 view this month's featured installation, this installation gives a perfect example of laminated hardwood concertina doors. combined with the threshold being sunk, which allows kitchen tiles and garden decking to compliment one another when the doors are open.another interesting point which made this our installation of the month was the extractor, which was built up through the lead decking, allowing the cooker to be placed within the middle of the floor, creating a beautiful working galley. 



                            [read and see more on the conservatory installation]
photographs


                                courtesy of heritage conservatories



 

 






news and views from the world of conservatories - follow these links to selected articles about conservatories, homes and gardens:
commercial


    conservatory for hotel: the abbotsford hotel in ayr, scotland was determined


    to make full use of an existing courtyard at the rear of the hotel and


    to offer additional function facilities such as weddings and conferences


    etc... 


      [read more on commercial conservatories]
conservatory


        roof vents: general guidance for consumers – important


    points to consider and questions to ask your potential conservatory supplier:


    eg: does it have the potential to leak?, does the vent rely solely on silicone


    sealant to prevent water ingress?...     [read more on conservatory roof vents]
conservatory


            heating: perhaps one of the most frequently asked questions


            related to conservatories is - how do we heat our conservatory? and


            perhaps more importantly - how


        do we heat our conservatory economically? radiant panel heaters represent


        an easy to install heating solution - both for people who are just planning


        their conservatory and also for those who have already built their conservatory


        and who are now looking around for a "non-disruptive" heating


    solution... 


        


        [read more on conservatory heating]
oak conservatories: for


      many traditionalists - nothing is more magnificent than a solid oak conservatory,


      with its beautiful mellow colour, classic grain and


      sheer strength. oak has been at the heart of british tradition for centuries


      and many medieval buildings hewed from oak stand today bearing a legacy


      of its durability, beauty and timeless appeal... 


      [read more on oak conservatories]
orangeries


        and glass houses: historically


        an orangery was a place for the cultivation of oranges and lemons and other


        exotic plants. today's orangery is now often attached to the main house


        and used as room as well as for plants. orangerie conservatories combine


        the best features of a traditionally built room extension with the benefits


        of "living under glass" - as afforded by conservatory and sunroom living... 


        [read more on orangeries on glass houses]
celsius performance glass: a


          whole new concept in glazing - a glass that keeps homes cool in summer


        and warm in winter. impressive technological features combined with a


        subtle


          blue tint in the glass helps ensure that unwanted glare is kept to


        a minimum allowing


          for all year round enjoyment of the conservatory. other features mean


        heat from inside the home is reflected back into the property, whilst


        excessive


          solar heat is deflected away...[read more on celcius performance glass]
orangery and glasshouse design: the


        classic orangery design had stone built parapet walls containing large


        vertical sliding sash windows such that the glass area on the sides was


        in excess of 75%. they had a glass roof on timber rafters with a box


        gutter (usually cast iron) all round inside the parapet wall. they were


        usual separate from the main house... [read more on orangery glass house design]
pilkington


              activ™ blue for conservatories: a brand new


              version of pilkington activ™ has been launched that provides a perfect solution


              for maintaining a spotless appearance of conservatory roofs, whilst also


              keeping the interior cooler. pilkington activ™ blue, so called because


              of its attractive ice blue tint, offers the renowned self-cleaning properties


              of the original product, but with the addition of excellent solar control


              properties and good light transmission... [read more on pilkington blue for conservatories]
conservatories


                and building regulations in england & wales: is building


                regulation consent required for your conservatory? some conservatories


                can be added to an existing house (or other building) and  do not require


                consent. to be exempt they must  meet all  the following


                criteria... [read more on conservatory building regulations]
introducing thomas sanderson conservatory


                blinds: if you'd love to change the look of your conservatory


                but don't know where to start then thomas sanderson has the inspiration


                and advice you need to transform your space from a seasonal room


                to a room for all seasons... [read more on conservatory blinds]









 conservatory


                      blinds 



                      there’s no doubt that blinds add the finishing touch


                      to any conservatory, whether it is used as a sitting room,


                      dining room, playroom or office. the ability


to control heat and glare makes the room usable throughout the year, offering


protection from the sun in the summer and retaining heat in the winter. when


it comes to choice of style and material there are several options. as with most


home furnishings, you need to consider which fits best with your lifestyle and


your pocket... 


[read more on conservatory blinds]

 


 



















site sponsors - please support - thank you



























looking for local uk suppliers of pvcu (also known as   upvc or pvc plastic), wood (including hardwood, timber and oak) and metal   aluminium conservatories, sunrooms and blinds? - follow these links to our   directory
england - south east (including bedfordshire, berkshire, buckinghamshire, channel islands, essex,


                      hampshire, hertfordshire, kent, london, middlesex, oxfordshire, surrey,


                      sussex)

england - south west (including bristol, cornwall, devon, dorset, somerset, wiltshire)

england - east anglia (including   cambridgeshire, norfolk, suffolk)

england - midlands (including birmingham, derbyshire, gloucestershire, herefordshire, leicestershire, lincolnshire,


                      northamptonshire, nottinghamshire, shropshire, staffordshire, warwickshire, worcestershire)

england - north east (including durham, northumberland,   tyne & wear,   north, east,


                      south, west yorkshire)

england - north west (including cheshire, cumbria, greater manchester, lancashire, merseyside)

england - isle of wight (including cowes, ventnor, shanklin, st


helens & ryde)

scotland (including aberdeenshire, angus, central, dumfries


& galloway, fife, highlands & islands, perth & kinross, scottish borders)

wales (including central,   north, south)

ireland (northern & southern) (including antrim, belfast,


                cork, dublin,


                galway, sligo,


                tyrone)

conservatory accessories (including conservatory blinds, cane and wicker furniture, gardening suppliers, solar coatings)

conservatory system companies (including ultraframe, quantal and other suppliers of roof cresting, finials, skylights)  










attention all editors and


        journalists - click


          here   





investor relations ~ disclaimer


here


                is our privacy notice


 attention all editors and journalists - click here

for brochures


                  and quotation requests only - please call


                    us on


                    01603 899910

 for contractors that would like to register with quotatis, and for any other enquiries - please telephone :  01603 899910

   copyright © 1999 - 2010 quotatis ltd. all rights reserved.





copyright notice.
this web site including its source code is subject to the protection of the copyright laws of the united kingdom and other countries. copyright in the whole and every part of this service belongs to quotatis ltd and may not be used, sold, licensed, transferred, copied or reproduced in whole or in part in any manner or form or in or on any media to any person other than in accordance with the terms of the owner's agreement or otherwise without the prior written consent of the owner.


 please note: some of the images on this site do not belong to us. we are using them with permission. you must not copy or link directly to them without permission.






        conservatories


            online - providing you with information, advice and conservatory quote requests. 
 

please note: all calls may be recorded or monitored for quality and training purposes.


quotatis ltd
 suite 1, joseph king house, abbey farm commercial park, horsham st faith, norwich,


                nr10 3ju
tel: 01603 899910


                registered in england 05643725

please click here to contact us

this site is


            designed and hosted by quotatis














