home | harwich marinersscheduleteam inforosterplayer statsstandingsnewsyouth clinicsget involvedvolunteershost familiesinternshipsabout uscontact uswhitehouse fieldplan your stayhistoryarchivesteam storecape league tvccbl teamsbourne bravesbrewster whitecapschatham anglerscotuit kettleersfalmouth commodoresharwich marinershyannis harbor hawksorleans firebirdswareham gatemenyarmouth-dennis red soxscheduleteam infonewsyouth clinicsget involvedabout ushistoryteam storecape league tvccbl teamsharwich mariners win sixth cape league titlethe mariners defeated the two-time defending champion bourne braves, two games to one, in the championship series of the cape league playoffs to claim their first title since 2011.
moreharwich takes down y-d to advance to cape league championship seriesfrom worst to first, down but not out, david beats goliath; insert whatever cliche you want to use to describe the harwich mariners' 5-1 victory over the yarmouth-dennis red sox on thursday night.
morecarousel-arrow-left-527338carousel-arrow-right-527339trending nowharwich falters in game 2 of ccbl championship seriesthe harwich mariners allowed the bourne braves to force a game 3 in the cape cod baseball league championship series on sunday night, dropping game 2 of the series, 7-1. bourne’s offense got to work after a stagnant game 1 while their pitching staff cruised through the mariners lineup to... harwich takes game 1 of ccbl championship series, 7-3, over bournethe harwich mariners put themselves in the driver’s seat in the cape cod baseball league championship series on saturday night, picking up a commanding 7-3 victory in game 1 against the bourne braves. a well-balanced offensive attack paired with efficient pitching put the mariners just one win away from their... harwich takes down yarmouth-dennis to advance to ccbl championshipfrom worst to first, down but not out, david beats goliath; insert whatever cliche you want to use to describe the harwich mariners 5-1 defeat of the yarmouth-dennis red sox thursday night. from the depths of the cape cod baseball league standings, the mariners have caught fire, and will now... harwich wins game 1 against yarmouth-dennis, 10-2the harwich mariners moved one win closer to a cape cod baseball league championship on wednesday evening with a 10-2 thumping of the yarmouth-dennis red sox in game 1 of the east division championship series. backed by strong pitching and an all-around dominant day from the offense, the mariners took... harwich announces 2024 year-end award winnersprior to sunday's regular season finale, the mariners announced the four recipients of their 2024 year-end awards. the quartet of cade kurland (florida), matt scannell (princeton/wake forest), ryan desanto (saint joseph's/penn state) and cam maldonado (northeastern) were recognized for their efforts on- and off-the-field this summer for the harwich franchise.... more-527340 donate to the harwich mariners season starting in:dayshrsminssecsfollow the mariners on social mediax-527341instagram-527342facebook-527343youtube-527344tiktok-527345tweets by harwichmariners become a host familythe mariners are welcoming new host families for next summer.if you or someone you know would like to take in a mariners player (or two) please contact mary henderson at mehendy@comcast.net.thank you to our sponsorsterms of useprivacy policycontact uscopyright © 2025 