










outfitters for adventure | training the next generation to reach their world with the good news of jesus christ	
































skip to primary content


outfitters for adventure
training the next generation to reach their world with the good news of jesus christ


 

search




main menu

homearticles

* neil thielke, end times

1. pre-requisites for end times doctrine
2. biblical interpretation – golden rule of interpretation
3. starting place & framework
4. battles of gog & armageddon, and the rapture
5. three biblical signs of being on the precipice of the very end of time
6. god still speaks of end times
7. the moral of the story: the christian mission


* neil thielke: are apostles for today
* neil thielke: faith
* neil thielke: reasons for suffering
* neil thielke: shepherding role of every christian
+ james mccracken: manual – funerals
+ james mccracken: manual – preaching outline
+ james mccracken: manual – weddings
hugh laybourn: being one with god
hugh laybourn: family of god
keith hazell: what are you doing here?


contact us
helping kenya
mentoring

* neil thielke: 1) how god speaks to us
* neil thielke: 2) salvation — house and road diagrams
* neil thielke: 3) water baptism
billy graham: how to grow
guy duty: 8 rules of interpretation
is salvation a free gift?


neil’s blog

is biblical relevance eroded by delay?
where was god at the newtown shootings?
travel journals


neil’s syllabus
statement of faith








vision



to initiate and facilitate the planting and maturing of local churches
to train and send workers into the harvest field
to network with ministries worldwide in achieving the great commission
to nurture relationship networks

in the new testament, jesus and his apostles established a pattern for churches, building up the workers in the churches, and equipping them for the ministries into which god called them. this passage works in today’s churches just as it did in the first century a.d.       ephesians 4:11-13 it was he who gave some to be apostles, some to be prophets, some to be evangelists, and some to be pastors and teachers, to prepare god’s people for works of service, so that the body of christ may be built up until we all reach unity in the faith and in the knowledge of the son of god and become mature, attaining to the whole measure of the fullness of christ. —niv
book release: navigating life: a mentoring toolbox, published september, 2023

 











					proudly powered by wordpress				









