







bhaktivedanta manor – hare krishna temple watford – a spiritual sanctuary






















































search





























visiting times: mon – sat 10.00am – 1.00pm and 4.00pm – 7.30pm | sun 10.00am – 7.30pm
  
visit

plan your visit 
travel directions 
temple information 
contact us 
book a school group 
attractions

george harrison garden 
temple 
cows and oxen 
woodland walk 
organic farm 
gardens 
rose garden 
gift shop and café 
playground 


upcoming events 


teachings

what is the hare krishna movement? 
philosophy faq 
wisdom blog 
essential teachings 
manor history

the story 
george harrison 


courses and workshops 


community

upcoming events 
news and bulletins 
join a sanga 
book a ceremony 
find a mentor 
schools and krishna club 
youth group 
outreach 
calendar 


get involved

events for beginners 
be a monk challenge 
courses and workshops 
volunteer with us 


donate

gita jayanti 
annadan – feeding 
arati & bhoga 
become a patron 
goshala – cows 
food items 
other donation options 























sanctuary 
							a spiritual 
							
a place to fulfil your yearning for spiritual happiness. come visit us! 
							
plan your visit 
							 


learning 
							a place of 
							
a place to discover impactful spirituality for the modern-day seeker. 
							
find a course 
							 




















visit bhaktivedanta manor
the manor is a spiritual sanctuary spread over 78 acres of land with plentiful gardens, an organic farm, a protected herd of cows, a temple, a monastery and a community of spiritual seekers! there are a lot of things to get involved in too. and if it’s your first time, someone from our team can meet you and give you a tour!



plan your visit








are you on a spiritual journey?

if you’re a ‘seeker’ and want to learn the wisdom secrets of ancient eastern philosophy, there are many fun, inspiring and enlightening offerings to get involved in!
yoga and meditation eventsspiritual wellbeing retreatscourses on philosophybe a monk 7-day challengemystic india & nepal 2025 trip


find out more















festivals

and events











			feb		

			17		








4:30 pm - 7:30 pm 



		appearance of srila bhaktisiddhanta sarasvati thakur	










			feb		

			23		








		all day	



		sunday love feast	










			feb		

			25		








4:30 pm - 7:30 pm 



		disappearance of sri ishvara puri	










			mar		

			13		








		all day	



		gaura purnima	










			mar		

			16		








		all day	



		gaura purnima (festival)	










			mar		

			22		








5:00 pm - 7:00 pm 



		appearance of sri srivas pandit	









		view calendar	










courses

and retreats






 



manor. mantra. music










 



“discover yourself” wellbeing day retreat










 



caitanya caritamrita compact










 



journey to america retreat










 



danger resolving conflicts











view more courses



news

and bulletins






 



bhaktivedanta players celebrate 40 years of dramatic devotion





					january 25, 2025				










 



well-being retreat for new guests





					january 16, 2025				










 



liverpool –  spiritual seekers abound!





					january 13, 2025				










 



meals on wheels!





					january 9, 2025				










 



the manor’s got talent!





					january 2, 2025				











read more news















support

your temple

contribute towards the deities and cows, sponsor books for sharing spiritual wisdom or just donate towards the upkeep of the temple
donate




get

involved

come and be part of the community. you can help plan festivals, milk the cows or do a bit of gardening. whatever your talent, we’ll fit you in
volunteer




book a

ceremony

celebrate important occasions with us. book a wedding, baby blessing, or any ceremony and invite spiritual blessings into your life
celebrate













the wisdom blog





08 january 2025january 8, 2025vrindavan in the heartwisdom
a meditation and immersion, exploring the importance and spiritual beauty of vrindavan, the land of krishna (the supreme personality of godhead) and his servants. 

read more 





08 november 2024november 8, 2024bhishma panchaka: the potent fivewisdom
the lord is offering us even more blessings as we prepare to enter the last week of the kartik month. the last five days of the month of kartik are traditionally known as bhishma panchaka

read more 





01 november 2024november 1, 2024a sense of urgencywisdom
at the temple there is a sense of urgency, the eagerness to make spiritual progress now – in this life – and not later, on another day or in some future birth.

read more 





01 october 2024october 1, 2024prayer: a spiritual anchorwisdom
begin your dialogue with the lord by offering a prayer, and you will be surprised at how quickly lord krishna responds.

read more 





28 august 2024august 28, 2024envisioning eternitywisdom
an offering by s.b. keshava swami, on the occasion of the appearance day of the founder of the international society for krishna consciousness, srila prabhupada.

read more 





06 august 2024august 6, 2024tapping into transcendencewisdom
for a person desiring to deepen their personal bhajan, vrindavan is the place to go. a simple environment combined with the association of saintly people from all varieties of spiritual sects provides a rare opportunity to experience spiritual life from all angles of vision.

read more 





27 june 2024june 27, 2024beyond ordinarywisdom
what happens when introverts or extroverts become devotees? do they need to change their nature to make tangible spiritual advancement?

read more 





11 june 2024june 11, 2024eat, pray, love: the importance of ekadasiwisdom
ekadasi plays a vital role in every devotee’s life. it is observed eleven days after the full moon and eleven days after the new moon of every month. on that day, devotees eat simply, avoiding grains, beans and pulses, and use their time to serve lord krishna, chant more japa than usual, and read more devotional literature. they spend more time associating with other devotees at the temple.

read more 





30 may 2024may 31, 2024morning prayerswisdom
spare a day in a week, find a free couple of days in a month, or commit yourself for one week in a year when you can come to the morning program at the temple and experience true spiritual happiness in the association of devotees and in the presence of the most beautiful sri sri radha gokulananda.

read more 





27 may 2024june 7, 2024is there really only ‘one sun’? by radha mohan daswisdom
statements by his divine grace a. c. bhaktivedanta swami prabhupāda such as “within this universe there is only one sun” is, of course, challenging for the scientifically-minded.

read more 





08 april 2024april 11, 2024the monks of the manorwisdom
although the manor is very famous for the festivals, not all are aware that many sadhus (holy people) reside in the temple. it is the association with saintly devotees that makes the holy place special, and pilgrimage to the temple complete.

read more 





08 march 2024march 8, 2024tune in, go deepwisdom
bhaktivedanta manor is truly a sacred place, non-different from vrindavan. everything we require to make spiritual perfection is there. if we tune in deeply into spiritual practice, we will experience much more than the eye can perceive.

read more 


















what is the hare krishna movement?
the ‘hare krishna movement’ is the informal name of the international society for krishna consciousness (iskcon), and has its roots in the ancient teachings of the ‘vedas’, which are historical philosophical treatises dating back to over 5,000 years.
the movement was brought to the western world in 1965 by his divine grace a.c. bhaktivedanta swami prabhupada, known lovingly by the followers of the movement as ‘srila prabhupada’. he wrote over sixty volumes of authoritative translations, commentaries and summary studies of the philosophical and religious classics of india. thus, today srila prabhupada is recognised as one of india’s greatest spiritual ambassadors of the 20th century.

find out more






























can’t find what you’re looking for?
check out the sitemap by clicking the button below. a few other links are in the footer at the bottom. and the rest are in the menu. between these three places, you should be able to find everything! 

sitemap


















visiting times mon – sat
10.00am – 1.00pm
4.00pm – 7.30pm
sun
10.00am – 7.30pm

plan your visit 
plan your visit
giftshop and café
cows and oxen centre
upcoming events
contact us


manor services 
live tv and downloads
daily darshan
book a ceremony
online shop
schools and krishna club
youth club
volunteer with us
vacancies
find a mentor
find a local group
outreach
book a wedding
venue hire
guesthouse
calendar
whatsapp community


related websites 
eulogies
school of bhakti
wisdom for beginners
kirtan london
youth group
university events
matrimonial services
iskcon international
iskcon uk
iskcon london
keshava swami blog


 











hare krishna hare krishna krishna krishna hare hare hare rama hare rama rama rama hare hare




















 
privacy notice / © 2023 international society for krishna consciousness / bhaktivedanta manor - registered charity no. 1157877		







we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 










get the latest updates

join our whatsapp channel to get the latest updates on upcoming events, festivals etc.

join








			×			


















































