




things to know before applying to study in the us | wowessays™



































































we use cookies to enhance our website for you. proceed if you agree to this policy or learn more about it.


i agree















hire a writer


sign in 













hire a writer







                            world of writing hub
                        

blog
free essay writing tools
quizzes and tests
essay topics
types of essays
free essay examples
best essay writing services



how it works



                        about us
                    

who we are
contact us
our writers
our guarantees
faq
honor code
wowessays™ reviews
our services



discounts


prices










hire a writer 


sign in 






















prices dropped - now starting at just $8 per page! buy now, save instantly, get the job done on time!


order







































essay writer service


> 


blog


> 


student life










international student's guide for studying in the usa


student life
15 min read
28 apr 2023


the united states boasts the world's largest international student population. of over 1 million people currently enrolled in us colleges and universities, nearly 5% are international students. that is about 50,000 students – and the number keeps growing. the reason is not only quality education and unique research facilities but also opportunities for employment and overall experience living in america that young people around the world find attractive.
however, along with all the undisputable benefits, studying in the usa presents its unique challenges that you need to know about before you decide to apply to one of the us higher education institutions. this guide aims to inform students considering getting a degree from one of the us schools about academic and legal requirements, educational process, and other details you might want to consider when making your decision.

language proficiency
to apply to a us school, you will need to present one of the internationally acknowledged certificates of english proficiency, proving that you can participate in all the classes and understand the curriculum. as a rule, one of the following is accepted in most colleges and universities:
toefl – test of english as a foreign language, one of the most common and widely accepted certificates. preferred by 9 out of 10 us universities.
ielts – international english language testing system, another popular certification system commonly accepted in the united states.
pte – pearson test of english, a popular exam among international students, accepted by the majority of colleges and universities in the usa.
the required level of english proficiency depends on the particular program or college you choose. however, usually, to obtain a student visa, your level must be no lower than b2 for the undergraduate program and higher for grad school. examination usually tests reading, speaking, listening, and writing skills to ensure you are a competent conversationalist, listener, reader, and essay writer.
   order custom paper
required documents
the complete list of documents required for the application and enrollment depends on the particular school. however, usually, you will need the standard package necessary for a student visa application:

academic transcripts from your previous program (high school if you apply to the undergraduate program; bachelor's degree transcripts if you apply for master's; master's when applying for phd program, etc.
test scores, including english proficiency test (see above) and sat/act/gmat/gre depending on the program and university you are applying to.
statement of purpose and other essays, depending on the school. usually, the more selective the school, the more writing supplements it will require to get a better understanding of your motivations, qualifications, and potential fit for the program. you might want to hire the help of a professional essay writing service to make sure your writing supplements show you as a candidate in the best possible light.
recommendations from teachers who taught you your highest academic level to date. as a rule, you will need 2 letters of recommendation, but this may depend on the school and program.
copy of your valid passport that is issued before your application and valid six months beyond the time of your intended program end. that means that if you are applying, for example, to a 4year bachelor's program that ends may 2028, your international passport must be valid through november 2028. if you have a passport that expires sooner, you will need to apply for a new one, so you can submit its serial number. without the number of a valid passport, your school won't be able to send you the forms necessary for a student visa application.
proof of funds sufficient to cover your living and tuition fees for at least one academic year of participation in your target program. you must provide a bank statement or other paper proving that you, your friends, family, or a nonprofit organization providing scholarships will fund your stay. without proof of funds, you cannot apply for a student visa.
portfolio with your works is usually required for programs in art, design, and architecture. still, it can also be required for other majors, so make sure to check with your target school before applying.
extracurricular activities, volunteering experience, community work, etc.

costs of tuition and living
higher education in the united states is as desirable as it is expensive. yearly tuition fees, on average, are about $26,000 per year in public universities and about $36,000 in private schools for international students. other costs, such as room and board, books, supplies, health insurance, and transportation, depend on the state but nevertheless can crop up to a hefty sum, so you must consider whether you can cover studying in your target school.
of course, tuition cost is a vital factor to consider when you decide where to apply, but don't base your decision on the size of fees in a particular school only. even though international students aren't eligible for federal financial aid, there are other ways to supplement your funding. many private funds and non-profits provide merit-based, need-based, major-specific, heritage-specific, gender-specific, religious, and other targeted financial support to international students. research whether you are eligible for any scholarships or grants before you give up on the school of your dreams only because you cannot afford it independently.
moreover, some schools go out of their way to remove financial barriers that might prevent a promising candidate from applying and adopt need-blind admission policies meaning that the applicant with an income below a certain level isn't expected to cover their tuition fees. some universities meet 100% of demonstrated financial needs, providing full-ride scholarships, including international students. among them are harvard, princeton, mit, yale, dartmouth, brown university, amherst college, bowdoin college, and others.
types of programs
when choosing a program, there are some key terms to understand. the us university language can be confusing if your country uses a different system. here is what you need to know:
major – a subject area that is the main focus of your degree, with the majority of courses you will take contributing to your knowledge in this subject. the terms "major" and "program" are often used interchangeably.
minor – a second area of interest that you can study parallel to your major. in many programs, you can include a minor as part of your course. usually, it takes about 8-10 courses in a specific subject to declare it your minor (out of 40 or so required for your degree).
concentration/specialization/option/area of emphasis – an alternative track within a major. for example, a concentration in linguistics within the english major or an option in molecular cell biology within the biology major. the differences between those terms usually depend on the particular percentage of courses you take within your major requirements. different schools might use other words for these.
undergraduate degree – the first level of higher education studies that you normally start after high school. in the us, there are 2-year and 4-year programs at an undergraduate level: associate degree and bachelor's degree.
associate degree – associate of arts and associate of science degrees are intermediate degrees awarded after 2-year programs in junior or community colleges. they are designed for students to transfer to a 4-year university with 60 credits, so it will take them less time to complete their bachelor's in a more competitive or expensive school. over 1,000 us colleges offer 2-year associate programs.
bachelor's degree – typically takes 4 years to complete if you apply immediately after high school, but can be completed in two if you have already earned an associate degree and transferred your academic credits that school counted towards the 120-128 credit hours required to complete your degree. bachelor's degree has common variations, such as bachelor of arts for humanities (abbreviated to ba) and bachelor of science for stem subjects (shortened to bs). over 2,000 us colleges and universities offer 4-year programs on the undergraduate level.
 graduate degrees – master's degree and doctoral degree. you can pursue these degrees immediately after completing a bachelor's or return to graduate school later when you have some working experience. some fields, such as physical therapy, require graduate degrees to find employment. graduate degrees are essential in many fields if you want to pursue an academic career – conducting research and teaching.
master's degree – next after bachelor's; means you have gained deep knowledge in your field of study. usually requires one or two years of study beyond the bachelor's degree, with independent research that you submit as a thesis before you can graduate. some examples include a master of science (ms), master of arts (ma), master of public health (mph), master of business administration (mba), etc.
doctoral degree – next after master's; means you are an expert in your field who can carry out independent research and contribute to academic knowledge. while some universities will allow you to enter doctoral programs straight after your bachelor's, especially if you graduated with honors, others prefer candidates with completed master's. examples of doctorates include the most commonly awarded doctor of philosophy (phd), doctor of education (edd), doctor of medicine (md), juris doctor (jd) for lawyers and judges, etc.
academic process
one of the most attractive features of the academic process in the united states is flexibility. first of all, the program does not depend on the number of semesters but rather on the number of academic credits. if the program is described as a "four-year" one, it only means that it would take a student, on average, 4 years to complete it, should they follow the recommended credit hours per semester academic load. however, you can take more subjects each semester and graduate sooner if you feel up to it. alternatively, you can take fewer subjects each semester, combine your studies with work, and complete your course in five or six years. however, you must ensure that you meet the minimum requirement qualifying you as a full-time student if, for example, you receive a scholarship for full-time students.
colleges and universities usually offer a wide variety of courses and topics to explore. students can take any classes they find interesting, regardless of their program and major. of course, there are compulsory and recommended courses, but there are usually four of five elective courses that are not required but still give you credits that count toward your degree. this leaves students the freedom to explore their intellectual curiosities and change the course of their studies as they discover new interests.
for example, an estimated 20-50 percent of students enroll in college with undecided majors. even if they declare their major when applying, they can still change it. up to 75% of students change their major at least once. you can also have a double major, a major and a minor, or a major and a concentration – depending on how many credits you earned in a particular area of study.
this might sound a bit confusing, but schools usually assign academic advisors to students to counsel and guide them in selecting courses, majors and setting career goals for the future, so you don't have to worry about it.
how classes are held
if you have been researching us colleges and universities, you have probably come across terms like spring semester, fall semester, and summer semester. the academic year in the us is divided into two semesters, with the fall beginning in august or september, depending on the state and school, and running through january. the spring semester in college typically starts right after winter break in mid-to-late january and lasts through may.
the summer semester starts around june and spans two months. it is the shortest semester and is sort of auxiliary. students take summer classes to earn academic credits, meet their degree requirements, and graduate sooner. language courses for international students are often held in the summer to prepare them for the fall semester of their first year.
however, not all subjects are available in the summer, and sometimes summer schooling costs more than during the regular semester. generally, students prefer to take a break in the summer and rest or find a summer job to fund their tuition. as you can see, your graduation date will depend not on the fixed number of years or semesters but on the number of credits earned. credits are the most significant factor, representing the number of hours you have devoted to learning. each course you take will have its assigned number of credit points based on the volume of course material you will have to study.
the coursework is mainly expected to be learned independently. you will read, study, and participate in class seminars and debates. your grades will depend not on your attendance or the accuracy of your class notes but on your submitted assignments and discussion participation, so classes might get quite competitive with so many students striving to show off their knowledge. don't be discouraged by that. come prepared and take the initiative rather than waiting until the instructor asks you something.
this might seem stressful for a student outside their familiar environment and native language, especially if you are a reserved, private person. however, this system comes with upsides. your instructors will be available outside of classes too. they have office hours dedicated to answering your question and assisting you with course materials. meet them during office hours or email them if you struggle with the course or want to show your engagement.
planning your travel
when planning your travel and booking tickets, you might want to consider arriving early to give yourself as much time as possible to adapt to campus and prepare before your first day of classes. however, make sure you comply with immigration regulations. they require you to arrive in the us no more than 30 days in advance of the program start and no later than the program start date, so you have a 30-day window for your trip.
you will need to consider your wardrobe, among other things. it can differ significantly depending on whether you start your studies in the fall or spring. however, the geographical location of your school will make the biggest difference. if you base your perception of the us on balmy florida or sunny los angeles, studying somewhere in new england might be a surprisingly chilly experience.
the united states is a vast country with a very diverse climate, so you will need to read all about the area where you will live for the next several years. in fact, it's a good idea to research weather conditions in places where your prospective schools are located even before you decide where to apply since it can contribute significantly to your overall experience.
other important necessities
campus life differs from home life for all students, domestic and international alike. however, international students might find it even more challenging. before leaving home, here is what you should consider and arrange:
bank account. research potential banks near your future campus where you can open an account in the us. some local banks affiliate with universities to offer additional benefits to students, such as campus discounts and special offers at local restaurants, leisure centers, and retailers.
documents. ensure you have access to all the crucial documents you need to live in the us as an international student: passport, visa, i-20 form, health insurance, recommendation letters, test scores, etc. have electronic copies of those with you on a device or in the cloud storage and a couple of printed copies in your carry-on luggage – just in case.
medication. if you rely on personal medication, check if it is available in the us and can be obtained in pharmacies near your campus. if not, you might want to bring a supply of medication with you in case of emergencies.
electronics. check in with your provider to learn if your phone will work in the us or if you can place a us sim card into your device. if not, you will need to buy a phone and a service plan in the us. also, charges and power cables for your phone, laptop, or other devices might not be compatible with the us sockets. you might need to bring an adaptor with you to charge your devices. otherwise, you will need to buy appropriate cables once you arrive.
for more detailed information about language courses, visa application process, legal requirements, and eligibility, head to the official website of the us government: https://www.usa.gov/study-in-us
for more information about particular schools, look at the rankings, for example, here https://www.forbes.com/top-colleges/ or here https://www.usnews.com/best-colleges/rankings/national-universities.










vicki mata











vicki mata







vicki mata is a devoted contributor to the wowessays™ blog. not that long out of university, yet already a tempered writer, she's a perfect medium to present the most essential news and useful information about campus life and education in general, as well as notable scholarships in particular.





share with friends using:




←  previous
which programming language should you learn as a beginner?


next  →
how to answer popular scholarship questions: handling the classic “tell us about yourself”







generate
order an essay





calculate price









type of paper

annotated bibliography

                                argumentative essay
                            
article
article review
                            
biography
book review
                            
business plan
                            
capstone project
                            
case study
coursework
                            
creative writing
                            
critical thinking
                            

                                essay
                            
exam notes
lab report
literature review
                            
movie review
                            
poster presentation
                            
presentation
                            
question & answer
                            
reflective report
                            
report
research paper
                            
research proposal
                            
speech
term paper
thesis
thesis proposal
                            
thesis statement
                            
biology assignment
                            
chemistry assignment
                            

                                engineering assignment
                            
geography assignment
                            
math assignment
                            
physics assignment
                            

                                programming assignment
                            
other assignment
                            
dissertation
                            

                                dissertation abstract
                            

                                dissertation chapter
                            

                                dissertation conclusion
                            

                                dissertation hypothesis
                            

                                dissertation introduction
                            

                                dissertation methodology
                            

                                dissertation proposal
                            

                                dissertation results
                            

                                dissertation topics
                            
admission essay
                            
application letter
                            
cover letter
                            
curriculum vitae
                            
personal statement
                            
resume

                                multiple choice questions
                            
problem solving
                            

                                editing/proofreading
                            
typing
other



subject arear


accounting
biology
business
chemistry
computer science
economics
engineering
finance
financial management
geography
geology
logic
mathematics
medicine
nutrition
pharmacology
physics
science
statistics
technology




academic level


high school

undergraduate

bachelor

professional



type of service


 academic writing
                            

 editing & proofreading
                            

 calculations
                            







deadline

3 hours
6 hours
12 hours
24 hours
2 days
3 days
7 days
14 days
20 days





pages


+

-




275 words = 1 page double-spaced



approx. price

9



order now




















looking for essays to inspire you? we have samples of all types on any topic under the
                            sun!






other pages





            transport book reviews
        



            brake term papers
        



            porcelain term papers
        



            debris term papers
        



            overload term papers
        



            servitude term papers
        



            pile term papers
        



            plaster term papers
        



            auction term papers
        



            thickness term papers
        



            accomplice term papers
        



            the new deal essay sample
        



            example of course work on planets outside our solar system
        



            power to control communication essay examples
        



            essay on friendship 2
        



            good applying the 4th amendment in the computer age research paper example
        



            example of research paper on women menstruation in buddhism
        



            the jefferson era and the jacksonian era essays examples
        



            good term paper on the population of india past present and future
        



            good example of facilitator research paper
        



            the iron wall summary essay
        



            use of insecticides regulated vs unregulated vs partially regulated use of insecticides essay
        



            how reality is socially constructed essay sample
        



            good essay on does technology make us more completely human or less human
        



            good example of essay on a child called it
        



            example of essay on the microcosm of gender inequality and discrimination
        



            slide 1 social anxiety disorder research paper samples
        



            research critique research paper sample
        



            good reflective cover memo for final for now essay example
        



            passion fruit and strawberry research paper sample
        



            meriwether essays
        



            newburn essays
        



            meigs essays
        



            anti ballistic missile essays
        



            phyllis essays
        



            socialization process essays
        



            summer internship essays
        



            microsoft monopoly essays
        



            total freedom essays
        



            quality service essays
        



            president james essays
        



            fat man essays
        



            government oversight essays
        


show all
















pay for research paper
research papers help
buy custom essay
college essay writing service
write my book report
essay writer
buy personal statement
custom college papers
pre written essays
admission essay writing service
help me write a poem
buy capstone projest
nursing essay writing service
science homework helper
statistics homework help
math homework help
chemistry homework help
physics homework help
research paper writer
accounting homework help
essay writers for hire
annotated bibliography writing service
law essay writing service
creative writing services
poem writing service
buy a poem
buy coursework
academic ghostwriting services
homework writing service
mba essay writing service
buy resume
resume writing services
buy speeches online
write my speech
write my literature review
business essay writing service
write my lab report
buy powerpoint presentation
essay finder
do my programming homework
computer science homework help
programming assignments help
buy critical essay
do my project for me
letter writing service
write my discussion board post
same day essay writing service
do my excel homework
do my powerpoint presentation
 college essay help online
powerpoint presentation service
write my essay outline
graduate paper writing service
apa paper writer
dissertation proposal help
buy a research proposal
buy english essays
research proposal writer
economics essay writing service
history essay writing service
philosophy essay writer
speech writing services
write my report
term paper help
case study help
buy assignment online
professional case study writers
write my case study
pay for papers
custom papers online
homework help online
paper writing help
do my homework
order essay online
case study writing service
custom essay service
write papers for money
term papers for sale
custom term paper
custom research paper
write my personal statement
write my term paper
personal statement help
write my college essays
term paper writing service
write my research paper
personal statement writer
scholarship essay writing service
write essays for money
pay for homework
report writing service
correct my essay
buy thesis paper
custom thesis writing service
thesis writing services
dissertation help online
professional dissertation writers
write my dissertation
cheap dissertation writing services
custom dissertation
dissertation writing services
revise my essay
edit my paper
complete coursework for me
do my assignment
do my coursework
essay proofreading service
essay editing service
essay rewriting service
already written essays
coursework help
custom coursework
coursework writing service
college paper help
write my assignment
pay to do my assignment
do my computer science homework



show all



info


donate an essay


disclaimer


terms of use


privacy policy


cookies policy


revision policy


report a complaint


money back guarantee


quality evaluation policy


fair use policy


prohibited jurisdictions




payment safety
regardless of the payment method you choose for checking out, all transactions are safe and encryption-protected. we only work with verified pci dss-compliant platforms that ensure customers' confidentiality and absolute security of their data.










we accept










1-877-736-7771(toll-free for us only)

2025 wowessays.com. all rights reserved.












                    forgot password?
                     we’ll email you the instructions on how to reset it



email

please enter your email


cancel
                        
send













done!
password recovery email has been sent to email@email.com
great











×


                    generate new password
                     please enter & confirm your new password



new password


please enter your password.


confirm new password


passwords don't match.


change password

internal server error.
                    please try again later.
                











password updated!
use your new password to log in
go ahead











sorry...
you are not register!










registration
already have an account? log in


email

please enter a valid email
 doesn't match
                            any account. sign up for an
                                    account


note! you will receive your password on your email 


register

by clicking register, you agree to our terms of service 
                            and that you have read our privacy
                                policy.




or with your social media account







internal server error.
                    please try again later.
                













×


thank you!
now you can download documents directly to your device!
download










×



thank you!
 check your email! an email with your password has already been sent to you! now you can download documents directly to your device.

download











be careful! this essay is not unique
                    this essay was donated by a student and is likely to have been used
                        and submitted before
                    


i need a unique paper
download this sample


or use the qr code to save this paper to your phone












plagiarism result





unique (6%)
plagiarism (94%)


the sample is not original!
order a unique paper from wowessays right now!
order unique paper











short on a deadline?
don't waste time. get help with 11% offusing code - getwowed
hire a writer
no, thanks! i'm fine with missing my deadline





















contact us
chat now
write to us






