



			sencia canada ltd. - thunder bay web design & development
		


















skip to content

toggle navigation






homeportfolioproductsservicescompanysupportcontact












with 4 steps we can revamp your website;
discuss, design, develop, deploy.
discuss design develop deploy










5,000 employees to train and no time to do it?
we've got you covered.
training users










efficiency, meet sencia.
concentrate on what you need to get done, we'll keep track of everything else.
userhomecar










web icon website design
we develop websites that implement the most current, innovative technologies for accessibility and responsive web design. our team works closely with our clients to ensure each project includes visually appealing and accessible design, leading-edge technology and brand-centered ideas that work to make your ideas stand out!
web design services


flag icon web development
with over 20 years of experience developing websites from our office in thunder  bay, ontario, we’ve been providing inventive and cutting-edge website solutions to both local and international clients. with expertise in; ecommerce, real estate and community based websites. we can help plan, manage, develop and launch any of your web development projects.
web development services


bullhorn icon  marketing solutions
the online market can be very competitive! seo, social and marketing campaigns are often key to ranking above your competitors on search engines. our marketing specialists can assist you with building your brand, online exposure as well as provide planning, monitoring and reporting of your online advertising and ppc campaigns.
online marketing services








code icon we're web developers
sencia canada ltd. located in thunder bay, ontario, provides canadian and us businesses with complete professional e-business solutions and services, including; web design, custom programming & web development, seo, and more. our products are designed to make your workflow more efficient, whether it’s a learning management system that allows you to train your employees, a content management system that gives you control over your website's content and files, or a data management system that lets you track and share valuable data within your company or business. we can help, we know web development and design.
more about sencia    request a quote


desktop icon featured projects
please check back soon!


announcement do you have a project?










puzzle icon web management solutions
we believe managing your website should be easy, which is why we developed sims. sims is an online content management system (cms) which makes editing your website content and files easy! in addition to sims, we also provide development and support to users of other popular cms’s such as wordpress, joomla and drupal.
learn about sims



group icon an experienced team
our team consists of specialized and multi-talented indivisuals! with each project you have our group of trained; web programmers, web designers, seo specialists, accessibility specialists, copywriters, project managers, online marketing specialists and support specialists, all working together to ensure your project meets or exceeds your expectations.
meet our team



twitter icon latest tweets
tweets by @senciaweb
the twitter feed requires cookies to function. if you want to engage with us please accept our use of cookies.











online meeting centre


enter meeting id


meet now




need to contact us?

sencia canada ltd.suite 301 - 91 cumberland st. s.thunder bay, onp7b 6a7
business hours:9:00am - 5:00pm (monday - friday)
									24/7 high-priority support & web server monitoring
tel: (807) 768.6603fax: (807) 768.2218toll-free: 1 (888) 817.3707email: info@sencia.ca
									support email: support@sencia.ca









we use cookies to personalize content, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. i accept
more details





© 2025 sencia canada ltd., all rights reserved.
web design & development. site map. policies. accessible customer service policy.
						



facebook icon
twitter icon
linkedin icon



get a quote









search the site














