



the official alfa romeo website | premium cars | alfa romeo uk



















































































































new alfa romeo junior

available with 0% apr with 10% deposit*




explore junior


book a test drive
































                    tonale available with 0% apr*
                



selected tonale stock available to drive away with 0% apr when placing a 10% deposit with personal contract purchase*.
choose plug-in hybrid 280hp and get a home ev charger including standard installation worth up to £999^^.
enjoy extra peace of mind with a 3-year service plan for £399^.

contact us for details on the available stock and for a personal finance quote.

  	            	
                        
                    
                        
                 	         
                        
                    
                    
  
    

request a quote







































junior







from £33,895
home ev charger inc installation^^




explore junior


design and price














tonale







from £36,575
3-year service plan for £399^




explore tonale


design and price














giulia







from £41,645
3-year service plan for £399^




explore giulia


design and price














stelvio







from £46,350
3-year service plan for £399^




explore stelvio


design and price














giulia quadrifoglio







from £79,495
3-year service plan for £399^




explore quadrifoglio


design and price














stelvio quadrifoglio







from £88,645
3-year service plan for £399^




explore stelvio quadrifoglio


design and price
















choose your passion, start your purchase online




design

select your alfa romeo model, choose your trim, engine, and colour from the range of alfa romeo cars.






price

use the finance calculator to tailor our offers to suit you.






share

contact your local retailer to find out more about our range of premium cars.






3-year service plan

complimentary with junior, £399 for giulia, stelvio and tonale^.






design and price 


















                    tribe days 3rd edition moved to 2025
                















an exclusive event for all four-wheel enthusiasts: alfisti, clubs, and collectors, all united by the same vibrant passion.




discover more​











                    crafting a masterpiece
                















discover the documentary series telling the story of how the alfa romeo 33 stradale was born, as seen through the eyes of its protagonists.




discover more











                    alfa romeo museum
                















a journey into our brand's history. to illuminate the present. to glimpse into the future.




discover more











                    classic car services
                















the splendour of vintage alfa romeo cars is guaranteed to be maintained over the years thanks to the heritage series.




discover more





















disclaimer


images shown are for illustrative purposes only. models shown include yellow brake calipers which are not available in the uk.
 














                    our drivers' passion
                


explore the joy of driving alfa romeo cars, crafted for true connoisseurs. join the alfa romeo uk community and share your passion driving your #alfaromeo.

























junior now available to test drive

the alfa romeo junior elettrica has arrived at your local retailer. see for yourself the distinctive italian style. experience the driving dynamics of the junior with a test drive of the elettrica speciale.

find out more







alfa romeo 33 stradale

il coraggio di sognare – the story of a dream. when passion meets courage, nothing is impossible.

explore





















find a retailer


find retailers and workshops in your local area.

discover more








financial services

choose from a wide range of finance and insurance products for personal and business customers.

discover more








driving electric​

discover the freedom of staying fully charged, whether at home or on the go, in partnership with octopus energy.

explore driving electric



















                    used cars
                

                    alfa romeo certified
                


with a certified vehicle, you will own more than a "used" car. you will own a certified alfa romeo.



find your alfa romeo certified















                    reviews
                


alfa romeo's premium cars are consistently praised for their performance and design. see what the experts think.























aftersales services

the best is the least your car deserves. find the best warranty solutions, maintenance services, and original spare parts.

discover more







alfa romeo accessories

browse the entire selection of alfa romeo accessories to personalise and enhance your driving experience. discover the perfect additions for every alfa romeo car.

discover more











disclaimer


fiat chrysler automobiles uk ltd trading as alfa romeo is acting as a credit broker and not as a lender and may introduce you to other credit brokers (vehicle retailers). we will only introduce you to stellantis financial services, rh1 1qa as a lender and we may receive a fixed commission for this introduction or no commission at all. the vehicle retailer, acting as credit broker, will typically receive from the lender a commission, fee or remuneration. this may be in the form of fixed fee, campaigns, percentages and/or targets agreed between stellantis financial services and the credit broker. alternative finance products may be available with different commission amounts and/or arrangements. for more details, or if you think this will affect your decision to enter into an agreement, speak to stellantis financial services or the vehicle retailer (acting as a credit broker) for further information. 

* 0% personal contract purchase: models shown junior elettrica veloce and tonale plug-in hybrid tributo with optional extras. offer subject to availability, on selected my24 tonale hybrid and plug-in hybrid veloce and tributo italiano models from stock only and junior elettrica. at participating retailers only. 0% apr finance requires a 10% to 35% deposit. finance subject to status. t&cs and exclusions apply. applicants must be 18+. guarantee may be required. 37-month term. finance by stellantis financial services, rh1 1qa.  at the end of the agreement there are three options: i) part exchange the vehicle where equity is available ii) pay the optional final payment to own the vehicle, iii) return the vehicle. excess mileage and vehicle condition charges may apply if you return the vehicle. you will only own the vehicle if you pay the optional final payment. offer applies to retailer orders only. available on orders from 2 january to 31 march 2025.

^^ complimentary octopus ev home charger installation: choice of ohme epod or home pro (tethered) ev home charger with standard installation up to the value of £999 inc. vat. the offer is fulfilled by octopus energy for installation at residential properties only. available with new car retail orders of junior elettrica and tonale plug-in hybrid from 2 january to 31 march 2025. it is the customer’s responsibility to ensure all required third party permissions are sought in relation to the installation of the wall box at their address. non-standard installation of ev home charge may incur additional costs, which are paid directly by the customer to octopus. residents of northern ireland, channel islands and isle of man will receive a £999 inc. vat contribution directly from their retailer. we reserve the right to amend, suspend or withdraw this promotion at any time. there is no cash alternative to the promotion, and it is non-transferable. information correct at time of going to publication.

 ^ 3-year service plan: provided by fiat chrysler automobiles uk ltd via participating retailers. to cover the cost of parts, lubricants and labour required for scheduled servicing within the plan. scheduled servicing must be carried out by a retailer or workshop within the alfa romeo authorised service network. for full terms, conditions and exclusions please contact your local retailer. £399 for giulia, giulia quadrifoglio, stelvio, stelvio quadrifoglio and tonale. free of charge for junior elettrica. new car retail orders from 2 january to 31 march 2025. other periods and mileage plans are available for an additional cost paid via the supplying retailer. 

 alfa romeo reserves the right to change, amend or withdraw this offer at any point in time. correct at time of publication.




















follow us
https://www.facebook.com/alfaromeouk
https://www.instagram.com/alfaromeouk
https://www.linkedin.com/company/alfa-romeo/
https://www.youtube.com/user/alfaromeouk
https://twitter.com/alfaromeouk


a dedicated team to support you

our customer service will provide all the information and assistance you require. feel free to ask for specific details about our vehicles, send in complaints or make suggestions to improve our service.



00800 2532 0000








models
          
     



junior elettrica
        
    
junior ibrida
        
    
tonale
        
    
tonale
        
    
stelvio
        
    
giulia
        
    
stelvio quadrifoglio
        
    
giulia quadrifoglio
        
    
special series
        
    





purchase
          
     


private
latest offers
        
    
design & price
        
    
used cars
        
    
financial services
        
    
retailer locator
        
    
price & spec guides
        
    
motability
        
    
motability offers
        
    
part exchange
        
    
make an enquiry
        
    
book a test drive
        
    
new cars in stock
        
    



business
business offers
        
    
company car driver
        
    
small business
        
    
fleet and business
        
    
fleet hub
        
    
latest offers | leasys - business contract hire
        
    



offers
junior elettrica offers
        
    
tonale offers
        
    
giulia offers
        
    
stelvio offers
        
    
motability offers
        
    





owner
          
     


spare parts and accessories
after sales services
        
    
accessories
        
    
spare parts and tips
        
    
tyres
        
    
promotions
        
    
merchandise
        
    



assistance and maintenance
car services
        
    
book a service
        
    
service plans and extended warranty
        
    
roadside assistance
        
    
ownership promise offer
        
    



connectivity and services
connected services
        
    
business clients
        
    
my alfa romeo app
        
    
customer service
        
    
import and export
        
    
end of vehicles life
        
    
navigator map update
        
    





our world
          
     


alfa romeo brand
news
        
    
events
        
    
awards
        
    
magazine
        
    
merchandising
        
    
newsletter
        
    
stellantis careers
        
    



our essence
sports cars
        
    
suv
        
    
saloon cars
        
    



driving electric
hybrid technology
        
    
electric technology
        
    








                            privacy policies
                            
                        

                            legal policies
                            
                        

                            copyright
                            
                        

                            stellantis group
                            
                        

                            cookie policy
                            
                        

                            modern slavery act
                            
                        

                            carbon reduction plan
                            
                        

©2025 alfa romeo all rights reserved

























