














aa district 43 – aa serving centre and clinton county, pa



















































 




aa district 43
 
aa serving centre and clinton county, pa 



aa serving centre and clinton county, pahome
meeting list 

meeting list
what is an open meeting?
printable meeting list


about aa 

alcoholics anonymous.  it works.
young people in aa
the 12 steps
the 12 traditions


district info 

district information
meeting minutes
service opportunities
donations
archives committee
group history form
latest posts
contact us


calendar
search
  




 



  
alcoholics anonymous - it works! aa district 43 - serving centre and clinton counties, pa 24 hr hotline 






meeting list click here to browse the aa meetings online.
you’re sure to find a friendly meeting nearby.
read more »



young people in aa am i too young?
you may think that you are simply too young to be an alcoholic. it doesn’t matter how long you have been drinking or how much you drank– it’s what drinking does to you that ...read more »



district information all are welcome at our district meetings! come and see where your dollar goes! district meetings start at 6:45 pm on the 2nd tuesday of each month, unless otherwise noted.  we rotate ...read more »

 








aa hotline

(814) 237-3757


mark your calendar prea training (feb 18, 2025) 8:30am & 6pmfebruary 18 @ 8:30 am - 10:00 amprea training (march 3, 2025) 8:30am & 6pmmarch 3 @ 8:30 am - 10:00 am



search this site

search for:





announcements 


 




 
need help now?
our telephone is answered 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and we will assist you in any way that we can. alcoholics anonymous members understand.  we are happy to talk and to listen.
 
what is alcoholics anonymous?
alcoholics anonymous is a fellowship of men and women who share their experience, strength and hope with each other that they may solve their common problem and help others to recover from alcoholism.
the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking.  there are no dues or fees for aa membership; we are self-supporting through our own contributions. aa is not allied with any sect, denomination, politics, organization or institution; does not wish to engage in any controversy, neither endorses nor opposes any causes. our primary purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics to achieve sobriety.
copyright © the aa grapevine, inc. reprinted with permission.
 
am i an alcoholic?
if you repeatedly drink more than you intend or want to, if you get into trouble, or if you have memory lapses when you drink, you may be an alcoholic.  only you can decide. no one in a.a. will tell you whether you are or not.
 
you are not alone.
alcohol does not discriminate.  we have young and old, men and women, and all varieties of ethnic and religious affiliations.  many of our members are not religious at all.  but together we have found a way to stay sober, to support one another, and to regain our once productive and healthy lives.  the solution we have found in aa is one of hope and strength through fellowship.  the district 43 community of alcoholics anonymous is special to all of our members.
anyone with a desire to stop drinking is welcome at all of our meetings.  please come and see what it’s all about.






                post navigation              



← about aa 



latest posts → 













· © 2016 aa district 43 · higher powered  · 









 



