







home - drucker + falk



























































 






skip to content



careersnewsconnectdf multifamilydf commercialdf venturesabout dfsearch commercial propertiesfind your new hometoggle navigationhomedf multifamilyservicesdf commercialsalesleasingcommercial property managementtenant payment logintenant service portaldf venturesabout dfleadershipdf albumcareersnewsconnectfind your new home
 





homedfwebadmin2024-12-09t15:13:15-05:00 
our legacy of service and performance is built on an aim higher culture that is the soul of our people and our work.200+
properties in
10 states
40k+
apartments under
management
top 25
in division 1
ora™ rankings
3mm
sq ft managed commercial property

 
“what sets drucker + falk apart, is that they have extensive first-hand experience with leasing and apartment management and understand how to work with developers to create unique living experiences that appeal to the market.  drucker + falk’s strength in brand development, property naming, community engagement strategies and lease up are second to none.”

 
john gibsonfounder/managing partner
venture realty group“what sets drucker + falk apart, is that they have extensive first-hand experience with leasing and apartment management and understand how to work with developers to create unique living experiences that appeal to the market.  drucker + falk’s strength in brand development, property naming, community engagement strategies and lease up are second to none.”

 
john gibsonfounder/managing partner
venture realty group
 
 
 
df news





						drucker + falk recognized for excellence at the wilmington apartment association crest awards					





drucker + falk recognized for excellence at the wilmington apartment association crest awards







						drucker + falk partners with st. clair holdings to manage newly acquired luxury gated community in raleigh, nc					





drucker + falk partners with st. clair holdings to manage newly acquired luxury gated community in raleigh, nc







						drucker + falk expands its partnership in north carolina with expedition capital advisors					





drucker + falk expands its partnership in north carolina with expedition capital advisors







						drucker + falk shines at the virginia apartment management association annual ace awards					





drucker + falk shines at the virginia apartment management association annual ace awards







						the walker virginia center opens doors for tours in glen allen, virginia					





the walker virginia center opens doors for tours in glen allen, virginia







						kellie j. falk elected chair of wake tech board of trustees					





kellie j. falk elected chair of wake tech board of trustees


 




 
 
11824 fishing point drive
suite a
newport news, va 23606
(757) 245-1541
toggle navigationdf multifamilydf commercialdf venturesabout dftoggle navigationnewscareersconnect
copyright ©  drucker + falk, inc. all rights reserved.

df multifamily
df commercial
df ventures
news + events

about df
careers
get in touch
11824 fishing point drive, suite a
newport news, va 23606
(757) 245-1541

copyright ©  drucker + falk, inc. all rights reserved.


 
 

page load link



 


go to top




