




galen institute










































   




















 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebargalen institute
home
about us

mission and history
grace-marie turner bio
who was galen?
donate to galen


activities

core activities
commentary and oped tutorial
our book
galen guides


contact us
major papers
broadcast interviews
health policy consensus group
a sea change
posted by grace-marie turner on september 13, 2024. as we watch the presidential campaigns unfold, a sea change is realigning american politics. 



consider the evidence:



first, voters consistently say they wish they had other choices at the top of the ticket.  but former president trump and vice president harris are the main choices, and the parties are using the media to reshape and even reinvent the candidates. 



harris … [read more...] about a sea changefiled under: grace-marie turner, newsletter kamala the chameleon
posted by grace-marie turner on august 23, 2024. joy, excitement, and optimism filled the conference arena this week in chicago as democrats rallied around vice president kamala harris as their nominee.



we heard flowery promises “to care for each other,” celebrate freedom, and chart “a new path forward” of competence, calm, and normalcy. it evoked the “hope and change” of an earlier era. 



this may be shrewd political strategy, but it … [read more...] about kamala the chameleonfiled under: grace-marie turner, newsletter the big reset 
posted by grace-marie turner on july 25, 2024. yes, our nation’s political system desperately needs a reset, but the same is true of the health reform debate.



we constantly work to expose the massive costs and adverse consequences of the left’s government-dominated health care agenda. but to change policy, we need big ideas to first transform the debate.



my colleagues in the health policy consensus group and i accepted the challenge and … [read more...] about the big reset filed under: grace-marie turner, newsletter big ideas for the debate
posted by grace-marie turner on june 27, 2024. #242



in anticipation of tonight’s debate, i have a piece in today’s wall street journal with suggestions to reframe the debate over drug pricing: trump’s debate chance on drug prices



mr. trump could build on his administration’s successes in seemingly unrelated areas to turn a new page on this issue.  the article is derived from a project i’ve been working on for several months … [read more...] about big ideas for the debatefiled under: grace-marie turner, newsletter drip. drip. drip.  
posted by grace-marie turner on june 21, 2024. #241



the biden administration is continuing the march toward a universal, government-run health care system, both by chipping away at the private health sector and ushering more and more people into government programs.



the latest: president biden announced on tuesday he’s giving legal status to undocumented spouses of u.s. citizens and their children. at least 500,000 are expected to … [read more...] about drip. drip. drip.  filed under: grace-marie turner, newsletter a diversion
posted by grace-marie turner on may 31, 2024. #240



we all need a break from washington’s summer heat and even hotter politics, so you might want to take a journey into another era 33 centuries ago to visit the incredible new king tut exhibit in the nation’s capital.



“tutankhamun: his tomb and his treasures” has opened not in a museum on the mall but in an exhibition space with room to display more than 1,000 full-scale recreations of … [read more...] about a diversionfiled under: grace-marie turner, newsletter in memory
posted by grace-marie turner on may 24, 2024. #239



i wrote last week about the biden administration’s decision to reclassify marijuana as a less-dangerous class iii controlled substance, alongside steroids and tylenol with codeine.



we learned this week that the drug enforcement administration (dea) was a notable holdout in president biden's politically driven push to loosen federal marijuana restrictions.



more about … [read more...] about in memoryfiled under: grace-marie turner, newsletter high on politics
posted by grace-marie turner on may 17, 2024. # 238



president biden on thursday announced plans to move marijuana from the highest controlled substance classification to a lower category.



for an administration whose mantra has been “follow the science,” this is perplexing since the decision appears to be based almost entirely on politics.



in a recent interview in the wall street journal, one of the nation’s top … [read more...] about high on politicsfiled under: grace-marie turner, newsletter next page »primary sidebarsearch
search this website
new

an american renaissance in the care of health


our annual report



new paths to progress


the laffer curve

subscribe to our newsletter










email address*



first name



last name

 
				* = required field			

preferred format


html
text







unsubscribe from list





(after subscribing, you will receive a confirmation email which is frequently found in the junk mail folder.)
recent newsletters


categories
categories
select category
brian blase
consumer-directed care
doug badger
forbes
fox business
grace-marie turner
health affairs
health insurance
health policy consensus group
health savings accounts
innovation
la times
medicaid
medical education
medicare
national review
new york post
newsletter
obamacare
prescription drugs
published
realclearhealth
realclearpolicy
reform initiatives
state issues
sun sentinel
the daily signal
the heritage foundation
the hill
the new york times
the wall street journal
the washington times
uncategorized



social media
like us on facebook
twitter:
@gracemarietweet
@galeninstitute


copyright galen institute at donors.  © 2025; · log in
 



















