







environmental education exchange





































































































              outreach
            

              development
            



              teachers
            

              partners
            

              about
            






















































outreachdevelopment











teacherspartnersabout









scroll








welcome to theenvironmental education exchangea non-profit organization providing programs and services for the advancement of environmental literacy. 




    outreach
  




    development
  




    teachers
  




    about
  











the environmental education exchange is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization established to increase environmental literacy. since 1991, e3 has developed a wide variety of environmental education (conservation, history, safety) programs and materials. topics and themes for programs have included climate change, water conservation, recycling and waste reduction, renewable energy, biodiversity, endangered species, land use, commercialism and the environment, air quality, sonoran desert ecology, mining and minerals, science literacy, pedestrian and bicycle safety, living history, multicultural/border programs, and more. the majority of resulting programs and materials are available free to educators or other intended audiences.








"...e3 reaches over 70,000 arizona students every year..." 











featured project
































































































































 



student stories of climate change2023student stories of climate change is a two day classroom educational program for 8th-12th graders, presented by the city of tucson and tucson water. explore this webpage to watch short, first-hand narrative accounts about climate change from high school to graduate school students from around the world.




    learn more
  






 

"...teaching environmental literacy in the sonoran desert since 1991."











outreach program totals1993-today

  





 









outreach programsthe environmental education exchange develops outreach education programs on a wide variety of topics, including water conservation, recycling and waste reduction, renewable energy, biodiversity, endangered species, land use, commercialism and the environment, air quality, sonoran desert ecology, mining and minerals, science literacy, pedestrian and bicycle safety, living history, multicultural/border programs, and more, for municipal governments, utility companies, and conservation organizations.e3 provides comprehensive consulting services to assist in the planning, development, implementation, and evaluation of environmental education programs. e3 staff work closely with clients to identify program and training needs and offer a highly customized approach to designing educational programs and materials, including identification of key educational concepts, lesson plans, preparatory and follow-up student activities, field excursions, and background materials for teachers and other program leaders.




    explore outreach
  














































 








.









 

program & materials developmentthe environmental education exchange, working in close collaboration with project partners develops educational materials on a wide variety of topics including water conservation, recycling, energy efficiency, renewable energy, electrical safety, living history, stormwater, air quality, bicycle and pedestrian safety, desert ecology, and southwestern archeology. program partners include federal, state, and municipal governments and agencies, water and power utilities, universities, and other non-profit conservation and education organizations.




    explore development
  


































































 






 









home



about us text



e3 reaches



featured projects



cactus with quote



program totals



delivering education



e3 outreach



image



materials development



gap image 1












environmental education exchange
738 north 5th avenue suite 100,
tucson, az, 85705,
united states
5206701442
outreach@eeexchange.org


hours




outreachdevelopmentteacherspartnersabout


 









 

(520) 670-1442 • 738 n 5th ave suite 100. tucson, az 85705




    contact us
  

 






