


brunner professional services - health coach & nutritional
consultant









brunner
professional services



finally... the truth is out!
here's the information you need for a longer, healthier
life -
viruses * bacteria * infections * yeast 
colds * flu * unstable sugar levels * allergies 
low immunity * constipation * inflammation * always
tired 
physical/neurological disorders * toxicity * high blood
pressure/cholesterol
do you suffer from any of these ailments? well, these are just some
of the health problems i've helped many clients alleviate through
natural methods. 
i believe there are answers in nature for many, if not most, health
concerns. if we practice healthy habits and give our body the nutrients
it needs, it has a wonderful way of healing itself. but we must be
willing to: (1)  take responsibility for our own good health,
(2)  search out what may work for us, and then (3) listen
to our bodies to learn what does work. 
in this letter, i'm going to reveal a health-building concept
that's simple and true. because it's so simple, it's
most often overlooked. are you ready? here it is . . . 
for the fastest road to complete health, the body must have
three things : 
1. oxygen * 2. water * 3. nutrients
see how simple that is? i know way down deep you already knew this,
but has your doctor ever told you this? (if your health is ailing, then
most probably not.) but how much and what kind? 
after searching many years for the best, most economical, and
easiest way
to fulfill the body's health requirements, i've finally found the
elements and products that have proven to work - and work relatively
quickly: 

drink
plenty of water. it's been stated that when we're
born, our bodies contain 96% water. when most adults die prematurely,
their bodies are found to be only 50% water. makes you think, huh? do
you know how much water you should be drinking? the rule of thumb is
one ounce of water per two pounds of body weight. in other words, if
you weigh
150 lbs., half of that is 75. so you need to drink 75 ounces of water
every day. other beverages don't count, such as sodas, coffee, tea,
milk,
beer, etc. water only. what kind of water? purified or filtered water
is acceptable, but hexagonal
water is the best. 
coral calcium
brings the body's ph level up. if you have a health problem, most
likely you are acidic. research shows that unless the body's
ph level is slightly alkaline, the body cannot heal itself. so, no
matter what type of modality you choose to use to take care of your
health problem, it won't be effective until the ph level is up. tests
from accredited laboratories show that coral calcium contains calcium,
magnesium, and all the other major and trace minerals in a form your
body
can easily assimilate. there are no risks whatsoever of metal toxicity
when taken in this form since the body will regulate what it needs by
itself; all excess is removed naturally through normal bodily
functions. 
coral
calcium plus power source 100 or  sun
energy provides all the basic nutrients the body needs: 67
minerals 17 vitamins, 12 amino acids, and 3 fatty acids. very easy,
economical, and effective. if taking pills is a problem, then try the
all-in-one liquid nutrition called  nutraburst.
     the following are optional, depending on your health status and
lifestyle: 

vitamin
o is stabilized oxygen in liquid form that quickly
elevates the body's oxygen level in as little as 10 minutes. the more
oxygen we have in our system, the more energy we produce. this
formulation is safe to use topically as well as sublingually. 
cordyceps
is a powerful life enhancing tonic that helps restore normal
functioning of various parts of the body, stimulates the immune and
circulatory systems, and promotes energy, vitality, and longevity. it
even helps improve sex drive, sexual desire and potency, physical
endurance, and alleviates fatigue. 
maximizer
digestive enzymes are the most potent i've ever used.
when we eat cooked food, all enzymes are killed. that's why it's so
important to supplement
our cooked meals with enzymes to ensure digestion, assimilation, and
elimination. 
ellagic
acid is a very potent antioxidant - reportedly 80 to
550 times stronger than vitamin e! derived from the seeds of red
raspberries, lab tests show it helps to lower the incidence of birth
defects, promotes wound healing, reduces heart disease, reduces or
reverses liver fibrosis, and arrests cancer cells. 
young living
essential oils are a must for every household for fast
therapeutic relief. did you know that essential oils like lavender,
peppermint, thieves, and lemongrass were used long before herbs? my
family and i experience quicker healing time and no side effects with
these pure essential oils. not only do essential oils provide
therapeutic relief, but they also oxygenate all the cells in
your body! 

sometimes the effects of these products take action immediately;
others may take 60 to 90 days to achieve obvious results. but if you're
consistent in your daily intake of adequate oxygen, water
, and
 nutrients , you will receive positive health results! 
what about the obvious, like improving the diet and exercise? i
haven't mentioned any of that. that's because when you fill your body
with adequate oxygen, water, and nutrients,
you'll find
you no longer crave sweets, alcoholic beverages, chocolate, etc. in
other words, you'll naturally want to eat healthier foods. and
since your body's getting all the oxygen, water, and 
nutrients it needs, you'll feel your energy level increase, and
thus
you'll  want to get off the couch and be more active
physically. it's just a natural progression: you feel better, so you do
more things, be more active . . . be happier . . . become more alive. 
hard to believe? i encourage you to use the suggested elements for
90 days
and discover how much better you feel. 
take your time to read over the information. there's a lot of
information here to digest! when you're ready, call upon me for my
experience in helping people feel better by natural methods. in
fact, in my own family, we no longer have allergies and haven't had any
major colds or flu in over 3 years! that's pretty awesome considering
there are 9 in our household. 
call me at (714) 521-1284 for a free phone consultation. take
advantage
of my expertise in determining your individual needs. just call
me.
i'm here to help you!


karen brunner, rnc 
registered nutritional consultant 
biokinesiology practitioner



hot links
health information





 join brunner professional
services' 
email list



 email:  


privacy
statement 





 nutritional
formulas online order form and ingredients list : coral
calcium, power source 100, coenzyme q10, maximizer digestive enzymes,
ellagic acid, etc.
  
secrets to
anti-aging & longevity: the "forbidden secrets!"  true
facts! what the world's leading experts have learned from years of
research!
coral calcium
 over 200 diseases are related to calcium deficiency. but all
calcium is not created equal! find out about one of the most
bioabsorbable available today.
 
 thousands suffer from nutritional deficiencies and don't know!  click here to see how you can
reach optimal health.

  
discover enzymes: nature's powerful answer for vitality & immunity.
enzymes will dissolve fats, eliminate allergies, hayfever, bad breath,
gas, toxins, resist chronic disease and obesity, slow aging. read all
about it!
 
 from aids...to epstein barr...to lyme disease...to
deadly food bacteria such as e. coli and salmonella...to
the mutant flesh-eating streptococcus bacterium, the
fatigue-causing cytomegalovirus and the deadly hantavirus...to
nearly invisible "stealth" parasites like cryptosporidium and giardia...to
deadly new strains of tb...to the frightening new outbreaks of "airport
malaria" and mosquito-borne dengue hemorrhagic fever - you name it, the
world is rapidly becoming a dangerous place to live.  click here to learn about one of
the most potent, effective and completely natural means available
anywhere for bolstering the human immune system and protecting yourself
against numerous serious illnesses and diseases in today's "era of
strange diseases."
mighty vitamin "o"
 it's been proven that our lack of oxygen is causing many
of our health problems. learn how you can fight back with a safe, 100%
natural solution!
colloidal minerals
 what's colloidal minerals? check out this chart that
lists all the minerals, their functions, and if you're deficient, what
the symptoms are.
 kombucha tea  - one alternative health
therapy you may want to spend some time researching is kombucha tea.
this adaptogen has helped many people with improving their health. once
you receive a starter kombucha, you can prepare the tea by yourself,
which makes the cost of the tea about pennies per day. read the 
kombucha testimonies. there's a nice article that goes into detail
as to  what's actually in kombucha tea, and  where you can
find people who'll give a starter culture away free. 

business services

how
to create residual income - one of the most unique &
simplest plans in the industry.



fresh, quality,
responsive opportunity seekers names  - top-notch, hot-line
names at unbeatable prices plus an iron-clad, 100% delivery guarantee!
look here for details.





 free
top ten search engine submission! 





   excite 
what-u-seek  webcrawler  netfind  lycos 
 infoseek  alta vista  hot bot  goto  northern
light



site
title  
url
                         


name
                         
email
                         



   
click here for free advertising 


 find out how to insert this at your website!








 


 
 

thank you for visiting our site.
 
   
 
fastcounter by linkexchange 
 

|


