


legal theory blog













legal theory blog





all the theory that fits!
home

	this is lawrence solum's legal theory weblog.  legal theory blog comments and reports on recent scholarship in jurisprudence, law and philosophy, law and economic theory, and theoretical work in substantive areas, such as constitutional law, cyberlaw, procedure, criminal law, intellectual property, torts, contracts, etc.
rss
links for legal theory blog--lawrence b. solum (my homepage at the university of illinois)--my college of law directory page--my philosophy department directory page--email me--legal theory annex(all the theory that does not fit.)--legal theory lexicon(basic concepts in legal theory for first year law students.)--my publications on ssrnnoteworthy postshiring trends at 18 "top" american law schools2005-06 report on law school entry level hiring2004-05 report on law school entry level hiring2003-04 report on entry level hiringlegal theory bookclub: lessig's free culturegetting to formalismwater wells and mp3 files: the economics of intellectual propertydo humans have character traits?naturalistic ethicsthe case for strong stare decisis, or why should neoformalists care about precedent?part i: the three step argumentpart ii: stare decisis and the ratchetpart iii: precedent and principlefear and loathing in new havena neoformalist manifestounderstanding the confirmation wars: the role of political ideology and judicial philosophybreaking the deadlock: reflections on the confirmation warsgoing nuclear: the constitutionality of recess appointments to article iii courtsarchives

            09/01/2002 - 10/01/2002

            01/01/2003 - 02/01/2003

            02/01/2003 - 03/01/2003

            03/01/2003 - 04/01/2003

            04/01/2003 - 05/01/2003

            05/01/2003 - 06/01/2003

            06/01/2003 - 07/01/2003

            07/01/2003 - 08/01/2003

            08/01/2003 - 09/01/2003

            09/01/2003 - 10/01/2003

            10/01/2003 - 11/01/2003

            11/01/2003 - 12/01/2003

            12/01/2003 - 01/01/2004

            01/01/2004 - 02/01/2004

            02/01/2004 - 03/01/2004

            03/01/2004 - 04/01/2004

            04/01/2004 - 05/01/2004

            05/01/2004 - 06/01/2004

            06/01/2004 - 07/01/2004

            07/01/2004 - 08/01/2004

            08/01/2004 - 09/01/2004

            09/01/2004 - 10/01/2004

            10/01/2004 - 11/01/2004

            11/01/2004 - 12/01/2004

            12/01/2004 - 01/01/2005

            01/01/2005 - 02/01/2005

            02/01/2005 - 03/01/2005

            03/01/2005 - 04/01/2005

            04/01/2005 - 05/01/2005

            05/01/2005 - 06/01/2005

            06/01/2005 - 07/01/2005

            07/01/2005 - 08/01/2005

            08/01/2005 - 09/01/2005

            09/01/2005 - 10/01/2005

            10/01/2005 - 11/01/2005

            11/01/2005 - 12/01/2005

            12/01/2005 - 01/01/2006

            01/01/2006 - 02/01/2006

            02/01/2006 - 03/01/2006

            03/01/2006 - 04/01/2006

            04/01/2006 - 05/01/2006

            05/01/2006 - 06/01/2006

            06/01/2006 - 07/01/2006

            07/01/2006 - 08/01/2006

            03/01/2011 - 04/01/2011
blogospherenew: --prawfsblog(group blog)--balkinization(jack balkin)--crescat sententia(group blog)--crooked timber(group blog)--de novo(group blog)--desert landscapes(group blog)--discourse.net(michael froomkin)--displacement of concepts(group blog)--election law(rick hasen)--freedom to tinker(ed felten)--the garden of forking paths--how appealing(howard bashman)--instapundit(glenn reynolds)--is that legal?(eric muller)--law & society weblog(group blog)--the leiter reports(brian leiter)--lessig blog(lawrence lessig)--marstonalia(brett marston)--paper chase @ jurist(bernard hibbitts)--political arguments(group blog)--professorbainbridge.com(stephen bainbridge)--pea soup(group blog)--punishment theory(group blog)--the right coast(group blog)--scotus blog(group blog)--sentencing law and policy(douglas berman--statutory construction zone(gary o'connor)--taxprof blog(paul caron)--volokh conspiracy(group blog)
websites of interest+arts and letters daily+conference alerts+daily whirl+fa.philos-l+economic theory news+encyclopedia of law and economics+jurisprudence and social policy program (u.c. berkeley) escholarship repository+law and politics book reviews+metapsychology book reviews+notre dame philosophical review+online papers in philosophy+politicaltheory.info+ssrn most recent uploads
more blogs of interest--althouse(ann althouse)--asymmetrical information(jane galt)--biplog(group blog)--the blawg review(group blog)--brad delong--the buck stops here(stuart buck)--copyfight(group blog)--a copyfighter's musings(derek slater)--the curmudgeonly clerk--daniel drezner--discriminations(john and jessie rosenberg)--eastmania(wayne eastman)--evetushnet.com(eve tushnet)--freespace(timothy sandefur)--furdlogfrank field--ideoblog(larry ribstein)--the importance of(ernest miller)--the indiana law blog(marcia j. oddi)--infothought(seth finkelstein)--ipkat(jeremy phillips and ilanah simon)--law and economics blog(greg goelzhauser)--law dork(chris geidner)--law meme(group blog)--lee blogedward lee--legal ramblings(steven wu)--lenz blog(karl-friedrich lenz)--letters of marque(heidi bond)--the light of reason(arthur silber)--matthew yglesias--philosophy.com(gary sauer-thompson )--public defender dude--rodger a. payne's blog--southern appeal(group blog)--strange doctrines/a>--susan crawford blog--a taxing blog(group blog)--that's news to me(group blog)--thoughts arguments and rants(brian weatherson)--three years of hell to become the devil--the trademark blog(martin schwimmer)--troppo armadillo(ken parish)--technology 360--tutissima cassis(nate oman)--unlearned hand--weatherall's law(kim weatherall)--wendy.seltzer.org(wendy seltzer)--yin(tung yin)legal theory programs & websites--arizona state committee on law and philosophy--cambridge forum for legal and political philosophy--columbia law school center for law and philosophy--columbia legal theory workhsop--georgetown university law center--colloquium on constitutional law and theory--jurisprudence and social policy program (u.c. berkeley)--kadish center for morality, law, and public affairs (u.c. berkeley)--nyu colloquium in legal, political and social philosophy--oxford jurisprudence discussion group--oxford legal philosophy--oxford centre for ethics & philosophy of law--queen's university belfast forlum for law and philosophy--rutgers institute for law and philosophy--ucla legal theory workshop--university of pennsylvania institute for law and philosophy
--university college london: colloquium in legal and social philosophy
--university of chicago law and philosophy workshops--university of chicago: john m. olin program in law and economics workshop--university of san diego institute for law and philosophy--university of texas law and philosophy program--yale law school: legal theory workshoplinks to law school workshops+australian national university faculty events+boston university+buffalo+columbia center for law and economic studies+florida state+fordham+george mason+george washington--ip workshop series+georgetown colloquium on intellectual property & technology law+georgetown law workshops+georgetown law and economics workshop+georgetown law & economics workshop series+hofstra+university of illinois+lewis & clark+loyola marymount+new york university+nyu legal history colloquium+northwestern law colloquium+oxford law events+rutgers, camden+stanford center for internet & society+stanford law school olin series+ucla colloquium+ucla legal history workshop+ucla tax policy--university of chicago: john m. olin program in law and economics workshop+university of michigan law and economics+university of san diego colloquium series+university of texas colloquium series+vanderbilt scholarly programs & events calendar+villanova+washington & lee faculty workshops+yale law, economics & organizations workshop
calendars & events+aristotelian society+british society for ethical theory+conference alerts+events in analytic philosophy in europe (and overseas countries)+the philosophical calendar+philosophy now calendar+political science online upcoming conferences+ssrn professional announcementsother programs--australian national university, research school of social science, philosophy seminars--boston university philosophy colloquia--brown university philosoophy upcoming eventsgeorge mason workshop in philosophy, politics, and economics--harvard university, philosophy colloquia--mit philosophy colloquia--new york university, philosophy events--oxford: events at the faculty of philosophy--princeton university: philosophy department talks--princeton university: political philosophy colloquium--princeton university: public law colloquium--princeton university: seminar in law and public affairs--tulane philosophy and center for ethics & public affairs seminars--university college, london: political theory seminars--university of arizona philosophy colloquia--university of bristol philosophy research seminars--university of california at berkeley philosophy events--university of california at san diego philosophy colloquia--university of chicago political theory workshop--university of london, school of advanced study, philosophy programme--university of manchester politics & philosophy research seminars--university of melbourne philosophy events--university of north carolina: philosophy speakers--university of pennsylvania: philosophy colloquiua--university of pittsburgh philosophy calendar--yale philosophy department talkssome legal theorist homepages--robert alexy (christian albrechts university kiel)--randy barnett (bu)--brian bix (minnesota)--jules coleman(yale law & philosophy)--ronald dworkin(nyu & university college)--john finnis(oxford and notre dame)--john gardner (oxford)--brian leiter (texas)--micahel moore (illinois)--dennis patterson (rutgers, camden)--stephen perry (nyu)--richard posner (university of chicago & usca7)--joseph raz (oxford and columbia)--jeremy waldron (columbiamore to come!journals specializing in legal philosophy--american journal of jurisprudence--the journal of philosophy, science, and law--law and philosophy--law and social inquiry--legal theory--oxford journal of legal studieslegal theory resources on the webentries from the stanford encyclopedia of philosophy+austin, john+justice, distributive+justice, as a virtue+legal philosophy, economic analysis of law+legal reasoning, interpretation and coherence+legal rights+liberalism+libertarianism+naturalism in legal philosophy+nature of law+nature of law, legal positivism+nature of law, pure theory of law+republicanismfrom the oxford handbook of jurisprudence+natural law theory: the modern traditionfrom the oxford handbook of legal studies+law as an autonomous disciplinefrom the examined lifea critical introduction to liberalismpapers & articles+virtue jurisprudenceorganizations+american political science association(apsa)+american society for political and legal philosophy (asplp)+association of american law schools(aals)+internationale vereinigung fur rechts und sozialphilosophie(ivr)+law and society association+midwest political science association (mpsa)
my postal addresslawrence b. solumuniversity of illinois college of law504 east pennsylvania avechampaign, il 61820usa









wednesday, march 16, 2011

 
new location for legal theory blog
the new location for legal theory blog is: http://lsolum.typepad.com/legaltheory/
posted by lawrence solum at 3/16/2011 06:35:00 am

saturday, july 22, 2006

 
legal theory bookworm
the legal theory bookworm recommends dred scott and the problem of constitutional evil by mark a. graber.  here's a blurb:an examination of what is entailed by pledging allegiance to a constitutional text and tradition saturated with concessions to evil. the constitution of the united states was originally understood as an effort to mediate controversies between persons who disputed fundamental values, and did not offer a vision of good society. in order to form a 'more perfect union' with slaveholders, late eighteenth century citizens fashioned a constitution that plainly compelled some injustices and was silent or ambiguous on other questions of fundamental right. this constitutional relationship could survive only as long as a bisectional consensus was required to resolve all constitutional questions not settled in 1787. dred scott challenges persons committed to human freedom to determine whether antislavery northerners should have provided more accommodations for slavery than were constitutionally strictly necessary or risked the enormous destruction of life and property that preceded lincoln's new birth of freedom.
posted by lawrence solum at 7/22/2006 05:15:00 am


 
download of the week
the download of the week is terms of use by mark lemley.  here is the abstract:electronic contracting has experienced a sea change in the last decade. ten years ago, courts required affirmative evidence of agreement to form a contract. no court had enforced a “shrinkwrap” license, much less treated a unilateral statement of preferences as a binding agreement. today, by contrast, it seems widely (though not universally) accepted that if you write a document and call it a contract, courts will enforce it as a contract even if no one agrees to it. every court to consider the issue has found “clickwrap” licenses, in which a user clicks “i agree” to standard form terms, enforceable. a majority of courts in the last ten years have enforced shrinkwrap licenses, on the theory that people agree to the terms by using the software they have already purchased. finally, and more recently, an increasing number of courts have enforced “browsewrap” licenses, in which the user does not see the contract at all but in which the license terms provide that using a web site constitutes agreement to a contract whether the user knows it or not. collectively, we can call these agreements “terms of use” because they control (or purport to control) the circumstances under which buyers of software or visitors to a public web site can make use of that software or site. 

the rise of terms of use has drawn a great deal of attention because of the mass-market nature of the resulting agreements. terms of use are drafted with consumers or other small end users in mind. commentators - myself among them - have focused on the impact of this new form of contract on consumers. but in the long run they may have their most significant impact not on consumers but on businesses. the law has paid some attention to the impact of terms of use on consumers. virtually all of the cases that have refused to enforce a browsewrap license have done so in order to protect consumers; conversely, virtually all the cases that have enforced browsewrap licenses have done so against a commercial entity. and shrinkwrap and clickwrap cases, while enforcing some contracts against consumers, have protected those consumers against certain clauses considered unreasonable. businesses, however, are presumed to know what they are doing when they access another company's web site, so courts are more likely to bind them to that site's terms of use. sophisticated economic entities are unlikely to persuade a court that a term is unconscionable. and because employees are agents whose acts bind the corporation, the proliferation of terms of use means that a large company is likely “agreeing” to dozens or even hundreds of different contracts every day, merely by using the internet. and because no one ever reads those terms of use, those multiple contracts are likely to have a variety of different terms that create obligations inconsistent with each other and with the company's own terms of use. 

we have faced a situation like this before, decades ago. as business-to-business commerce became more common in the middle of the 20th century, companies began putting standard contract terms on the back of their purchase orders and shipment invoices. when each side to a contract used such a form, courts had to confront the question of whose form controlled. after unsuccessful judicial experimentation with a variety of rules, the uniform commercial code resolved this “battle of the forms” by adopting a compromise under which if the terms conflicted, neither party's terms became part of the contract unless the party demonstrated its willingness to forego the deal over it. rather, the default rules of contract law applied where the parties' standard forms disagreed, but where neither party in fact insisted on those terms. 

i have three goals in this paper. first, i explain how courts came to enforce browsewrap licenses, at least in some cases. second, i suggest that if browsewraps are to be enforceable at all, enforcement should be limited to the context in which it has so far occurred - against sophisticated commercial entities who are repeat players. finally, i argue that even in that context the enforcement of browsewraps creates problems for common practice that need to be solved. business-to-business (b2b) terms of use are the modern equivalent of the battle of the forms. we need a parallel solution to this “battle of the terms.” in part i, i describe the development of the law to the point where assent is no longer even a nominal element of a contract. in part ii, i explain how the recent decisions concerning browsewrap licenses likely bind businesses but not consumers, and the problems that will create for commercial litigation. finally, in part iii, i discuss possible ways to solve this coming problem and some broader implications the problem may have for browsewrap licenses generally.download it while its hot!
posted by lawrence solum at 7/22/2006 05:14:00 am

friday, july 21, 2006

 
welcome to the blogosphere . . . 
. . . to jurisdynamics hosted by jim chen with contributions from daniel a. farber and j.b. ruhl.
posted by lawrence solum at 7/21/2006 10:00:00 am


 
bernstein on lochner
david bernstein (george mason university - school of law) has posted lochner v. new york: a centennial retrospective on ssrn.  here is the abstract:this article discusses two aspects of lochner's history that have not yet been adequately addressed by the scholarly literature on the case. 

part i of the article discusses the historical background of the lochner case. the article pays particular attention to the competing interest group pressures that led to the passage of the sixty-hour law at issue; the jurisprudential traditions that the parties appealed to in their arguments to the court; the somewhat anomalous nature of the court's invalidation of the law; and how to understand the court's opinion on its own terms, shorn of the baggage of decades of careless and questionable historiography. in short, part i places the lochner opinion firmly in its historical context. 

part ii of this article explains how lochner, which existed in relative obscurity for decades, became a leading anti-canonical case. as discussed in part ii, lochner was initially famous only because of oliver wendell holmes's much-cited dissent. the lochner cases modern notoriety, however, arose largely because the post-new deal supreme court continued to treat the lochnerian cases of meyer v. nebraska and pierce v. society of sisters as sound precedent. meyer, in particular, eventually became an important basis for the warren and burger courts' substantive due process jurisprudence in the landmark cases of griswold and roe v. wade. critics of those opinions attacked the court for following in lochner's footsteps, and, with some significant help from laurence tribe's 1978 constitutional law treatise, lochner came to represent an entire era and style of jurisprudence. 

recently, the ghost of lochner has been kept very much alive by justices kennedy, o'connor, and souter, each of whom has praised meyer and pierce as engaging in appropriately aggressive due process review of police power regulations, while straining to distinguish those opinions from lochner. meanwhile, a revival of limited government ideology on the legal right, most notably in the rehnquist court's federalism opinions has raised (perhaps exaggerated) fears on the legal left that the conservatives seek to return, in spirit if not in letter, to the discredited jurisprudence of the lochner era. yet virtually no one, on either the right or the left, challenges what may be the strongest evidence of lochner's influence on modern jurisprudence: the supreme court's use of the fourteenth amendment's due process clause to protect both enumerated and unenumerated individual rights against the states.
posted by lawrence solum at 7/21/2006 07:08:00 am


 
appointments chairs
over at prawfsblawg, the comments to the post entitled faculty appointments chairs provide a list of the chairs are various american law schools.
posted by lawrence solum at 7/21/2006 07:04:00 am


 
barton on teaching & scholarship--and some comments!
if you are a legal academic, you should probably read this.
benjamin barton (university of tennessee, knoxville - college of law) has posted is there a correlation between scholarly productivity, scholarly influence and teaching effectiveness in american law schools? an empirical study on ssrn.  here is the abstract:this empirical study attempts to answer an age-old debate in legal academia; whether scholarly productivity helps or hurts teaching. the study is of an unprecedented size and scope. it covers every tenured or tenure-track faculty member at 19 american law schools, a total of 623 professors. the study gathers four years of teaching evaluation data (calendar years 2000-03) and creates an index for teaching effectiveness. 

this index was then correlated against five different measures of research productivity. the first three measure each professor's productivity for the years 2000-03. these productivity measures include a raw count of publications and two weighted counts. the scholarly productivity measure weights scholarly books and top-20 or peer reviewed law review articles above casebooks, treatises or other publications. by comparison, the practice-oriented productivity measure weights casebooks, treatises and practitioner articles at the top of the scale. there are also two measures of scholarly influence. one is a lifetime citation count, and the other is a count of citations per year. 

these five measures of research productivity cover virtually any definition of research productivity. combined with four years of teaching evaluation data the study provides a powerful measure of both sides of the teaching versus scholarship debate. 

the study correlates each of these five different research measures against the teaching evaluation index for all 623 professors, and each individual law school. the results are counter-intuitive: there is no correlation between teaching effectiveness and any of the five measures of research productivity. given the breadth of the study, this finding is quite robust. the study should prove invaluable to anyone interested in the priorities of american law schools, and anyone interested in the interaction between scholarship and teaching in higher education.and here is a bit more from the paper:the teaching evaluation data came in different forms for different institutions, from access to a university website that gathered the data, to a single page amalgamation, to physical copies of every student evaluation during the period. from these data i chose the question on the evaluation sheet that most closely measured teaching effectiveness. for example, the university of tennessee form actually asks the students to rank the professor from 1-5 (with 5 being the highest ranking) on the “instructor's effectiveness in teaching material.” the results can be found on a publicly accessible website (university of tennessee 2006). of the 19 schools, 13 schools asked a somewhat similar question and ranked the professor from 1-5. two of the other schools ranked from 5-1 (with 1 being the best ranking), one ranked from 4-1 (again with 1 as the best), and one each ranked from 1-4, 1-7, and 1-9, with 1 being the lowest.one more point--the study examines the correlation between global teaching effectiveness (across courses) and global scholarly productivity (across fields) and did not attempt to study correlations between writing that is salient to the course for which teaching effectiveness is being measure.
and one more issue--what about peer versus student evaluations.  again, a bit more from the paper:i also am aware that the use of teaching evaluations as a proxy for teaching effectiveness is somewhat controversial. there are studies, both within law schools and higher education in general, that show that teaching evaluations have biases, including biases based on race (smith 1999), gender (farley 1996), and even physical attractiveness (o’reilly 1987). other studies have shown that student teaching evaluations are positively correlated with other measures of teaching effectiveness, including peer reviews and output studies, suggesting at least that student measures track other alternative measures (bok 2004).

many law faculty members have nevertheless argued to me that teaching evaluations are little more than a popularity contest. some have even argued that teaching effectiveness is inversely correlated with teaching evaluations, since students tend to highly rank easy professors of little substance, while ranking professors who challenge them comparatively lower.

for better or worse, i believe teacher evaluations are the only viable way to measure teaching effectiveness for a study of this breadth. my other choices were exceedingly unpalatable: 1) attempting to gather peer evaluation data, which is rarely if ever expressed numerically, and would also almost certainly not be provided by the host institutions; 2) some type of personal subjective measure of teaching effectiveness, potentially requiring me to personally visit classes and make my own call on teaching effectiveness.at one level these results are completely unsurprising.  what mechanism would result in a correlation between research productivity and teaching effectiveness?  here are some possibilities:--more research and more effective teaching might both be products of some underlying trait--such as diligence.
more research might result in more knowledge, which might result in more effective teaching.
more research might result in more knowledge, which might result in less effective teaching.
more research might divert effort from teaching, which might result in less effective teaching.and so forth.
it is possible, however, that some of these effects might be observed with a different research design.  if it were possible to do reliable assessments of the objective accuracy of information conveyed and to compare that to research productivity in the particular field, for example, there might be some correlation between productivity and teaching effectivenss (in the objective sense).  but that would not necessarily correlate with student ratings of teaching effectiveness?  why not?  because generally law students are incapable of evaluating "knowledge of the subject matter."  for one thing, they lack a good baseline for comparison, because the truth is that the general level of knowledge of subject-mater among legal academics is fairly shallow.  and a student rarely learns enough about a subject to actually get ahead of the professor.  of course, we all know that occasionally  newbie professors get caught in gaffs--but most experienced teachers learn how to avoid this--which is mostly a matter of not saying things you don't know, not mastering the subject so deeply that you can answer any question about any  point accurately.
but with that caveat aside, this is clearly valuable research!  highly recommended for all legal academics!
thanks lisa fairfax to via dan markel.
posted by lawrence solum at 7/21/2006 05:29:00 am

thursday, july 20, 2006

 
thursday calendaruniversity of arizona law: mona hymel, globalization, environmental justice, and sustainable development:  the case of oil
posted by lawrence solum at 7/20/2006 07:02:00 am


 
beta version of the new legal theory blog
if you would like to see the new look of legal theory blog, here is the url:http://lsolum.typepad.com/legaltheory/.  in addition, there is a new companion blog that will collect the legal theory lexicon posts:http://lsolum.typepad.com/legal_theory_lexicon/during the "beta test," i will be requesting feedback on various design elements of the new version of the blog.  i would greatly appreciate your assistance!  check out the new blog for the current set of issues!
this post will move to the top of the blog until the transition is complete.
posted by lawrence solum at 7/20/2006 06:40:00 am

wednesday, july 19, 2006

 
lemley on terms of use
mark a. lemley (stanford law school) has posted terms of use on ssrn.  here is the abstract:electronic contracting has experienced a sea change in the last decade. ten years ago, courts required affirmative evidence of agreement to form a contract. no court had enforced a “shrinkwrap” license, much less treated a unilateral statement of preferences as a binding agreement. today, by contrast, it seems widely (though not universally) accepted that if you write a document and call it a contract, courts will enforce it as a contract even if no one agrees to it. every court to consider the issue has found “clickwrap” licenses, in which a user clicks “i agree” to standard form terms, enforceable. a majority of courts in the last ten years have enforced shrinkwrap licenses, on the theory that people agree to the terms by using the software they have already purchased. finally, and more recently, an increasing number of courts have enforced “browsewrap” licenses, in which the user does not see the contract at all but in which the license terms provide that using a web site constitutes agreement to a contract whether the user knows it or not. collectively, we can call these agreements “terms of use” because they control (or purport to control) the circumstances under which buyers of software or visitors to a public web site can make use of that software or site. 

the rise of terms of use has drawn a great deal of attention because of the mass-market nature of the resulting agreements. terms of use are drafted with consumers or other small end users in mind. commentators - myself among them - have focused on the impact of this new form of contract on consumers. but in the long run they may have their most significant impact not on consumers but on businesses. the law has paid some attention to the impact of terms of use on consumers. virtually all of the cases that have refused to enforce a browsewrap license have done so in order to protect consumers; conversely, virtually all the cases that have enforced browsewrap licenses have done so against a commercial entity. and shrinkwrap and clickwrap cases, while enforcing some contracts against consumers, have protected those consumers against certain clauses considered unreasonable. businesses, however, are presumed to know what they are doing when they access another company's web site, so courts are more likely to bind them to that site's terms of use. sophisticated economic entities are unlikely to persuade a court that a term is unconscionable. and because employees are agents whose acts bind the corporation, the proliferation of terms of use means that a large company is likely “agreeing” to dozens or even hundreds of different contracts every day, merely by using the internet. and because no one ever reads those terms of use, those multiple contracts are likely to have a variety of different terms that create obligations inconsistent with each other and with the company's own terms of use. 

we have faced a situation like this before, decades ago. as business-to-business commerce became more common in the middle of the 20th century, companies began putting standard contract terms on the back of their purchase orders and shipment invoices. when each side to a contract used such a form, courts had to confront the question of whose form controlled. after unsuccessful judicial experimentation with a variety of rules, the uniform commercial code resolved this “battle of the forms” by adopting a compromise under which if the terms conflicted, neither party's terms became part of the contract unless the party demonstrated its willingness to forego the deal over it. rather, the default rules of contract law applied where the parties' standard forms disagreed, but where neither party in fact insisted on those terms. 

i have three goals in this paper. first, i explain how courts came to enforce browsewrap licenses, at least in some cases. second, i suggest that if browsewraps are to be enforceable at all, enforcement should be limited to the context in which it has so far occurred - against sophisticated commercial entities who are repeat players. finally, i argue that even in that context the enforcement of browsewraps creates problems for common practice that need to be solved. business-to-business (b2b) terms of use are the modern equivalent of the battle of the forms. we need a parallel solution to this “battle of the terms.” in part i, i describe the development of the law to the point where assent is no longer even a nominal element of a contract. in part ii, i explain how the recent decisions concerning browsewrap licenses likely bind businesses but not consumers, and the problems that will create for commercial litigation. finally, in part iii, i discuss possible ways to solve this coming problem and some broader implications the problem may have for browsewrap licenses generally.highly recommended.
posted by lawrence solum at 7/19/2006 12:32:00 pm

home








