
st. paul's umcmenu homeabout usmission and visionworship with usour locationparking informationfacilities guidestaff directoryemployment opportunitieschurch leaderscontact usst. paul’s historywesley penn stateministrieschildrenyouthadultsadult small group and study offeringsmembership classmusiccare ministriesmissionslocal outreach opportunitiesregional and national outreachglobal missionsnicaraguabackpack and scholarship projectrwandaget involvedpathways to meeting, making, and movingfinding your pathst. paul's umc & wesley foundation's missionst. paul's umc & wesley foundation's visionour promise: to faithfully participatewhere am i on the pathway?pathways to meeting, making, and movingpathways to meetingpathways to makingpathways to movingsmall groupsministry teams and committeeswomen’s groupsmen’s groupsspecial interest groupsresourcescalendarthe messenger newsletterlibrary/resource centerpoliciesbuilding usekitchen useweddingsbuilding use costspersonnel feesrestrictionschild protection: the safe sanctuaries programdefinitionsscreening proceduresoperational/supervision proceduresresponding to and reporting plansearch

 



welcome to st. paul’s united methodist church and wesley foundation, a reconciling church
st. paul’s united methodist church and wesley foundation is located at 250 east college avenue in the heart of downtown state college, bordering the main campus of the pennsylvania state university. since 1888, the congregation of st. paul’s has been committed to ministry at this strategic location with students and permanent residents alike. we are officially a reconciling church, which means we believe that all are welcome in our faith community, and that we have affirmed the following together:
we celebrate god’s gift of diversity and value the wholeness made possible in community equally shared and shepherded by all. we welcome and affirm people of every gender identity, gender expression, and sexual orientation, who are also of every age, race, ethnicity, physical and mental ability, level of education, and family structure, and of every economic, immigration, marital, and social status, and so much more. we acknowledge that we live in a world of profound social, economic, and political inequities. as followers of jesus, we commit ourselves to the pursuit of justice and pledge to stand in solidarity with all who are marginalized and oppressed.




announcements
life after loss: st. paul's is offering a six-session educational/support group for persons grieving the loss of a loved one beginning sunday, march 23rd. click here for complete info, including schedule and registration details »
worship with us: read pastor greg’s email message for sunday, feb. 16th »
what’s happening at st. paul’s? view a copy of the feb. 12th what’s happening email »
check out st. paul’s youtube channel: livestreaming our hybrid worship service on sundays at 10:30 am »


» sign up for email alerts
» access our youtube channel
» find us on facebook












 

    
church website software from e-zekielsearch