






mortgage calculator | bankrate































skip to main content





bankrate

















banking
caret right icon




caret left iconall





banking


checking & savingscaret right icon

cdscaret right icon

money marketcaret right icon

bankscaret right icon



explore all banking resources
arrow right icon






caret left icon banking






compare accounts



best savings accounts



best high-yield savings accounts



best business checking accounts



best checking accounts






get guidance




savings calculator



all savings calculators



savings rate trends



savings resources









savings basics
5 min read









how to start saving
4 min read











compare accounts



best cd rates



best 6-month cd rates



best 1-year cd rates



best 5-year cd rates






get guidance




cd calculator



cd ladder calculator



cd rate trends



cd resources









cd basics
7 min read









how to invest with cds
6 min read











money market accounts
money market accounts are similar to savings accounts, but offer some checking features as well.

view mma rates




get guidance




money market basics



money market vs savings accounts



how does an mma work?



mma resources









banking
unlock financial rewards by signing up for a savings or checking account with a bonus offer.

best bank bonuses




get guidance




best banks of 2025



best online banks



bank reviews



federal reserve news 









capital one review
our take on capital one bank









marcus review
our take on marcus by goldman sachs












explore all banking resources
arrow right icon









mortgages
caret right icon




caret left iconall





mortgages


purchasecaret right icon

refinancecaret right icon

real estatecaret right icon



explore all mortgages resources
arrow right icon






caret left icon mortgages






compare rates



mortgage rates



30-year mortgage rates



15-year mortgage rates



va loan rates






get guidance




mortgage calculator



amortization calculator



mortgage rate news



best mortgage lenders



read lender reviews









how to get a mortgage
11 min read









first-time homebuyer programs
11 min read











compare rates



refinance rates



cash-out refinance rates



30-year refinance rates



15-year refinance rates






get guidance




mortgage refinance calculator



best refinance lenders



best cash-out refinance lenders



mortgage refinance resources









how to refinance your mortgage
12 min read









cash-out refinancing guide
9 min read











buying & selling
find an expert who knows the market. compare trusted real estate agents all in one place.

find an agent




get guidance




home affordability calculator



cost of living calculator



how much is my house worth?



real estate resources









buying a home
12 min read









selling a home
10 min read












explore all mortgages resources
arrow right icon









investing
caret right icon




caret left iconall





investing


investingcaret right icon

retirementcaret right icon

financial advisingcaret right icon



explore all investing resources
arrow right icon






caret left icon investing






compare investments



best investments



best index funds



best long-term investments



best short-term investments






get guidance




all investing calculators



brokerage reviews



robo-advisor reviews



low risk investments



tax resources









passive income ideas
26 min read









how to start investing
7 min read











compare plans



best retirement plans



best ira accounts



best roth ira accounts



best 401(k) rollover options






get guidance




401(k) calculator



retirement plan calculator



roth ira calculator



all retirement calculators



retirement resources









best & worst states for retirement
6 min read









how to save for retirement
15 min read











finding an advisor



find a financial advisor



best financial advisors



how to choose a financial advisor



financial planner vs advisor






get guidance




what is financial planning?



what is a fiduciary?



what is a cfp?



what is wealth management?



financial advisor resources









when to get an advisor
4 min read









pros & cons of financial advising
7 min read












explore all investing resources
arrow right icon









credit cards
caret right icon




caret left iconall





credit cards


cards by categorycaret right icon

cards by creditcaret right icon

tools & reviewscaret right icon

guides & resourcescaret right icon



explore all credit cards resources
arrow right icon






caret left icon credit cards






compare cards



best cards of 2025



best cash back cards



best balance transfer cards



best 0% apr cards



best travel cards



best rewards cards



best business cards



best student cards






find my matches








cardmatch™
get personalized card recommendations









card comparison tool
compare credit cards side-by-side











see your card matches
answer a few quick questions and we’ll show you your top credit card options. 

find my matches




compare cards




excellent credit



good credit



fair credit



bad credit









how to build credit
7 min read









best cards for building credit
find out which credit cards could help











see what the experts say
read in-depth credit card reviews to find out which cards have the best perks and more. 

read card reviews




get guidance




credit card payoff calculator



balance transfer calculator



credit utilization calculator



all credit card calculators









spender type tool
find cards that fit your needs











get advice



credit cards 101



balance transfer advice



zero interest credit cards



rewards credit card advice



cash back credit card advice



travel credit card advice



business credit card advice






build credit




advice for bad credit



rebuilding credit score










explore all credit cards resources
arrow right icon









loans
caret right icon




caret left iconall





loans


personal loanscaret right icon

auto loanscaret right icon

student loanscaret right icon

small business loanscaret right icon



explore all loans resources
arrow right icon






caret left icon loans






compare lenders



best personal loans



best personal loans for bad credit



best debt consolidation loans



best home improvement loans






get guidance




personal loan resources



personal loan lender reviews



personal loans calculator



average personal loan interest rates









personal loan basics
9 min read









how to get a personal loan
11 min read











compare lenders



best auto loans



best auto loan refinance rates



best car loans for bad credit






get guidance




auto loan resources



auto loan lender reviews



auto loan calculator



auto loan refinancing guide









how to get the best auto loan rate
10 min read









auto loan basics
5 min read











compare lenders



student loan rates



student loan refinancing rates



best private student loans



best bad credit student loans






get guidance




student loan resources



student loan lender reviews



student loan calculator



student loan refinance calculator









private student loan basics
10 min read









how to get a student loan
11 min read











compare lenders



best small business loans



bad credit small business loans



business lines of credit



small business loan banks






get guidance




small business loans resources



small business loan reviews



small business loan calculator









how small business loans work
9 min read









how to get a business loan
9 min read












explore all loans resources
arrow right icon









home equity
caret right icon




caret left iconall





home equity


heloccaret right icon

home equity loanscaret right icon



explore all home equity resources
arrow right icon






caret left icon home equity






heloc	
a heloc is a variable-rate line of credit that lets you borrow funds for a set period and repay them later.

heloc rates




home equity basics	




best heloc lenders



heloc calculator



what is a heloc?



pros and cons of helocs



home equity lender reviews









what is home equity?
8 min read









how to calculate home equity
6 min read











home equity loans	
home equity loans let you borrow a lump sum at a fixed rate, based on how much of the home you own outright.

home equity loan rates




get guidance	




what is a home equity loan?



home equity loan pros and cons



home equity loan requirements



heloc vs home equity loan



how to build home equity









best home equity loan lenders
compare top home equity lenders









home equity calculator
calculate how much you can borrow












explore all home equity resources
arrow right icon









insurance
caret right icon




caret left iconall





insurance


auto insurancecaret right icon

home insurancecaret right icon

life insurancecaret right icon



explore all insurance resources
arrow right icon






caret left icon insurance






compare rates



best car insurance companies



cheapest car insurance companies



compare car insurance rates



how much is car insurance?






get guidance




allstate insurance review



erie insurance review



progressive insurance review



state farm insurance review



all insurance company reviews









auto insurance by state
compare rates in your state









car insurance resources
learn more about auto insurance











compare rates



best home insurance companies



cheapest home insurance companies



home insurance quotes



how much is homeowners insurance?






get guidance	




kin insurance review



hippo insurance review



lemonade insurance review



citizens insurance review









home insurance by state
compare rates in your state









home insurance resources
learn more about home insurance











compare companies 	



how much does life insurance cost?



best life insurance companies



life insurance quotes



cheapest life insurance companies






get guidance




globe life insurance review



colonial penn insurance review



ladder life insurance review



ethos life insurance review









life insurance calculator
how much do you need?









life insurance resources
learn more about life insurance












explore all insurance resources
arrow right icon








bankrate














search iconclose x icon
















submit
search icon
















mortgages



mortgage calculator










    mortgage calculator
    
















on this page



6 steps to calculate your payments using a mortgage calculator




how a mortgage calculator can help you




deciding how much house you can afford




how to lower your monthly mortgage payment




next steps






on this page

jump to
menu list icon









6 steps to calculate your payments using a mortgage calculator 
here’s how to use our mortgage calculator to easily estimate payments:

enter your home price. in the home price field, input the price of the home you’re buying (or the current value of your home if you’re refinancing). 
enter your down payment. in the down payment field, input the amount of your down payment (if you're buying) or the amount of equity you have (if you're refinancing). you can input either a dollar amount or percentage.
enter your loan term. in the loan term field, enter the length of your loan — usually 30 years, but could be 20, 15 or 10.
enter your interest rate. in the interest rate field, input the rate you expect to pay or are currently paying. our calculator defaults to the current average rate, but you can adjust this percentage.
enter your zip code. in the zip code field, input your zip code.
click update.

bankrate's calculator also estimates property taxes, homeowners insurance and homeowners association fees. you can edit these amounts, or even edit them to zero, as you're shopping for a loan. 
in addition, the calculator allows you to input extra payments (under the “amortization” tab). this can help you decide whether to prepay your mortgage and by how much.
typical costs included in a mortgage payment 

your mortgage payment is largely comprised of principal and the interest. here's what that means, along with other definitions related to your loan:

principal: this is the amount you borrowed from the lender, effectively your home's price minus the down payment.
interest: this is what the lender charges you to borrow the principal, or loan amount. interest rates are expressed as an annual percentage.
down payment: this is the portion of the home’s price you’re not financing with a mortgage. for many borrowers, this is as little as 3 percent.
closing costs: closing costs are one-time fees associated with getting a mortgage. they include the lender's origination fee (if it charges one), recording fees and fees for settlement and title services. altogether, these typically run 2 percent to 5 percent of the mortgage and are usually paid by or on the day the loan closes.
property taxes: this is the tax on your home levied by your city or town, paid for as long as you own it. if your mortgage lender requires an escrow account, you'll pay a portion of your annual property tax bill with each monthly mortgage payment.
homeowners insurance: your insurance policy helps protect you financially from damage related to covered events. if you live in a flood or other disaster-prone zone, you'll be required to have additional coverage. as with property taxes, you'll pay a portion of your annual insurance premium each month with your mortgage payment.
mortgage insurance: if you’re getting a conventional or fha loan and your down payment is less than 20 percent of the home's purchase price, you'll pay mortgage insurance premiums, which are also added to your monthly payment.


mortgage payment formula
for the mathematically inclined, here's a formula to help you calculate mortgage payments manually:

m  = p


  r (1 + r)n
(1 + r)n - 1






symbol




m
total monthly mortgage payment


p
principal loan amount


r
monthly interest rate: lenders provide you an annual rate so you’ll need to divide that figure by 12 (the number of months in a year) to get the monthly rate. if your interest rate is 5 percent, your monthly rate would be 0.004167 (0.05/12=0.004167).


n
number of payments over the loan’s lifetime: multiply the number of years in your loan term by 12 (the number of months in a year) to get the number of payments for your loan. for example, a 30-year fixed mortgage would have 360 payments (30x12=360).



this formula can help you crunch the numbers to see how much house you can afford. alternatively, you can use this mortgage calculator to help determine your budget.




how a mortgage calculator can help you
our mortgage calculator can help guide many of the decisions related to buying a home or refinancing your mortgage, such as:

whether you're spending more than you can afford: use the calculator to see how much you’ll pay each month, including in homeowners insurance premiums and property taxes. this can help you determine if you’re stretching your homebuying budget too far, or paying too much in terms of debt-to-income (dti ratio).
whether your budget allows for a shorter-term loan: use the calculator to compare the monthly payments and total interest between a 10-, 15-, 20-  or 30-year loan. shorter-term loans come with lower interest rates, but higher monthly payments.
whether you should put more or less money down: use the calculator to weigh different down payment scenarios and how that’ll affect how much you’ll borrow and pay.
whether you should pay off your mortgage early: use the calculator to learn how extra payments can impact how quickly you’ll repay the loan and  any interest savings.
when you can get rid of mortgage insurance: use the calculator’s amortization schedule to determine when you’ll hit 20 percent equity — the magic number you need on a conventional loan to request that your lender remove private mortgage insurance (pmi). 






many prospective homeowners are tempted to 'stretch' when buying…being conservative and cautious with a home purchase is advisable.
— mark hamrick,  bankrate senior economic analyst





deciding how much house you can afford
if you're not sure how much of your income should go toward housing, it might help to start with the 28/36 rule, which dictates you spend no more than 28 percent of your gross income on housing costs and no more than 36 percent of your gross income on overall debt, including housing costs.
say joe makes $60,000 a year. that's a gross monthly income of $5,000 a month. twenty-eight percent of that equals $1,400. if joe were to abide by the 28/36 rule, he’d spend no more than $1,400 on a mortgage payment each month.
meeting the 28/36 rule isn’t always doable or desirable, however.
“many prospective homeowners are tempted to 'stretch' when buying a home since it can literally be the culmination of a dream,” says mark hamrick, bankrate senior economic analyst. “at the same time, given that this is one of the most expensive and consequential purchases of a lifetime, the transaction needs to co-exist with our many other financial goals including saving for retirement, saving for emergencies and paying down debt. 
“being conservative and cautious with a home purchase is advisable,” hamrick says. “if it turns out that income rises down the road, that presents an opportunity to sock money away to pay for repairs, maintenance and renovations later.”

learn more:

how much house can i afford?




how to lower your monthly mortgage payment
if the monthly payment you're seeing in our calculator looks a bit out of reach, you can try some tactics to reduce the hit. play with a few of these variables:

choose a longer loan. with a longer term, your payment will be lower (but you'll pay more interest over the life of the loan).
spend less on the home. borrowing less translates to a smaller monthly mortgage payment.
shop for a lower interest rate. you don't have to get your mortgage from your bank. comparing offers from a few lenders can help you uncover the lowest rates.
make a bigger down payment. this is another way to reduce the size of the loan.


learn more:

how to lower your mortgage payment




next steps on getting a mortgage
a mortgage calculator is a springboard to help you estimate your monthly mortgage payment and understand what it includes. once you have a good idea of your budget, you might move on to these next steps:

get a mortgage prequalification or preapproval.
shop for homes and make an offer.
apply for a mortgage

additional mortgage resources

how to get a mortgage
types of mortgages
first-time homebuyers guide


compare mortgage rates for different loan types 



loan type
purchase rates
refinance rates




30-year loan
30-year mortgage rates
30-year refinance rates


20-year loan
20-year mortgage rates
20-year refinance rates


15-year loan
15-year mortgage rates
15-year refinance rates


10-year loan
10-year mortgage rates
10-year refinance rates


fha loan
fha mortgage rates
fha refinance rates


va loan
va mortgage rates
va refinance rates


arm loan
arm mortgage rates
arm refinance rates


jumbo loan
jumbo mortgage rates
jumbo refinance rates




the table above links out to loan-specific content to help you learn more about rates by loan type.







arrow up icon






bankrate logo

bankrate















about



about us




leadership




press room




careers




advertise with us




site map





help



contact us




compare rates




latest news




popular topics





legal



privacy policy




cookie settings




do not sell or share my personal information




consumer health information privacy policy




understanding bankrate’s averages




terms of use




glba annual notice




california consumer financial privacy notice




licenses





how we make money

bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. we are compensated in exchange for placement of sponsored products and services, or by you clicking on certain links posted on our site. therefore, this compensation may impact how, where and in what order products appear within listing categories, except where prohibited by law for our mortgage, home equity and other home lending products. other factors, such as our own proprietary website rules and whether a product is offered in your area or at your self-selected credit score range, can also impact how and where products appear on this site. while we strive to provide a wide range of offers, bankrate does not include information about every financial or credit product or service.


bankrate, llc nmls id# 1427381 | nmls consumer access
br tech services, inc. nmls id #1743443 | nmls consumer access







facebook icon



twitter icon



instagram icon



linkedin icon



youtube icon



tiktok icon





© 2025 bankrate, llc. a red ventures company. all rights reserved.

































