





homepage



















































































                                        about us




who we are



                                                            mission, vision and values
                                                        



                                                            race and culture work
                                                        



                                                            continuing umc in missouri
                                                        



                                                            bishop farr
                                                        



                                                            general and jurisdictional conferences
                                                        



                                                            connect with moac
                                                        



                                                            land acknowledgement
                                                        



                                                            a-to-z index
                                                        




candidacy



                                                            the call to ministry
                                                        



                                                            candidacy process
                                                        



                                                            dcom handbook
                                                        



                                                            board of ordained ministry
                                                        




finance and administration



                                                            apportionments
                                                        



                                                            archives
                                                        



                                                            clergy benefits and wespath
                                                        



                                                            forms 
                                                        



                                                            year-end stats
                                                        



                                                            mumf
                                                        



                                                            privacy policy
                                                        

















                                        directories


appointments
church locator
conference staff
conference leadership
districts




                                        ministries


churches
lay ministries
nominations
missions and global ministries
nextgen ministries
disaster response
festival of sharing
rural missouri connection
paumcs
restorative justice
special advance giving
uwf
umm




                                        learning


absorb learning platform
clergy education
consulting and coaching
safe sanctuaries
spiritual direction
lay education
implicit bias course
resource library
teaching series materials
year-end statistics




                                        news


news articles
newsletters
magazine
photos
subscriptions




                                        events


calendar
jump start communications
nextgen summer meet-ups
ai and the church
annual conference
candidacy summit




                                        careers


work with us
classifieds
internships








 














collaboration
                                        

the missouri conference will relentlessly lead our churches to become outwardly focused and spiritually centered christ followers.
                                        







christ-centered
                                        

the missouri conference will relentlessly lead our churches to become outwardly focused and spiritually centered christ followers.
                                        







fruitfulness
                                        

the missouri conference will relentlessly lead our churches to become outwardly focused and spiritually centered christ followers.
                                        







diversity
                                        

the missouri conference will relentlessly lead our churches to become outwardly focused and spiritually centered christ followers.
                                        







accountability
                                        

the missouri conference will relentlessly lead our churches to become outwardly focused and spiritually centered christ followers.
                                        







excellence
                                        

the missouri conference will relentlessly lead our churches to become outwardly focused and spiritually centered christ followers.
                                        











race and culture resources
becoming a brave, empowering place for people from diverse cultures and generations so that we can become a church for all god’s people.







clear opens
express your interest in a clear open, churches where it is publicly known that there will be a pastoral transition often due to retirement or a leave of absence.







annual conference
information related to the 2025 annual conference session, hosted june 6-8, 2025, at the st. charles convention center







implicit bias training
a free online training to help both laity and clergy learn about the unconscious biases we all experience.







appointments
view the latest appointment announcements and check out our pastoral transition resources.







safe gatherings
find guidelines for certification and resources to make the local church a safe place for all.






















news
january 30, 2025



                                            responding to immigration changes
                                        

 beginning almost immediately, the new u.s. president’s administration sought to draw attention to ...








news
january 15, 2025



                                            beyond borders: a christian response to immigration complexities
                                        

  dear united methodists,  as your south central jurisdictional bishops, we write to you with ...








news
december 20, 2024



                                            christmas greetings and 2024 conference highlights
                                        

grace and peace to you from god our father and the lord jesus christ! as we close 2024, we are ...








news
january 25, 2025



                                            exciting new partnership to support worship ministries
                                        









events
march 07, 2025



                                            an evening with nadia bolz-weber
                                        









events
march 04, 2025



                                            jump start: supercharging your local church communications
                                        









resources
april 05, 2024



                                            love unites materials
                                        









news
february 13, 2025



                                            2025 annual conference information
                                        









events
march 11, 2025



                                            soul space
                                        









resources
february 06, 2025



                                            nextgen conversations: easter without the egg hunt with allie hillman
                                        









events
march 16, 2025



                                            nextgen summer meet-up - columbia
                                        









            the missouri conference will relentlessly lead our churches to become outwardly focused and spiritually centered christ followers.
        















                                                            the missouri methodists magazine
                                                        

january 20, 2025
in the february issue of the missouri methodists, you’ll get to know some pastors who have another fulltime career, learn about a church helping keep its neighbors warm, visit a church that has breathed new life into an underused space and much more.
read this and previous issues here.










connect with us
follow us on social media










send us a message





subscribe to our newsletters to keep up with the latest news, information and inspiration.










submit




















the missouri annual conference
                                3601 amron court
                                columbia, mo 65202
                                phone: 573-441-1770
                                fax: 573-441-1780
                            





                                the cross and flame is a registered trademark, and its use is supervised by the 
                                general council on finance and administration (gcfa) of the united methodist church. 
                                permission to use the cross and flame must be obtained from the gcfa.
                            

privacy policy












sign up to receive our e-news and other communications










submit






                        the missouri annual conference is located on the homeland of a diversity of native american nations. 
                        despite european-american settlement and modern development, this land continues to have 
                        cultural significance for the ni-u-ko’n-ska (osage), nyut^achi (missouria), 
                        asakiwaki and meskwaki (sac and fox), báxoje (ioway), kaw, kiikapooi (kickapoo), 
                        kaskaskia, and other native american nations.
                    

                        these nations had a significant role in shaping the landscape, and they continue a sacred relationship 
                        with the lands on which our local churches and our conference facilities are located. 
                        we commit to honor this distinctive cultural heritage in our fulfillment of the 
                        missouri annual conference mission, vision and values.
                    












