
























nawrs

















































































about nawrs
nawrs events
previous workshops
board
michael bono tribute
get involved
 


 



















nawrs
national association for welfare research and statistics






about nawrs
nawrs events
previous workshops
board
michael bono tribute
get involved

















 





















a little about...nawrs
nawrs is a non-profit association whose purpose is to promotethe exchange of ideas on how research and statisticalanalysis can contribute to the development andadministration of effective humanservices programs.

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


nawrs events




 





nawrs 2025 workshop: save the date
please plan to join us for the 2025 nawrs workshop in charlotte, north carolina from august 3rd-6th.  connect, collaborate, and learn from human services researchers and practitioners dedicated to improving economic mobility and family well-being.  please be on the lookout for a call for proposals in early 2025!
virtual event series
new affinity group: tanf data huddle
nawrs is launching its first affinity group this fall! the tanf data huddle brings together tanf data experts with the aims of (1) building a network of tanf data professionals across the country, (2) providing a forum for tanf data professionals to raise and discuss emergent issues in the tanf data space, and (3) exchanging findings, innovations, and approaches to analyzing and leveraging tanf data in policy making and practice. the tanf data huddle is open to researchers, practitioners, and data enthusiasts at the federal, state, county, and local levels in public, private, and nonprofit settings.
fall 2024 tanf data huddle meeting dates are:

wednesday, september 18th 1-2pm central time
wednesday, october 16th 1-2pm central time
wednesday, november 20th 1-2pm central time

what can you expect? meeting topics and discussions will be member-driven, with a mix of short presentations and facilitator-led discussions during initial meetings.
interested in joining? please send your name, email, and professional affiliation to the nawrs secretary at secretary@nawrs.org.
previous events
centering family experiences in human services – incorporating family advisory councils into service delivery and researchaugust 20, 2024
improving alignment between human services and family needs and goals has been a key area of focus for many state and local human services programs. family advisory councils offer a unique opportunity to facilitate meaningful engagement with families served by public programs; gain family input on policies and practices that affect them; and ultimately, to help develop programs and policies that serve families successfully and equitably. in this session, panelists discussed their experiences developing, launching, and sustaining family advisory councils in policy and research.
recording, transcript, presentation slides, and resources
 
starting strong: providing income support to families during pregnancy and the first year of lifejuly 24, 2024
the research: income in the first year of life matterschristal hamilton, assistant professor, university of connecticut, school of public policy will will present on this study: experiences of poverty around the time of a birth: a research note — columbia university center on poverty and social policy.
rx kids: “prescribing cash to improve outcomes in pregnancy and the first year of lifedr. mona hanna-attisha will talk about the vision and implementation of rxkids – a no strings attached program in flint michigan to provide cash to families during pregnancy and the first year of life. more than 700 families are currently enrolled in the program.
evaluating, funding and expanding rxkidsluke shaefer, professor, university of michigan will talk about how rxkids is being evaluated, how tanf funds are being used (along with foundation funds) to provide cash to families and the plans for expanding a modified rxkids program across the state.
 
strategies for increasing access to nutrition assistance for college studentsjune 26, 2024

the first workshop in the 2024 nawrs virtual workshop series highlighted strategies state and local snap agencies and their partners are employing to improve access to nutrition assistance among college students, an increasingly recognized gap in basic needs support. the workshop featured a discussion of state-level policy at the colorado department of human services along with their research partner, rand. it also featured a discussion of a successful snap outreach partnership between the yolo county, california health and human services agency and uc davis’s aggie compass basic needs center.
 
a recording of the virtual workshop and presentation slides are available here:
 
presentation slides

workshop recording
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


previous workshops




 




the first nawrs workshop was in 1956 in chicago. in all, researchers and administrators of the nawrs community have gathered to discuss human services and poverty alleviation 55 times. check out the program and presentations from our most recent workshops and trace the history of nawrs from coast to coast.



2023 annual workshop, salt lake city, utworkshop program  (presentation links included in agenda)


2021 aphsa/nawrs, milwaukee, wi
session recordings quick start guide
access virtual platform
2015 annual workshop, atlanta, gaworkshop program and presentations


2020 virtual workshop
2014 annual workshop, providence, riworkshop program and presentations


2019 annual workshop, new orleans, la2019 workshop program with presentation links 
photo gallery
2013 annual workshop, chicago, ilsponsored by public consulting groupworkshop program and presentations


2018 virtual workshop
2012 nawrs/nasta workshop, baltimore, mdhosted by the maryland department of human resourcesworkshop program and presentations


2017 annual workshop, pittsburgh, pa2017 workshop program and presentations
2011 annual workshop, vail, cohosted by the colorado department of human servicesworkshop program and presentations


2016 virtual workshop
2010 annual workshop, los angeles, ca workshop presentations



 past presidents and workshop sites
 



year
president
site


1956
sam carter, la
chicago


1958
sam carter, la
chicago


1960
sam carter, la
denver


1962
gidson a. hample, nd
washington d.c.


1964
editha m. ponder
washington d.c.


1966
edson k. labrack, me
washington d.c.


1967
w.l. parker, ca
san francisco


1968
elmoine kirkham, ut
washington d.c.


1969
george richards, ca
new orleans


1970
raymond freeman, co
washington d.c.


1971
robert r. cline, wv
las vegas


1972
alan leggett, tx
washington d.c.


1973
wayne epperson, il
denver


1974
edward c. pirie, vt
boston


1975
ira gunn, nv
san francisco


1976
george richards, ca
new orleans


1977
wallace p. earle, az
phoenix


1978
charles n. wagner, ga
savannah


1979
richard wheelock, ut
salt lake city


1980
joseph gale, wi
madison


1981
gary mcdonald, tn
nashville


1982
tom suehs, tx
san antonio


1983
alma cox, ms
jackson


1984
patricia day, ct
hartford


1985
jerry bahr, ne
lincoln


1986
susan p. polyson, va
richmond


1987
l. marjorie barker, ky
louisville


1988
j. barry schaub, md
baltimore


1989
dave thorsen, mt
kalispell


1990
monica zazworsky, wa
bellevue


1991
samba sanyang, sc
charleston


1992
florence c. odita, oh
columbus


1993
aldona vaitkus, az
scottsdale


1994
jane a. goynes (harrison), tx
austin


1995
bruce twine/joe golden
jackson hole


1996
werner schink, ca
san francisco


1997
sandra l. brown, ga
atlanta


1998
peggie powers, il
chicago


1999
diane redmond, oh
cleveland


2000
aldona viatkus, az
scottsdale


2001
richard larson, md
baltimore


2002
jeffrey repichowski, nm
albuquerque


2003
leslie raderman, ca
san diego


2004
kenneth kickham, ok
oklahoma city


2005
philip klein, wi
madison


2006
coleen collins, wy
jackson hole


2007
richard brennan, wv
charleston


2008
kerry mullins, tn
nashville


2009
george falco & david dlugolecki, ny
albany


2010
michael bono, ca
los angeles


2011
mary roberto, co
vail


2012
vince kilduff, md
baltimore


2013
vince kilduff, md
chicago


2014
michael bono, ca
providence


2015
michael bono, ca
atlanta


2016
kinsey dinan, nyc
virtual workshop


2017
kinsey dinan, nyc
pittsburgh, pa


2018
kate probert-fagundes, mn
virtual workshop


2019
kate probert-fagundes, mn
new orleans, la


2023
kate probert-fagundes, mn
salt lake city, ut




 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 nawrs board of directorsnawrs is governed by an all-volunteer, elected board. board members make planning, administrative, and business decisions for the organization. members contribute to the planning and operation of each annual conference. they participate in planning the program, identifying workshops, and selecting speakers and presenters. to find out more about how to get involved, contact us at nawrsworkshop@gmail.com or visit the get involved section. kate probert fagundes - co-chair, conference planning committeeprofessional titleincome support department manager
organizationcarver county, mn health and human services
web addresswww.co.carver.mn.us/departments/health-human-services
areas of interestintegration between social services, workforce and economic development, public health intervention and services, transportation
other affiliationsmacssa, minnesota association of county social services administrators; mawb, minnesota association of workforce boards; nasta: national association of tanf administrators; hennepin/carver workforce
term end dateseptember 2025
 kristina trastek - presidentprofessional titlebusiness initatives manager
organizationwisconsin department of children and families
web addresshttps://dcf.wisconsin.gov/
areas of interestchild welfare, early care and education, family and economic security, justice programs and performance mangement
term end dateseptember 2025
 edith kealey - ex officioprofessional titleexecutive research director
organizationdepartment of social services, new york, ny
web addresswww1.nyc.gov/site/dss
areas of interestpoverty reduction, implementation science, behavioral health, organizational culture, human-centered design
other affiliationsfordham university; society for social work and research
term end dateseptember 2025
 maggie renno - president electprofessional titledirector, analytics and research
organizationwisconsin department of children and families, division of economic security
web addresshttps://dcf.wisconsin.gov
areas of interestchild support, tanf, employment services, refugee programs
term end date september 2025
 mary roberto - co-chair, program committeeprofessional titledirector
organizationicf
web addresswww.icf.com
areas of interesthuman services interoperability, policy and program implementation, strategic doing, training and technical assistance, grant management, trauma-informed care, workforce development, research to practice, finance, technology
term end dateseptember 2025
 tony ong - co-chair, strategic planning committeeprofessional titlemanager
organizationpublic consulting group (pcg)
web addresswww.publicconsultinggroup.com
areas of interesttanf, workforce development, snap e&t, public assistance and employment services
other affiliationsamerican pubic human services association (aphsa), national association of workforce boards (nawb), human services finance officers (hsfo)
term end dateseptember 2025
 mary beth vogel-ferguson - ex officioprofessional titleresearch associate professor
organizationsocial research institute, college of social work, university of utah
web addresswww.socialwork.utah.edu/research/social-research-institute
areas of interestwelfare policy, diverse low-income poverty issues; trauma-informed approaches in organizations
other affiliationstraumainformedutah.org
term end dateseptember 2025
 hannah betesh - co-chair, virtual events committeeprofessional titlesenior associate
organizationabt global
web addresshttps://www.abtglobal.com
areas of interestemployment and workforce development, criminal justice and re-entry, child welfare, implementation science
other affiliationsassociation for public policy analysis and management, american evaluation association
term end dateseptember 2026
 jamie haskel - technology leadprofessional titledirector, center operations
organizationuniversity of maryland, baltimore – school of social work – family welfare research and training groups
web addresswww.ssw.umaryland.edu/familywelfare
areas of interestfinancial support programs (snap, tanf), child support, administrative data and research, and program performance improvement
term end dateseptember 2025
 nancy renfro - co-chair, conference planning committeeprofessional titlesupervising research specialist
organizationriverside university health system- public health
web addresswww.ssw.umaryland.edu/familywelfare
areas of interesthealth equity, workforce development, early care and education, trauma-informed approaches, research and evaluation
term end dateseptember 2025
 shane riddle -	co-chair, strategic planning committeeprofessional titleemaps director
organizationeconomic services administration (esa), department of social and health services (dshs), state of washington
web addresseconomic services administration | dshs (wa.gov)
areas of interestpublic assistance policy, poverty reduction, reducing administrative burdens, and advancing equity.
term end dateseptember 2026
 lorrie briggs - co-chair, virtual events committeeprofessional titledeputy assistant secretary – workforce division
organizationlouisiana department of children and family services
web addresswww.dcfs.louisiana.gov
areas of interesttanf, workforce development – snap e&t, cse e&t, step, tanf, disability determinations
other affiliationsspark (supporting partnerships to advance research and knowledge) learning community, evidence champion for evidence clearinghouse
term end dateseptember 2026
 ben jaques-leslie - co-chair, program committeeprofessional titleprogram evaluator
organizationus office of personnel management
web addresshttps://www.opm.gov/
areas of interestpublic assistance, behavioral science, economic development, labor market, poverty reduction
term end dateseptember 2025
 asaph glosser - member at largeprofessional titlevice president of strategy and administration
organizationmef associates
web addresswww.mefassociates.com
areas of interestchild support, tanf, employment and workforce development, housing policy, criminal justice and re-entry
other affiliationsncsea; appam
term end dateseptember 2025
 konitra jack - treasurerprofessional titlechild support enforcement director
organizationlouisiana department of children and family services
web addresshttp://www.dcfs.la.gov
areas of interestchild support policy and enforcement, workforce development, data-driven decision making, social service program innovation, collaboration across agencies, improving outcomes for families
term end dateseptember 2025
 lisa nicoli - secretaryprofessional titlesenior research manager
organizationeconomic services administration (esa), department of social and health services (dshs), state of washington
web addresseconomic services administration | dshs (wa.gov)
areas of interesttanf, snap, employment services, performance measurement, advancing equity
term end dateseptember 2026
 lauren deutsch stanton - federal liasonprofessional titlesenior social science research analyst
organizationoffice of planning, research, and evaluation, administration for children and families, u.s. department of health and human services
web addresshttps://www.acf.hhs.gov/opre
areas of interestemployment & training, tanf, family self-sufficiency, research and evaluation
term end dateseptember 2026
 rachel cook - chair, finance and budget committeeprofessional titlesenior researcher
organizationamerican institutes for research
web addressair.org
areas of interesttanf, workforce development, child welfare, systems integration, human-centered design, poverty reduction, research and evalaution, implementation science, research to practice
term end dateseptember 2026
 melissa wavelet - chair, partnership and fundraising committeeprofessional titlesenior fellow
organizationmdrc
web addressmdrc.org
areas of interesttanf, snap, employment and workforce development, using data to improve program services and outcomes, evaluation
term end dateseptember 2026


michael bono tribute




 




michael bono joined the nawrs board of directors in 2004 and served tirelessly as president in 2010 and again in 2014 and 2015. he continued to work on nawrs behind the scenes until cancer took him from us in 2016. we are so grateful to have known this warm, selfless, charismatic dynamo with a boundless heart for the less fortunate.
we hope you enjoy this heart-warming tribute to michael. friends and colleagues shared some of their favorite memories during an informal gathering to honor him at the nawrs 2017 workshop in pittsburgh, pennsylvania.
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


get involved




 





 



 




volunteer
nawrs is an all-volunteer organization that relies on the time and commitment of its membership. joining a committee is one great way to support nawrs’s mission of bringing together research and practice. the standing committees are:
conference planning committee
the purpose of the conference planning committee is to lead the overarching logistics and arrangements for the nawrs conference, including, identifying, researching, and proposing the state and hotel venue for the conference, the outside social networking events, technology that will be used for each session, and coordinating with other nawrs committees to ensure continuity of operations.
finance and budget committee
the purpose of the finance and budget committee (fbc) is to strengthen nawrs’ financial position through sound practices for oversight and decision-making.
the primary tasks of the fbc are oversight of nawrs’ financial activities, coordination with officers and other committees (e.g., conference planning) on matters related to financial planning, and the preparation of the nawrs budget. currently, the fbc also serves as a central location for activities under the purview of the technology chair and secretary-registrar.
program committee
the primary tasks of the program committee focus on the development and implementation of the program portion of the biennial nawrs conference. this includes identifying all speakers and presenters during both the plenary sessions and breakouts. while the scope of this committee focuses on the conference program, coordination with the conference planning committee is important.
strategic partnership and fundraising committee
this committee will develop strategies to engage nonprofit, academic, and for-profit partners to provide infrastructure supports to nawrs, including strategic partnerships to:

build financial resources;
increase brand recognition; and
strengthen communications and resource sharing capabilities across the nawrs community of practice.

strategic planning committee
guide the strategic goals of the board through work plans and assignment of tasks. the current goals include: (1) outlining and developing nawrs membership and (2) ensuring succession planning is ongoing for board positions.
virtual events committee
the virtual events committee plans and hosts webinars in years when the nawrs workshop is not occurring. these events represent an opportunity to keep the nawrs community engaged and to highlight interesting research and trends relevant to nawrs membership. the committee is led by two chairs and committee members are pulled from across the broader nawrs community, including individuals that may be new to the organization.
once you have some experience with nawrs committees, you might consider running for a position on the board. this “working board” manages the association and its activities. members participate in monthly virtual meetings and attend bi-annual in-person workshops. the benefits of being a board member include close and direct contact with other research and evaluation professionals across the country and the ability to ensure representation of your state or organization in the planning of the nawrs workshop. there are no monetary costs associated with board membership beyond workshop attendance.
are you interested? reach out to nawrsworkshop@gmail.com and let us know a little about yourself and your interests! thank you for supporting the nawrs family.




 




sponsor
sponsoring organization are valuable supporters of nawrs’s mission. sponsors include research organizations, consulting and contracting firms, and other organization that want to get their name out there as steadfast supporters of the exchange of ideas and best practices in human services. view some of our most recent sponsors. sponsors are featured in the nawrs workshop program and other marketing materials, receive space and support for tabling, are verbally acknowledged to workshop attendees by the nawrs president, and are honored on the nawrs website year-round. 




 




donate
nawrs is a 501(c)(3) non-profit association. the organization does not have an endowment and operates based on revenue from sponsors and workshop registrations. donations support general association operations and are tax deductible. donate now.



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
















pictures by bright sarfo of b-right productionz


© 2019 nawrs


log in | register for site | privacy policy





























