


	u.s. strategic command
























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.









skip to main content (press enter).





toggle navigation








u.s. strategic command


                        u.s. strategic command
                    






search


search u.s. strategic command: 


search




search u.s. strategic command: 


search














home
		


2024 posture statement
		


commander's leadership library
		


about



leadership
            


about us
            


vision & intent
            


history
            


command video
            


command emblem
            


employment at usstratcom
            




newsroom



news
            


speeches & transcripts
            


images
            


flickr
            




contact



contact us
            


inspector general



confidentiality
            


whistleblower protection
            


submit complaint
            




freedom of information act



foia requests
            


foia faq
            


reading room
            






newcomers



newcomer information
            


checking in
            


welcome letters
            




academic alliance



usstratcom academic alliance
            
























command leadership




                          
















































recent news








news







                        91st missile wing ushers in a new era of mmiii transporters
                        
                    

                        – for the past 37 years the transporter erector (te) has been a fundamental piece of equipment for operational readiness of the minuteman iii (mmiii) intercontinental ballistic missile (icbm) system. these vital pieces of equipment are responsible for transporting mmiii across vast distances, utilizing public roads to reach strategic locations, and ensuring precise emplacement or removal at launch facilities. due to maintenance requirements becoming harder to meet with the older model, these units will be replaced with newer, modernized equipment. the 91st missile wing is the last unit using the old te systems, as the roughriders are regularly relied upon to sunset programs being modernized.
                        









news







                        u.s., japan and republic of korea forces conduct trilateral flight
                        
                    

                        fighter aircraft from japan & the republic of korea conducted a trilateral escort flight of u.s. bombers operating in the indo-pacific, jan. 15, 2025.
                        









news







                        comsublant announces 2024 battle “e” winners
                        
                    

                        uss tennessee (ssbn 734) blue and gold crews are comsublant's ballistic missile submarine winners of the 2024 battle efficiency ("e") competition awards. noted in bold text, uss tennessee and other ssbn crews earned multiple awards across the annual competion, designed to strengthen and evaluate both command and overall force warfighting readiness and recognize outstanding command performance. the criterion for the battle "e" award is the overall readiness of a crew to execute its combat mission.
                        









news







                        ssp achieves major modernization milestone
                        
                    

                        cape canaveral, fl. – u.s. navy strategic systems programs (ssp) achieved a major milestone in support of the navy’s nuclear modernization effort with the validation of final operating capability (foc) for the strategic weapons systems ashore (sws ashore) facility on nov. 26.
                        









news







                        501st combat support wing powers btf 25-1 mission success
                        
                    

                        over the past month the 501st combat support wing (csw) has hosted the 20th expeditionary bomb squadron (ebs) and four u.s. air force b-52 stratofortresses as part of bomber task force (btf) 25-1. during that period, pathfinders seamlessly provided passenger and cargo movement, inprocessing, outprocessing, lodging, food, equipment, facilities and enabled airfield operations; further cementing the 501st as the go-to unit for european theater btf support.
                        









news







                        bomber task force 25-1 advances interoperability with nato partners and allies
                        
                    

                        the 20th expeditionary bomb squadron deployed to raf fairford, england, nov. 4 – dec. 12, 2024 for bomber task force 25-1.
                        









news







                        b-52s depart uk following successful bomber task force deployment 
                        
                    

                        four u.s. air force b-52h stratofortress aircraft departed royal air force fairford, england, dec. 13 following a successful bomber task force deployment.
                        









news







                        kirtland air force base receives cutting-edge communications system
                        
                    

                        in april 2024, kirtland afb achieved a major milestone with the installation of the global aircrew strategic network terminal at the 377th abw command post. this $600 million nuclear command, control & communication upgrade modernizes cold war-era communications equipment, ensuring robust connectivity for nuclear & non-nuclear missions. 
                        









        more
        











 



                     



     























inspector general
freedom of information act
privacy & security
privacy act / civil liberties
dept. of defense

official website of u.s. strategic command



no fear act
external link disclaimer
accessibility / section 508
contact us

 




the u.s. department of defense is committed to making its electronic and information technologies accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with section 508 of the rehabilitation act (29 u.s.c. 794d), as amended in 1998. dod websites use the wcag 2.0 aa accessibility standard.









stay connected






















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil












