




thomas cole national historic site































































 






 
 
 






















visit plan your visit
buy tickets
private guide tours
group visits
digital app guide with audio
the area
weddings & rentals
faqs
about
contact us


what’s on exhibitions & events
historic interiors
digital immersive experiences
hudson river school art trail
recent press
press releases


art exhibitions
past exhibitions
cole paintings
collection highlights
explore thomas cole


education school visits
cole fellows program
videos & podcasts
teacher resources
primary sources
historic household
museum digital guide
digital learning experience
thomas cole’s story e-book
360 explore virtual tour
for collectors


join and give make a donation
become a member
volunteer
employment


shop





 











 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 











 









open select sundays for public guided tours & by appointment for private guide tours


	    book your tickets      
 









    on view now
    thomas cole paintings
see spectacular original paintings by thomas cole on view in the artist’s home this year.


	    browse     





	    tickets     




 






















 


























 



















































    happening now
sunday salons 
guided tours
grounds open as a free public park


	    learn more     




 















 




























 














    on view now
    immersive experiences
explore award-winning digital and immersive experiences throughout the authentic historic interiors of the artist’s home.


	    information      
 









































    your new arrival to the historic site
introducing the cole center, a new purpose-built stand-alone visitor center, the first architectural building by renowned designer stephen shadley.
the building reorients visitors’ arrival to the site, embraces the catskill mountains, and references thomas cole’s 19th-century architectural designs.


	    learn more      















 







    thomas cole
thomas cole (1801-1848) was an american artist and early environmentalist. he was the founder of the influential art movement known today as the hudson river school of american landscape painting.
visit cole’s historic home and studios in the landscape that inspired it all.


	    explore cole’s paintings     
	    discover cole's story     
	    read cole’s bio     
	    learn more     






 

 
















    our story





	    who we are     





	    greening initiative     





	    land acknowledgement      








































 







    things to see and do
explore thomas cole’s historic home, studios, and grounds, hike to one of the places in nature that he painted, see major exhibitions of 19th-century and contemporary art, browse the gift shop, take in a lecture, or celebrate at one of our special events.  learn about all there is to see and do here.


	    learn more     











 



 























 



 











 











    gift shop

 


    shop our gift shop & book store
	    shop now      
 







    become a member
join a community of people who care about american art and landscape.


	    join today     

 

 
















    recent press

 


	    read more      





 













 








 



 


    learn about the catskills and hudson valley

 


the thomas cole national historic site is situated between the hudson river and the catskill mountains, and is surrounded by cultural and scenic attractions in an area known for its history and its beauty.


	    learn more      
















    get the latest news plus invitations to free events & programs
	    keep in touch      





 







cover slide show photo credits: 1,3,5 & 6. peter aaron/ otto; 2. jenn morse; 4. zio & sons
digital installation: tasha hurley

 


roothome12.17.2014





 
  the thomas cole national historic site preserves and interprets the original home and studios of the artist and early environmentalist thomas cole (1801-1848). cole founded the influential art movement of the united states, now known as the hudson river school of landscape painting.

 privacy policy • accessibility • contact
 

 
 thomas cole national historic site
218 spring street
catskill, ny 12414
phone 518.943.7465
info@thomascole.org


 

 

buy tickets

become a member

make a donation


 














×

volunteer app-2019


volunteer application form



























