




































    ole piper family restaurant and sports bar |  rosemount, mn
  
















               


 
     

our menu


       



 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 (952) 432-7111



    home



  menu


   main menu



  seasonal  menu



  bottled beer



  taps & happy hour



  catering



  dine-in lunch specials





  about



  gallery



  apply online



  testimonials



  contact












    
 





       4.4 
★★★★★ 
out of 1,400 google reviews
 ole piper family restaurant and sports bar
16604 cedar ave s
serving lakeville, apple valley, farmington and rosemount!!



 neighborhood favorite since 1969! specializing in pizza, pasta, sandwiches and more! stop in to catch a game, or just catch up with family

     

order online


   

our menu







   



    our history

welcome to

ole piper family restaurant and sports bar. the ole piper, formerly known as "inn" (no connection with prince) also known as "pipers" or "the pipe". we've been around since dinosaurs roamed valley park, and as a matter of fact, if you're lucky you can still see a sighting of them in the bar. like mr. rogers..."we want to be your neighbor". we've fed you, your kids, and probably your kids, kids. through all the commercialness and political debacles these days, we've managed to stay a family owned, family ran restaurant servicing apple valley, farmington, rosemount and lakeville and we only have you to thank, yes you!!
  

about us




    our happy customers

    
  ★★★★★
i accidentally doubled my order because my card had expired and needed to be updated on their app so after reordering online under the new information i called them directly and explained that i didn’t want both orders to the very pleasant worker (avery) what had occurred. she was all over it and assured my this was not uncommon and not to worry about it.coral s.

  





 
  ★★★★★
great old-school atmosphere. the pizza is classic mid-west pub pizza and done really well. they have had over 45 years to perfect classic pub pizza. my favorite thing on the menu however is the piper burger / deluxe. have eaten them my whole life and they never disappoint.matt d.

  





 
  ★★★★★
a quick visit for some nostalgic pizza i last had in the seventies.  the pizza was excellent- on half sausage half pepperoni  and a second buffalo chicken both on the thin crust. one thing i didn't realize until leaving is there are two separate sides and you can order food in either but we ended up on the various side that was busy and lots more tvs.david o.

  





 
  ★★★★★
loved it.  it was my first time there.  i only had dessert, but it was yummy.  it was like strawberry cream cheese filled pastry that's deep fried.  highly recommend!  it comes with frosting, but i ordered whipped cream and that was a great combo. there was so much that i brought half back for my wife.bryan v.

  








  

more reviews




    feast with your eyes

    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button







  

view more








       





       

    






  

    






  

    






  

    












    contact us
   name*

 email*

 phone*

 message






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.


  

 ole piper family restaurant and sports bar

16604 cedar ave s, rosemount, mn 55068
phone:(952) 432-7111
email:olepiper1@gmail.com
 hours:
  mon - sun
 11:00 am 
- 11:00 pm




kitchen closes at 10:30pm
  

get directions




     © 2025 
ole piper family restaurant & sports bar



       



 

 

 

 

 

 

 


























































































































  
  share by:








