

































northcentral technical college



















        skip to main content
      






northcentral technical college




menu
menu 

open search
search


close menu










audience navigation


workforce training & professional development


employers


community members


donors


student portal








site navigation


academics & training


admissions


campus life


about






search ntc.edu



search
search








search ntc.edu



search
search














homepage










 


make a change

            after years in the workforce, ryan whitcraft found success by going back to school to make a career change.
          

read more





 


life of service

            after serving in the military and starting her family, hanna discovered that protecting those who work in manufacturing had been a calling throughout her life.
          

read more





 


enlightening experience

            bringing power to homes that never had it changed how arden ziert viewed linework. “helping people out was most impactful, especially when we hooked up some young families with kids and they got to flip their lights and a fan on for the first time.”
          

read more















affordable


        $675,000
      

in scholarships awarded annually + affordable tuition make ntc the smart choice.




employable


        94%
      

of graduates available for employment are employed within a year of graduation.




transferable


        400+
      

transfer agreements with 50+ university of wisconsin and private college partners.








the college that cares
your future starts here

        at ntc, you will gain the skills and confidence to prepare for a successful career, and a successful future, while under the guidance of our caring and committed faculty and staff.
      

apply now
request information
visit ntc













          programs
      


we have 190+ program offerings including two-year associate degrees that combine technical skills with general education, one- and two-year technical diplomas that provide concentrated hands-on-learning, and short-term certificates to improve job skills.



programs by career field



100% online programs



full program list













          individual courses
      


whether you’re looking for a single course with transfer opportunities, a continuing education class to maintain certification or a professional development course to improve your job-related skills, we have you covered.

take a single class










          conferences, seminars, and workshops
      


our conferences, seminars, and workshops can help you develop your skills while networking with others in your profession. these events are led by industry experts to provide you with a high quality learning experience.

browse upcoming events




  
















we may be over 100 years old but the facilities at each of our campus locations reflect modern aesthetics and state of the art technology. visit us in person or explore our interactive virtual tour.



explore our locations










    upcoming events
  

view calendar









february
19

ai – saving time in research: smart & ethical tips!








february
19

research, writing, & apa lab








february
19

minute to win it












    ntc news
  

more news







feb 14, 2025

ntc agriculture students excel in pas competitions, advance to nationals


        students in northcentral technical college’s (ntc) agriculture-related programs are making their mark through professional agricultural students (pas), an organization that helps future agricultural professionals build essential skills, gain real-world experience and expand their industry networks.
      


















feb 5, 2025

late start courses


        (wausau, wis.) – northcentral technical college (ntc) is pleased to announce late start courses, which give learners the opportunity complete classes in eight weeks during the second half of the semester rather than waiting until the next term begins. late start courses begin monday, march 31 and run through friday, may 23. classes in several disciplines, including general education are available in-person and online.
      


















jan 24, 2025

skye mucha bridges the gap, connecting ntc students to helpful resources 


        students often face struggles outside of the classroom that inhibit their ability to learn and do well in school. skye mucha, student resource coordinator at northcentral technical college (ntc) works to address those barriers with students. 
      






















      featured academic offerings
  





































          university transfer associate degree
      


the university transfer associate degree program prepares learners to transfer to a four-year university or college. you can start here and go anywhere by completing your first two years with ntc before you transfer to a four-year university at junior status.

learn more & apply













          funeral services associate degree
      


the funeral services program at ntc is offered in collaboration with milwaukee area technical college. the funeral services programs offers a rigorous and comprehensive curriculum that covers all aspects of the funeral profession.

learn more & apply













          new programs
      


at ntc, we seek to provide an education that is meaningful and relevant to you. that’s why we strive to create new programs that meet learner, business and market needs.

learn more




  





primary actions navigation






take a class







explore programs







apply now












visiting?
while you’re here
as the college that cares, we want to welcome you to our campus community. while you’re here, we hope that you can enjoy the many services and amenities that are available to our students, staff and
        guests.












campus store
buy ntc merchandise, masks, school supplies and more.
campus store











campus cafe
enjoy a cup of coffee, snacks, or a meal at our campus cafe.
campus cafe















maps & parking
view campus and building maps or parking information.
maps & parking












free wifi
learn about how and where to access our free wifi network.
wifi access



















footer navigation


logo-full
northcentral technical college






center for access & accommodations


title ix


policies & disclosures


quotes, bids and proposals


legal information


safety & security


hours of operation








careers at ntc


library


public auction


request transcripts


event calendar


staff resources


k–12 staff resources








 


    make a gift
 


    apply now











contact us




 
    715.675.3331


 
    1000 w. campus dr., wausau, wi 54401






 




twitter



 
flickr



 
facebook



 
instagram



 
youtube
































