










home - access-specialties








































































































homeaccess control systems
focal point
focal point freedom
access security integrator
access control productsbecome a dealerwho we serve
educationhealthcareindustrialsmall business
newsabout us
why choose us
contact us



800-332-1013customer support


access-specialtiesaccess control & security management systemshomeaccess control systems
focal point
focal point freedom
access security integrator
access control productsbecome a dealerwho we serve
educationhealthcareindustrialsmall business
newsabout us
why choose us
contactscustomer portal






 



















commercial 
							access control systems for all sizes 
							discover more 
							 


best keyless 
							access control andsecurity products 
							learn more 
							 





















               




						access cards					














 




						card readers					














 




						multi-functional panels					














 




						photo id systems					














 




						wireless access control					























about 










access control  & security management systems 










							access specialties international is a leader in access control, access control systems, automation systems and security management.  asi develops state-of-the-art technology in total access control systems for large corporations to small businesses. 						






read more



















 




















security management systems 















 




entry-level access control 



for applications calling for a simple, economical access control solution, focal point is perfect. our 2-door starter kit includes everything you need for 2 access points (except for installation and electric door hardware) for only $1,200.00 retail. this has a fixed per door cost so… 






read more












 




enterprise access control 



access security integrator is a feature-rich, integrated security management and access control system. intuitive and user-friendly, with the power and flexibility to support larger, multi-site systems, it’s advanced features make it ideal for more complex, high security applications… 






read more












 




wireless access control 



wireless products are supported by all of the asi access control systems and delivers the security for your business. asi offers its clients the most recent and reliable technology in the marketplace. asi integrates, installs, maintains and updates the complete secure wireless access… 






read more


























why choose us 










over 25 years of industry experience and proven track-record of dedicated supportfinest access control systems with customer-driven featuresfree technical support and direct access to technicianslifetime warranty on all manufactured equipmentfriendly, knowledgeable staff with combined experience of over 40 years 





















case studies 











 



















 















access control products 










look to access specialties for all of your security and  access control product  needs!  







access cardscard readersmulti-functional panels 







photo id systemswireless access control 






























why us? 










why implement   access control?  










access specialties international is an access control and building security manufacturing company with the commitment, experience, support and innovation you deserve. asi offers its clients the most recent and reliable technology in the marketplace. asi integrates, installs, maintains and updates the complete secure access control solution for its customers. 













read more

























   




						protection					


						protect your people, property and assets with one of our powerful access control systems that are easy to manage and use.					













        




						increase productivity					


						access control systems provide employee accountability and restricts access to only those locations they are authorized to go.					

















      




						maximize building efficiency					


						schedule doors to lock automatically, set up future commands for special meetings or deliveries and automate building heating/air.					













           




						eliminate costly keys					


						lost or stolen keys can be replaced by an economical access card or keyfob maintaining the integrity of building security.					


















who we serve 















 











education 



							now more than ever the need for security at schools and universities is at a critical level. our access control systems help provide the much needed protection of students and faculty.						








 











healthcare 



							we work with hospitals, clinics and healthcare organizations to protect their people, buildings and assets. we know how to meet healthcare’s unique and rigorous security challenges.						








 











small business 



							we have helped countless small businesses enjoy the security and convenience of hands-free access control at a fraction of the price that it used to be. small businesses deserve big security.						








 











industrial 



industrial companies of all sizes have benefited from our access control systems. find out how we can help yours. 

















read more















become our access control dealer partner 

















become a dealer


























 






0


locks installed









 






0


premises secured









 






0


satisfied customers






















testimonials 











the job was done perfectly. i really appreciate how you installed my door locks!



amy schultz
home design


















15230 carrousel way rosemount, mn 55068sales@access-specialties.com800-332-1013linksaccess control systems
access control products
become a dealer
who we serve
privacy policy
navigatehome
company background
news
contact
subscribeenter your email to subscribe.



leave this field empty if you're human: 



 




access specialties © 2025. all rights reserved.































































































 

