









signal mutual - the premier longshore mutual in the united states















focus on safety
contractors & others working on your site:  what you need to know


                        close
                    





 
username 
password


log in
 
forgotten password
register
user guide
search







            menu
        




home



                                about us
                            

what we do
our history
board of directors
signal leadership
underwriting team
govcon team
safety team




                                coverage solutions
                            

longshore & harbor workers’ compensation act
defense base act
safeshore
state act companion program
commercial auto quoting platform
loss portfolio transfer




                                safety
                            

about us
operational alert
smia safety committee
resources library
covid-19 resources
member testimonials



news center


events


publications











 
username 
password


log in




forgotten password
register
user guide















operational alert...
hatches closed, eyes open


                    close
                







the premier longshore mutual












latest news


notice of special general meeting

                    to the members of signal mutual indemnity association ltd:

the board and managers have been engaged over the past several years in a review of the association’s governance and management protocols. this has included the housing of the day-to-day management of the association in a wholly owned subsidiary of the association:... read more



new focus on safety: coverage for contractors & others working on your site

                    the smia safety committee and signal safety team have created a library of topics for safety meetings, or toolbox talks called focus on safety read more



new solutions at work: forklift perimeter lights

                    what is it? solutions-at-work or “saw” are individual ideas where a member of the mutual looked at an existing hazard and, through their employee’s years of experience, knowledge, or creativity, developed a solution to the problem that eliminated or reduced the hazard to employees and the chance of injury. read more













our mission: to continuously improve the economics, quality, safety and outcomes for our members’ insurance requirements.
our vision: helping members prosper through smarter risk management







224
members




98.2%
member retention on renewal






over 9,000 
claims managed per year












our coverage solutions
workers' compensation is our focus and our specialty. however, we persistently seekavenues to improve our efficiency and value proposition for both our members and partners. this ongoing effort has led to the development of a comprehensive range of coverage solutions, offering convenience for our members and helping to protect against gaps in coverage. historically, our coverage solutions included incidental maritime employers’ liability (mel) coverage as well as the state workers’ compensation companion program. as our product lineup has evolved to better meet the needs of our members, we have launched our safeshore guaranteed cost program, a standalone defense base act program (govcon), and a commercial auto quoting platform.







united states longshore & harbor workers’ compensation act (lhwca)
we provide coverage for federal workers’ compensation as required by the longshore act and its’ extensions to our members on an unlimited statutory basis. we are also approved to provide coverage for each of the following extensions under the longshore act: defense base act (dba), outer continental shelf & lands act (ocsla), the nonappropriated fund instrumentalities act (nafia)

read more...







safeshore
our safeshore program was created to meet the market demand for cost-effective, responsive longshore workers’ compensation coverage for smaller waterfront employers. backed by the signal mutual indemnity association, safeshore provides full statutory longshore act coverage at fixed, not filed rates.

read more...







govcon
signal’s govcon division launched in march of 2023, focused on writing defense base act (dba) insurance for government contractors executing work for the us government overseas. the dba is an extension of the usl&h act. given that many of signal’s members have dba exposure, this coverage was a natural expansion of signal’s existing capabilities.

read more...







state act companion program
while signal is not able to offer state workers’ compensation coverage, we have arranged for a companion state act program, managed as a fixed cost facility and available to only signal and safeshore members.

read more...







commercial auto quoting platform
in response to the continued dislocation in the commercial auto market and growing needs of our membership, members of the mutual are now able to obtain commercial auto coverage from multiple a rated (or higher) carriers with national capabilities. reach out to find out more on this program!

read more...












safety is core to signal
signal mutual partners with our members to foster a safe environment - one that enables everyone to arrive home safely.
our signal safety resources team works with signal members to positively influence safety culture and support the effective implementation of each company’s safety management system. together, we strive to achieve an incident-free culture within the mutual. nothing is more important than working collaboratively with our membership so that all our member employees can return home injury-free. by teaming with member executives, management, supervisors, and employees, we continue to encourage daily engagement, increased levels of commitment, and active participation in safety at their workplaces.





connecting the membership

                                    signal strongly believes in the exchange of experiences, solutions, and knowledge by facilitating connections. our members collaborate on projects, share best practices, and benchmark their processes. ‘members helping members’; it's one of the many advantages of our mutual.
                                



measuring kpi's

                                    we measure what we seek to improve. selecting and monitoring key performance indicators provides actionable insight into the frequency and quality of the processes that identify and control risk.  data collected and analyzed leads to informed decision making within our membership and drives continuous improvement.
                                



remote & virtual support

                                    when the issue of time or distance arises, we can use our remote capabilities to ensure quality service to our members. our team has the capability to assist member organizations with all aspects of their safety management system through live video conferencing.
                                



safety meetings & training

                                    our signal safety committee, regional roundtables, leadership forums, and other local events link members and provide solutions to common industry challenges. regional and site specific training develops our workforce, management, and senior leaders.
                                



“first call” resource

                                    signal safety managers maintain a unique relationship with the members in each region. often, they are the “first call” when a question or challenge arises. we utilize the depth of experience on the safety resources team to provide answers and propose solutions.
                                




find out more about our safety team...









news/alerts

> all news





10
                        february
                        2025
                    

operational alert: fall from height head injury
operational alert’s, inform signal mutual members of serious incidents or a significant near-miss within the mutual. if you have similar...






22
                        january
                        2025
                    

new solutions at work: gaize and banana brim grinder
what is it? solutions-at-work or “saw” are individual ideas where a member of the mutual looked at an existing hazard...






20
                        january
                        2025
                    

signal 2025 general meeting
register for signal's 2025 winter general meeting!









publications

> all publications


                            use the search box below to find a specific publication or click "all publications" to view our full publication library
                        




search















latest events
                signal is proud to offer its members exclusive events throughout the year, including our annual general meeting, general meeting and safety events. see below for more information!
            





safety committee



25
                                                february
                                                2025
                                            

smia safety committee meeting: winter 2025
the signal mutual indemnity association (smia) safety committee meetings are two-day events held three times annually at various locations across the continental united states.

schedule




end date:
february 26, 2025



location_on
new orleans marriott
555 canal street
new orleans, la 70130








safety committee



03
                                                june
                                                2025
                                            

smia safety committee meeting: summer 2025
the signal mutual indemnity association (smia) safety committee meetings are two-day events held three times annually at various locations across the continental united states.

schedule




end date:
june 04, 2025



location_on
hilton baltimore bwi airport
1739 w. nursery rd.
linthicum, md 21090








annual general meeting



05
                                                august
                                                2025
                                            

2025 annual general meeting


schedule




end date:
august 07, 2025



location_on
the ritz-carlton naples
280 vanderbilt beach rd
naples, fl 34108








all events...









signal management services, llc
20 marshall street, suite 220
south norwalk, ct 06854

telephone +1 (203) 761-6060


                        copyright © 2025.
                    











privacy policy
terms & conditions
cookies
contact




























