





blackjack insider newsletter - articles, advice, and store
















































blackjack tournament e-books by bji author ken smith!

			how to win even more blackjack tournaments - volume ii... only $14.95.
			
			
			ken smith's second e-book on tournament blackjack contains more of his winning strategies that have made him one of the best tournament blackjack players in the world.
			or, 
			purchase both volume i and volume ii together for $24.95... over 15% off!
			
			new! read how ken used skill to win a recent blackjack tournament. get his books
			and you could too!
			















(web ads above removed with 
paid membership. click here for advertisement rates)



blackjack insider... the best strategy and advice on gambling
gaming newsletter published monthly by e-mail since 2001
note: henry tamburin, editor of bji, is retiring. 
last issue to be published december 2017. 

click here for more details.




click here to purchase a one-year membership(note: last issue being published december 2017)




past columns and articles by the field's most noted experts.
playing conditions at casinos throughout north america.
enjoy issues delivered right to your e-mail box monthly.
note: last issue to be published december 2017.

click here for more details.
read and search our entire  online archives of past articles.
no top and bottom banner bar ads on web pages for paid members!
amazing discounts on gambling products and services: click here for info.
got a question? see our members page.



not ready to buy a membership? sign-up for our free e-mail newsletter and find out
what you're missing... purchase a membership only when you're ready! about 1/2 
of the articles are free, while the rest are reserved for paid subscribers.
we never sell or distribute any subscriber information.














  


current issue of blackjack insider:
dec. 2017 issue #215
las vegas blackjack report:  stratosphere and sls casinos by stu d. hoss
trip report: resorts casino by joe "freeload" freda
best double-deck blackjack games in las vegas by kc brooks
from igaming to dfs to vgt's, pennsylvania makes it legal by mark gruetze
my top ten blackjack opportunites over the past 15 years-part 2 by jpb
paul's pointers: anatomy of a coupon run by paul wilson
as goes the bji, so does las vegas by nicholas colon
in the beginning by frank scoblete
i should have quit when i was ahead by dunbar
stickman's stance: video poker double up - good or bad? by jerry "stickman"
casino answerman by john grochowski

blackjack insider is sponsored by...













deepnet technologies develops a wide range of professional blackjack, poker and craps training
	software products for mobile and windows. deepnet provides all technical resources
	for the maintenance of the blackjack insider web site and e-newsletter.
	











		the smartgaming.com web site is owned by henry tamburin, blackjack expert and author of the
		immensely popular book, "blackjack: take the money and run" (30% off at www.smartgaming.com). henry is the editor of the blackjack insider e-newletter.
	
















looking for great savings on gambling software, books, videos and strategy guides?
check out our web store
of fantastic products! we've rounded up savings for our subscribers on the most popular blackjack, poker, and
gambling resources. click here
to view our catalogue.




  
regular features
here are some quick links to some of our most popular articles and features in our blackjack newsletter:

trip reports: current playing conditions in casinos
througout north america, with special focus on las vegas and atlantic city. find which casinos
have the most favorable games, penetration, and rules. our reports come straight from our team of informants who
visit local casinos regularly and report back on the latest playing conditions and blackjack rules.


tournament schedule: find out where the latest blackjack
tournaments are happening, how to enter, and how to win.

questions & answers: got a question about blackjack? send it to us, and
we may just answer it! if it's important to you, it's probably important to someone else. so, visit or
q & a page to see if it's already answered, or feel free to submit your
original question.

discounts and promotions for bji subscribers
we've rounded up great savings on blackjack books, software, and
other related material. we've arranged for these exclusive
discounts and offers... click here for more information.
























©2015, deepnet technologies. no material to be copied without express permission of deepnet technologies.
this site developed by 
deepnet technologies, ontario, canada. contact webmaster @ bjinsider . com
if you have problems.
this site is best viewed in a 800x600 graphics mode, or higher.





