

international academy of detoxification specialists

























 



in the last 50 years, man-made chemicals
        and drugs of abuse have spread through the world at almost inconceivable rates.
the final destination of
        many of these substances is the
        internal environment of the human body.
a growing body of research
        is raising concerns about the human effects of even low levels of chemical residues.
a detoxification
        regimen developed by l.
        ron hubbard has proved to be an effective tool for reducing body levels
        of fat-stored chemicals.  
 
 


offering information and education
        regarding the 
 use of detoxification to address the human consequences
        of chemical contamination and drug abuse.

about the
      academy
over the last two decades environmental and occupational health professionals,  rehabilitation specialists, and
      government officials on several continents have been involved in collaborative
      work relating to a detoxification program developed by l. ron hubbard. 

      click here to find out more about this work.

about
      detoxification
      get answers to frequently asked questions about the use of detoxification to address the human
      consequences of environmental contamination.  browse through an extensive archive of
      research papers and other publications related to this work.
      


new
      york rescue workers detoxification project
      in response to requests from firefighters and and union officials, academy
      members have helped to establish a detoxification clinic near ground zero.
      click here for details on this
      project.


news
      briefs
      news and recent developments relating to the subjects of environmental contamination
      and substance abuse. activities of academy members. click here.




 
       

 





about the academy
about
      detoxification
news
      briefs
contact us

 





        about the academy |  about detoxification
         

news briefs |  contact us



copyright
        (c) 2001, international association 
        of detoxification specialists. terms of use.





