



the mitsubishi zero




















 










mitsubishi a6m reisen 
        'zero' 
        aircraft series 
      
introduction
genesis and development
war prize
the lean years
aircraft identity
colour schemes
power plant
armament
avionics
zero and its opponents
preserved zeros
links
references & acknowledgments
home
royal 
        thai air force museum
e-mail 
 
all text material on this site is 
        © peter lewis 
        1985, 1999 
        unless otherwise acknowledged
  
 


    




introduction
this is a resource devoted to the mitsubishi a6m japanese 
          fighter aircraft, commonly known at the mitsubishi zero.
although the site provides considerable background information 
          on the design philosophy of the type and its actual design, construction 
          and use within the japanese military system, it is primarily devoted 
          to detailing the history of one particular machine.
this zero was discovered on the south pacific island of 
          bougainville by the allied military forces. recovered by members of 
          the royal new zealand air force, it was bought back to new zealand in 
          1945. 
after some years of storage and neglect, it now resides 
          on display at the auckland museum.
as a result both of the secrecy surrounding japanese wwii 
          military aircraft in general, and the difficulties on tracing the antecedents 
          of one particular piece of captured military hardware, this aircraft 
          has always been the subject of speculation and confusion.
at the invitation of the auckland institute and museum, 
          i researched the background and history 
          of this aircraft in the early 1980s, and the resultant document was 
          published both by the aviation historical society of new zealand (in 
          the june 1985 issue of the society's journal) and as a stand-alone booklet 
          by the museum.
currently, the information on this site is a direct extract 
          from this work. in the immediate future, i intend to update the information 
          held here to reflect knowledge that has come to light since the original 
          publication.
your input is welcome. i particularly seek news and photographs 
          on other examples of the breed that survive today.
 
peter lewis
pvlewis@woosh.co.nz
 
update 10 feb 2000
          - avionics page information expanded and photographs added
update: 13 july 1999:
          - construction number explanation added
update 8 july:
          - preserved/museum listing updated and more photographs added 
          - links page started
 
 








 



           you are visitor no:







 
 
  


