














home | environmental safety, sustainability and risk















      skip to main content
    



















main menu




askessr


forms & docs


services


chargeable service request


scishield


report to essr


training




topics


who we are


mission, vision, and values


annual report


contact


directory


org chart


news
















welcome to essr
our vision is a campus where safety and sustainability are core values at every level of the institution.

          who we are
      
















mary dorman appointed acting executive director of essr
i am honored to serve as the acting executive director of essr, building on my extensive experience in research and safety leadership since joining umd in 2010. i look forward to collaborating with our dedicated essr team and campus community to advance our strategic priorities and foster a culture of safety, sustainability, and excellence.

           learn more
       








cold safety in the work place
umd essr created a winter weather safety resource using guidance from osha, noaa, nws, and cdc/niosh. the page aims to educate and help the umd community prepare for and respond to winter weather hazards, such as slippery surfaces, strong winds, and cold stress, to prevent illnesses, injuries, and fatalities.

          learn more
       








climate action plan 3.0 
umd's current plan for reaching net zero carbonsince 2007, umd has pursued carbon neutrality. the latest technical plan, regularly updated with input from operational leaders, marks the third major version approved by the university sustainability council and president pines. the university senate reviewed it in december 2024.learn more
 








how can we help you?
consultationinspectionschargeable service requesttrainingcamps & youth programsworkers' compensationessr chargeback proceduresexplore all topics → 
 


























essr
environmental affairsfire marshaloccupational safety & healthresearch safetyrisk managementsustainability

          learn about essr units
       
















report to essr
report emergencies, spills, injuries, mold concerns, incidents, near misses and hazards by pressing the report button. to report a mold or air quality concern, pressreport a mold or air quality concern.for general inquiries, visit askessr. 

          report
       




















essr 2024: our impact by the numbers













1,000+
hot work permits issued





228 tons
regulated waste managed





2,148
student group events reviewed for risk assessment





1,335
faculty, staff, and students attended safety training sessions





2,000+
new laboratory hazard warning signs across campus have been replaced with an upgraded, improved version





143
staff and faculty earned a sustainability badge for adopting 8+ actions





view previous stat



view next stat





















news



















january 30, 2025


2024 osha's form 300a


2024 summary of work-related injury and illnesses is now available.










january 28, 2025


cold safety in the work place


as we continue with winter, we should consider hazards including slippery roads/surfaces, strong winds and cold stress. all of us at umd can prevent illnesses, injuries, or fatalities by controlling these hazards to protect ourselves and each other when we are impacted by winter weather.










january 24, 2025


lab safety awareness week


the university of maryland is joining campuses across the country in celebrating lab safety awareness week (february 10th-14th). we hope that all researchers will take this opportunity to engage with both their safety successes and challenges over the course of this week. essr is proud to be a part of your research experience and we will be sponsoring a number of new and exciting events this year.














              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4




              page
            5




              page
            6




              page
            7




              page
            8




              page
            9

…


            nextpage




            lastpage















          all news
      











home


div admin


directory


report an emergency


copyright 2024


contact us


intranet








environmental safety, sustainability and risk
4716 pontiac st, college park, md 20742, usa
301.405.3960
 · 
askessr@umd.edu












umd.edu


vpa


web accessibility


privacy notice





back to top






