







pool igloo – above ground pool enclosure


















































 

















 















home
buy now
about
contact


















home
buy now
about
contact





















pool igloo 

        diy above ground pool cage    

pool igloo, the dome that keeps the bugs, and ughs out of your pool.














unique pool dome 



























        simple to install    



    the pool igloo is the only product of its kind. a screen/cage system for your above ground pool that takes the headaches out of maintaining your pool, this screen enclosure helps keep your swimming pool clear of all debris, easy to maintain, and a pleasure to relax in throughout the year.





                                find out more                
            




                                buy now                
            






fits most round pools!from 12' to 27'rounds available















        above ground    

pool cage 















    save money on pool chemicals

    your new oasis will require half the chemicals to remain clear and clean through the year.

    save time on cleaning

    no more scraping leaves and debris from the bottom of your pool.

    relax in comfort, no more bugs

    enjoy your oasis without wasps, mosquitoes or other pests who love summertime as well.













    finally, a unique accessory for your above ground pool designed to help you save time and money on maintenance while providing comfort. keep those bugs and leaves out of your oasis. no more chasing inflatable pool toys across the yard on a windy day. pool igloo, the dome that keeps the bugs, and ughs out of your pool.







        have questions? 

call or email us today


start spending more time enjoying your above ground pool than you spend maintaining it.  pool igloo, the dome that keeps the bugs, and ughs out of your pool.



        call 678-310-0770 

to order your's today


        sales@pool-igloo.com    



                                buy now                
            

















