




 


registered historian



 







log in












 











home




find a historian




join




news



newsletters







conferences



2024 conference



marketing opportunities







2023 conference







contact



aphnys officers, directors and regional coordinators







historians manual




resources




registered historians




2023 conference handouts




aphnys information












aphnys
the association of public historians of new york state is a 501(c)3 non-profit professional organization that represents the 1,600+ government-appointed historians in the state. under state law, every county and municipality in new york is required to have an appointed historian to document, preserve, interpret, and share the history of their communities. it is part of the state’s commitment to ensuring that new yorkers have access to quality educational experiences enriched by cultural heritage resources. our state’s local historians are here to serve you!  








 







please note our new mailing address: po box 316, babylon, ny 11702



the new york state 250th commemoration field guide
2026 
will mark the 250th anniversary of the declaration of independence, the 
foundational document of the revolution that occurred between 1774 and 
1783 and resulted in the creation of the united states of america. what 
is now the state of new york played an immense and vital role in both 
the revolutionary era and the subsequent 250 years of american history. 
planning for such an important commemoration in a comprehensive way at 
the local, regional, and/or state level can be a daunting task. because 
of this, the association of public historians of new york state (aphnys)
 has partnered with the office of state history at the new york state 
museum to produce the new york state 250th commemoration field guide
 which provides suggested commemorative themes, ideas, and information 
to help planners at the local and regional level in all parts of the 
state.read more

need help planning or developing content for your community's rev 250 commemorations? apply to host a college intern through the robert david lion gardiner foundation's semiquincentennial summer fellowship program. please note that the deadline has been extended!
 









recent news



2025 annual conference

friday, february 14, 2025 8:22 pm


julie madlin



aphnys conference

monday, february 03, 2025 1:01 pm


julie madlin



election of 2025 officers

wednesday, january 22, 2025 3:34 pm


julie madlin





upcoming events


no upcoming events



learn more

check out the following resources:

local historians manualwilliam g. pomeroy foundation - historic markers
new york office of state history
new york state archives
consider the source online: teaching with historical records
new york state library
local government historians law
google email account set up

 
become a member!
aphnys membership provides a supportive peer group of government-appointed historians and public history affiliates who understand the unique work that you do. share experiences and learn from people doing work similar to yours!

if you are paying by check, please send your form and payment to aphnys, p.o. box 316, babylon, ny 11702


join us


 









association of public historians of new york state

publichistoriansnys@gmail.com w www.aphnys.org

































powered by wild apricot membership software







