

american sighthound field association, asfa, 




























 












  2023 asfa ii   regionals   acod 2025 


  trial results (updated monthly)   new titles   top 20 trial results (updated monthly)   lifetime top 20   hall of fame   gary forrester award   excellence in performance   incentive award  


  clubs   officers & directors   questions & comments  


  photo album   asfa store   pamphlets & videos   links  


  animal advisory   eligible breeds   asfa communique   mission statement   presidents letter   officers & directors   rule book / policies   judges  


  entry forms   trial forms   trial date request   club membership forms   online renewal  


  trial schedule   trial results (updated monthly)   entry forms   trial forms   trial date request  


  officers & directors   trial records (updated monthly)   top 20 (updated monthly)   trial schedule   judges   hound records   rule book / policies   trial date request   trial forms   club membership forms   online renewal  


  sport of lure coursing   eligible breeds   trial schedule   entry forms   clubs   rule book / policies  








breed of the month
basenji

          pics by big paw prints



          click on your region to get more information about events and clubs in  your area.




 
          click on your region to get more information about events and clubs in  your area.





 asfa explained


the american sighthound field association was founded in 1972. since then the asfa has been promoting the sport of lure coursing throughout the us. we are proud to be the first nationally known association for lure coursing. in the sport of lure coursing we do not chase live game, we use a plastic bag on a string powered by motors. the hounds love to “hunt” the plastic bag. you need only to see the speed, enthusiasm, ability, follow and endurance expressed by these wonderful sleek hounds to become hooked on the sport of lure coursing. asfa sponsored lure coursing trials are held on most weekends throughout the year, usually in multiple locations arounds the country. you can find clubs in your area by clicking on your state on the map on this page. a schedule of events can be found by clicking on the “field trials” button above. asfa field trials can offer you, your family and your sighthound a day of great fun. try asfa. you can be assured you will not regret learning more about lure coursing. thank you for exploring our organization and web site.

all references       on this website to the ckc mean the canadian       kennel club, unless expressly stated otherwise.


 








 

the 
              sport of 
lure 
coursing explained

 















acod 2025 is going virtual



announcement asfa records program



new president's message, august 2024



corrrected communique january 2025



asfa wearables and more!



electronic submission of records










this 
          site is best viewed with a screen resolution of 955 by 600 true color. 
©              2002-2023 american sighthound field association. all rights reserved. 
              no part of this site may be reproduced without written permission 
              from the asfa 
                webmasters. acceptance and use of the information contained on 
              this website constitutes an acknowledgment that the user hereby releases 
              and indemnifies the asfa, its officers, directors, members and agents 
              from any and all liability and damages sustained by the user as a 
              result of any information obtained from this web site.




 faq's
 eligible breeds 
 schedule
 top 20
 trial results
 entry forms
 asfa store 




rule book
clubs
officers & directors
questions & comments
sitemap










