


































































greensboro news and record | breaking news | | read greensboro and north carolina breaking news. get latest news, events and information on north carolina sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















45°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



submit a counterpoint




sports


hsxtra



college



accxtra



professional



betting



north carolina betting



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



dining



contests



games & puzzles



comics



play



people



travel



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith



sponsored content



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



greensboro archives




our properties


rockingham now




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage greensboro subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



manage rockingham subscription



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









45°
partly cloudy
























        
        
            dudley track wins boys and girls nchsaa 3a indoor state championships

dudley pulls off another sweep to win the boys and girls 2025 indoor track & field state championships.

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            fitz on main is back open, eight months after fire

"it feels good," co-owner david fitzpatrick said of the reopening of fitz on main in kernersville. "the response has been overwhelming."

















        
        
            100% chance of snow in the triad on wednesday, forecasters say

snowfall totals could range from 1 to 3 inches. 

















        
        
            reidsville's jason ross honored as among the top black head coaches in the us

ross guided the rams to a state 2a victory over farmville central last march.

















        
        
            wake forest's road trip this weekend should be a lot less stressful

demon deacons will travel to raleigh on saturday to take on nc state at 2 p.m.

















        
        
            northern guilford knew it would be boys basketball conference champions

northern guilford boys basketball felt confident it would win the metro 4a conference in 2025, despite what appeared to be an uncertain season.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            100% chance of snow in the triad on wednesday, forecasters say


















        
        
            wingstop coming to this closed restaurant on battleground avenue in greensboro


















        
        
            greensboro planning board supports annexation for de-annexed summerfield land















                
                the latest










        
        
            nj industrial real-estate developer spends $29.5 million on undeveloped greensboro site

a new jersey commercial and industrial real-estate developer is expanding its presence in greensboro and the triad by spending $29.5 million to purchase an undeveloped 21.9-acre property.





















        
        
            photos: demonstrators gather outside senator's office











        
        
            triad furniture manufacturer plans 57-job expansion for high point

commercial furniture manufacturer beaufurn is taking another shot at expanding within the triad, this time pledging to create and relocate a combined 57 full-time jobs to an existing high point plant.





















        
        
            photos: fitz on main reopens in kernersville after fire last may




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains




















        
        
            wssu's justin fleming talks about the homecoming game coming up against fay. state




















        
        
            southwest airlines to cut 15% of corporate workforce amid struggles




















        
        
            new affordable housing and community spaces coming to highbridge












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: highlights from 3a and 4a state indoor track and field championships



















        
        
            parker friedrichsen helps lead wake forest to big road win at smu on saturday night

he played major minutes after cam hildreth was out with a foot injury




















        
        
            alley hart, a former wake forest basketball star, has died

the guard from kinston helped the demon deacons to the acc regular-season championship in 1961 and an elite eight appearance 




















        
        
            unc greensboro routs vmi to get into first-place tie in socon

uncg's victory gave it a share of first place in the southern conference.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            truck accident liability: who's responsible and how to prove it

contributor content. liabilities in truck accidents often require thorough investigation and legal expertise, as they cannot always be determined quickly. 












sponsored








        
        
            key considerations for selecting a health plan this open enrollment season

content by blue cross and blue shield of north carolina. whether someone is purchasing health insurance for the first time or simply needs some help navigating the health insurance marketplace®, blue cross nc is here to help.












provided








        
        
            what are the benefits of teaching at the primary school level?

provided content. teaching can be an incredibly rewarding experience and leave you feeling like you’re shaping the minds of the future. here are five benefits of earning your master's in teaching primary education that you can get excited about.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            rkockatop citizens



                                        for economic development, reidsville, nc 27320
                                    






















        
        
            greensboro chamber of commerce-trade



                                        111 w. february one place, greensboro, nc 27401
                                    






















        
        
            guilford county



                                        county manager's office, greensboro, nc 27401
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















rockingham now





        
        
            cross selling house acct.
























retail stores





        
        
            shoe market




































        
        
            2025 readers' choice



















×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


life & entertainment

rockingham now

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

place an ad

advertise

submission forms

contact us

join our team

become a carrier

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        greensboro news & record, 3001 south elm eugene st. greensboro, nc 27401
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































