get the best plant care | florashop the flora pod: featured on shark tank!homethe flora podarticlesarticlesexplore all articles on every topicview all top articlestop 10 most popular roseshow to care for china roseshow to care for chinese money plantshow to grow and care for a bird of paradisetop 10 plants to grow in a terrariumtrendinghow to grow and care for corn plantshow to care for madagascar dragon treeshow to care for nerve plantshow to care for lavenderhow to care for calla liliesexplore plantsplantsexplore all plants on every topicview all top plantsaloe veragolden pothosmadagascar dragon treearrowhead vinetaro 'black beauty'trendingtaro 'tropical storm'taro 'big dipper'taro 'burgundy stem'polvygiebergeranthus vespertinuscontact ushomethe flora podblogexplore plantscontact usidentify and care for your plants - download flora for free!get appelevate your plant game with floradiscover expert plant care at your fingertips: watering reminders, plant identification, and a global community of plant parentsshop nowtake the guesswork out of plant care!identify, care, and growflora can identify over 10,000 plants, and give you care guides and reminders so that your plants can thrive - all for free.a blooming communityjoin over 200,000 plant parents all sharing their growth journeys.get rewarded for your green thumbsearn seed points and badges through caring for your plants, which you can then spend on discounts, giveaways, and several rewards!elevate your plant game with floradiscover expert plant care at your fingertips: watering reminders, plant identification, and a global community of plant parentsshop nowtake the guesswork out of plant care!identify, care, and growflora can identify over 10,000 plants, and give you care guides and reminders so that your plants can thrive - all for free.a blooming communityjoin over 200,000 plant parents all sharing their growth journeys.get rewarded for your green thumbsearn seed points and badges through caring for your plants, which you can then spend on discounts, giveaways, and several rewards!what our plant parents are saying:favourite plant app!“i have been using this app for i think around a year now and it has only gotten better! i love the tips for plants that it gives and the ability to add custom plants has always been very useful for me ! with each update the app gets smoother and better and i can’t wait to see what comes next! they’re constantly improving and the fact that the app maintains a minimal design while still feeling alive is a giant plus! great job on a fantastic app!”use it every day for over a year“i use this app every day. over the course of the pandemic, i have acquired a lot of plants. this app has made it very easy for me to monitor my plants needs without reviewing every plant and it’s soil every single day. this app allows me to focus in on a select few that need attention throughout the week, making having a lot of plants more manageable. i’ve been able to reach out to support and make suggestions which has come with positive response and feature upgrades that make the app even better than it was when i downloaded it a year ago. the app is always striving to do better and they add features that new and veteran plant parents both benefit from. i recommend this app to everyone!”holy wow“this app is everything you could want in a plant app and more!! the team dedicated to building flora is incredible and have put so much time and effort into even the smallest details and it seriously shows. everything is so simplified and easy to understand even for plants that are difficult to care for. next to those friendly little reminders to water my plants, the community garden might be my favorite aspect to the app because the only thing better than being a plant mom is having other plant parents to obsess over plants with. super awesome app, definitely get it!”discover plants with flora!aloe veracactus/succulentsaloe barbadensisgolden pothosvines/climbersepipremnum aureummadagascar dragon treetreesdracaena marginataarrowhead vinevines/climberssyngonium podophyllumtaro 'black beauty'vegetablescolocasia esculenta 'black beauty'discover other plantshow does flora work?1. download the flora app (now live in both android and ios) and sign in to your garden! 2. scan your plant and flora will identify it! or find your plant in our database (if we haven’t it - add your custom).3. fill all plant info and get your personalized plant care recommendations!4. add more plants and create your own paradise garden!5. join our community garden with over 100k+ plant lovers!6. collect different poins and badges and win special rewards!flora - plant care and diagnosiswatering schedules & plant identification4.7 out of 51.5k ratingstrisan sapplethis app is amazing!“perfect for all levels of plant care. whether you are a beginner, intermediate, or expert, this app helps you keep track of your plants' health.“mary robinsonlove this app!“this app is a lifesaver for me. i was never able to keep any plant alive before. flora gives me the knowledge and reminders to keep 15 plants alive for over a year now.“mel rapleeit's a great app!“it reminds me to water my plants and customizes the options based on different factors like room temp, direction of the window, and type of soil and plant pot“check out detailed care guides and articles!how to water air plantsjan 23, 202510 benefits of ginger plant​jan 22, 202510 amazing benefits of house plants for your health and homejan 21, 20257 rosemary plant benefitsjan 21, 2025floraidentify and care for your plants - for free!get apphomethe flora podblogexplore plantscontact usfacebookinstagramtiktokterms of servicesprivacy policyget our app