







strategize












































search
 
















                strategize            





                role of benefits            



                employer objectives            



                employee needs            



                knowledge series            



                values exercise            



                scorecard exercise            







                optimize            





                optimize risk sharing            





                risk sharing            



                passive audit controls            



                coverage limits            



                drug management            



                dental claim reduction            





                dental hygienists            



                dental exam frequency            







                managed dental care             



                attendance management            







                optimize supplier management            





                supplier management            



                risk sharing with suppliers            



                renewal accounting            



                renewal pricing            



                active audit strategies            







                optimize quality coverage            







                customize            





                communication            



                taxation            







                benefit tips            





                design tips            



                cost tips            



                coverage tips            



                claims tips            



                admin tips            



                solutions            







                coverage            





                health care            





                health spending            





                members            







                employee assistance            



                mentoring            



                wellness            



                public plan            





                coverage            



                contact            







                private care            



                critical illness            



                medical            



                vision            



                dental            



                international staff            







                income replacement            





                disability            





                employer            



                sick day            



                short-term disability            



                ei sickness supplement            



                long-term disability            



                individual disability            



                government:            



                workers compensation            



                ei sickness benefits            



                cpp disability            







                retirement            





                employer:            



                retirement savings            



                profit sharing            



                pension plan            



                government:            



                cpp retirement            



                old age security            







                death            





                life insurance            







                finance            











                about            





                services            



                business model            



                history            



                links            



                contact            





 






















this website provides small business owner with employee benefit solutions that make good business sense.we explain the long-term implications of each option available to you.our specialty is designing benefit plans that attract, reward and retain better employees.
 
attract & retain great employees with strategic benefit plan design
the reason most small business owners provide an employee benefit plan is to attract and retain great employees. matching your competition often requires you to provide some drug, vision, dental and medical coverage. you might also realize that retirement savings and long-term disability insurance provides a smooth transition out of the workforce.
but how do you become the employer of choice for key staff? while most employers provide an insurance package, you can customize your benefit plan and strategically use your benefit budget to target specific results. a flexible plan that focuses your benefit budget on key segments of your workforce reduces your cost.

improve employee retention & reduce employee turnover
supporting your corporate culture with a benefit plan that employees are proud of improves employee retention and reduces employee turnover. employees feel valued when they are heard, they feel respected when they have choice and they feel special when you provide exactly what they believe they need. designing your benefit plan to reflect these values will differentiate you from your peer employers and help make you the employer of choice.
using benefit to reward & retain key employees
create a workforce advantage by customizing benefit coverage for segments of your workforce that are critical to your success. learn what type of benefits these key employees want and provide them as a reward and as a method of retaining them.
improve benefits & introduce new employee benefits
create a cost advantage by differentiating yourself from the competition through a lower expense structure. you can often save some money by changing your benefit plan but the biggest payoff is when you target your benefit coverage to attract and retain your ideal staff.
 
the strategy alignment process® provides more information on aligning your employee benefits strategy with your overall business goals. 

















ask a trusted advisor
info@benefits.org
905-577-7685 (southern ontario)
416-726-7826 (toronto)
benefits interface is a registered trademark of benefits interface, inc.
        









