





presidential-inauguration.com – guide to the 2021 u.s. presidential inauguration



 


































transportation & parking
washington d.c. tours/activities
presidential-inauguration.comguide to the 2021 u.s. presidential inauguration 

getting tickets
going to the inauguration
inaugural parade
inaugural balls & parties
inauguration q&a
contact








best of the west inaugural ball










georgia state society inaugural gala










first in the nation celebration










washingtonian inaugural ball










tennessee state society inaugural ball










featured story
a brief history of the u.s. inaugurationthe first president, george washington, was inaugurated at federal hall in new york on april 30, 1789. washington repeated the oath, read by chancellor robert livingston of new york, with one hand on the bible: “i do solemnly swear that i will … [read more...]
inauguration coverage
video coverage of the 2021 u.s. presidential inauguration


inauguration headlines


state society events
north carolina society inaugural ballsouth dakota state society inaugural celebrationcalifornia presidential inaugural luncheon
featured
inauguration q&awhen is the 2021 u.s. presidential inauguration?
the u.s. presidential inauguration will be held on january 20, 2021.
what events make up the presidential inauguration?
the inauguration of the u.s. president has changed over the centuries.  today, the traditional activities that constitute … [read more...]
going to the inaugurationnote: the following information is from the january 2017 u.s. presidential inauguration. 

gates will open at 6 a.m. on the morning of the inauguration.  parking will be severely limited on inauguration day, but visitors may take public transportation.

the


 traveling to washington, d.c. for the inauguration?  get discounted hotels rooms for groups.

inauguration 2021
2020 battle for the white house chess set  set board game - chess pieces look just like politicians & patriotic chess board democrats vs. republicans

latest
veterans inaugural ballalong with the veterans inaugural committee, the american legion will present … [read more...]uniteus inauguration partynative nations inaugural ballwashington presidential inaugural fashion show
 
joe biden bobblehead


 
donald trump bobblehead


 

events by date
transportation & parking
washington d.c. tours/activities

misc.
privacy policy
disclaimer and terms of service
contact

copyright © 2025 · presidential-inauguration.com · all rights reserved. · unofficial guide to u.s. presidential inaugurations · privacy policy · disclaimer · terms of servicepresidential-inauguration.com



 





















