



















































lois szymanski — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































loisszy
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














loisszy







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






lois szymanski
living the write life!


recent entriesarchivefriendsprofilelois szymanski, children's author

previous 10


about this journali'm a writer.  it's an uncertain choice. there are ups and downs, good days and bad days, but all in all it's the write life. these are my rambling thoughts on writing, ponies, motherhood and the joy of grandparenting. celebrate the fun with me!current month 1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
aug. 13th, 2012 @ 10:33 pm summer daysit's been a great summer. my health has been on the upswing and i've had two books come out. "wild colt" was released in march and "chincoteague ponies: untold tails" came out in july. add to that a contract for another book and a contract to do chincoteague pony trading cards, and the summer couldn't be much better. on monday, i hit my deadline to deliver the text for the first 75 herd members!pony penning on chincoteague during the last full week in july was so busy it almost took my breath away. i wrote the newsletter for the chincoteague pony association, did a talk at the chincoteague wildlife refuge (followed by a signing), helped tag the wild colts, had two wonderful book signings at the kite koop, worked at a feather fund fundraiser, helped our feather fund kids get their foals on auction day, took pictures and recorded every foal auctioned for the cpa and hosted a picnic for 62 feather fund friends at the house we rented! whew!after pony penning week i had two days to catch my breath before heading off to los angeles, ca for the international scbwi conference. it was the best conference i've ever attended. usually, i come away inspired but not learning a whole lot of new stuff. this one was different. jay asher's workshop, "no bookmarks" showed me some cool ways to build suspense in the mystery i am currently rewriting. gary schmidt's keynote brought me to tears and numerous other workshops had me taking notes and hatching new ideas.i'm working on rewrites on the ya murder mystery and have started a new chincoteague pony story for mg.i hope summer has brought all your goals to fruition!about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkapr. 6th, 2012 @ 07:16 pm thanks to amie rotruck rose!i have not blogged in almost a year. i'd decided (long before then, when my posts were slowing down) that blogging taking away too much writing time.  then, amieroserotruck tagged me in the lucky 7 game. i could never let amie down, so here you go!the games says to:open your most recent novel or work-in-progress.turn to page 7 or page 77.count 7 lines down.copy (or read aloud in a vlog post) the next 7 sentences…in their entirety.no cheating or editing!!!then tag 7 more authors!here's mine:     but then i did.  as if my body had a will of its own i turned slowly to stare at her, to make sure she was really dead, to make sure it was really trevvy, to make sure it wasn’t a halloween prank.      the tall, thin police officer had stepped into the gully and was kneeling beside her.  the shorter, chubby one handed him a pair of white rubber gloves and the thin one pulled them on.  he brushed her hair out of her face and i turned away again, choking down bile.       “can i wait in front of the library?”   “the chubby one stepped closer.  i could smell his aftershave, a mix of spice and sweat. i'm tagging:susanwritessaputnamthatgirlygirlalexflinngypsyrobinlohigh58melissawyattnow that i'm back, i'm going to try to check in more often, at least monthly.and now that i'm back i'd like to announce my new book, "wild colt," a picture book written in light verse and illustrated by the amazing linda kantjas.happy spring!about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkmay. 30th, 2011 @ 09:15 pm spring thoughtsspring is the start of so many new things, new manuscripts, new foals to  see on chincoteague island, new books to read, book signings, and new  life all around!this spring i am excited about the picture  book i have under contract with schiffer books. the illustrator, linda  kantjas has been sharing her developing art work and it is truly  amazing! her ponies are based on the actual herds that live on the island  and her clean, realistic style blows me away!  the picture book is called "wild colt". it's written  in cryptic rhyme. that means the story comes in bursts of rhyming  information, not necessarily full sentences. it shows the life of a wild  colt born in the wetlands of assateague and depicts the wetlands  creatures he meets, the storms that come, and the dark of night as he  grows  tall in summer haze. the book takes the reader into pony penning  and the day the colt is sold at auction.   spring also means numerous book signings at reading days,  strawberry festivals and summer library events. as i promote the latest  book, "the true story of sea feather," i have lined up some events where  the real sea feather will join me, meeting the public as i sign his  book. look for those on the schedule of events for june and july!  perhaps the most rewarding thing about spring is reading all the  feather fund (www.featherfund.org)  applications and choosing our pony award winners. i'm a  member of the board of directors for this not for profit organization  that helps children purchase chincoteague ponies annually on  chincoteague island. the charity was created in memory of my friend,  carollynn suplee, who bought a pony for a child almost every year she  survived cancer, eight years! when she passed, we decided to keep her  work alive. she was an angel in life and now she guides us, the angel  behind the scenes.  http://www.facebook.com/pages/the-feather-fund/110785658270?ref=ts   hope you are finding new books, new life and new adventures in your spring!about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkdec. 6th, 2010 @ 11:14 am retreat!it's been a great week. on wednesday i received my advance copy of "the true story of sea feather" and a bottle of wine from my publisher. on friday, i took the wine with me to the md/de/wv scbwi winter retreat at blue mountain retreat center (http://bluemountainretreat.org) across the river from harper's ferry, wv in knoxville, md. the retreat was amazing.  i met other talented authors and we spent a weekend of writing, discussion, workshops and readings. we were honored to have among us jane conly, newbery honor book award recipient. everyone read or shared from their work and every single reading was amazing. two illustrators shared what they were working on, both writing and illustration. the retreat was limited to 13 attendees which kept it from being overwhelming.the retreat center brought in amazing food and we consumed wine brought by attendees. if anyone went hungry it was their own fault. so much food.  when we gathered at the big tables for lunch and dinner the conversation was stimulating.there's nothing like working alongside other accomplished  writers. the fireplace blazed, snowflakes swirled outside the windows  and fingers all around me tapped keys furiously. i completed three and a half chapters of my work and edited over 100 pages. will i attend another retreat? you bet i will!about this entry5 commentsleave a commentpermanent linknov. 11th, 2010 @ 12:24 pm nanowrmoi do it every year. i plan, i organize. i accomplish necessary tasks early and set aside time to make my pledge to nanowrmo successful. but something always gets in the way. grandbabies get sick and i need to babysit. my editor at the newspaper assigns extra features. my husband gets grumpy and i have to clean house. there's always something. now, only two chapters into my new book on november 12, i realize it has happened again.all that said, i still believe in nanowrmo.  it jump starts me into new projects. last year i was able to write seven chapters in the book i started for nanowrmo. by then i was so into the book i couldn't stop writing and that  book, a ya murder mystery about a girl on the road with her trucker mom has been one of the best pieces i've written. it's still not sold but i believe in it and i am happy to have written it. and when it is accepted, (i pray) i will shout from the rooftops, "this book sprang out of nanowrmo!"so, even if you don't think you can succeed, even if you know you can't complete a book in a month give it a shot. get started. get writing, and see where it takes you.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkoct. 22nd, 2010 @ 11:38 am finally homeafter a long hiatus, i am finally back to live journal. working several  jobs including  babysitting my grand-children full time and writing for the local paper on the side, along with book deadlines forced me to give up my time on live journal. now that i have stopped watching my adorable grand-babies i am back in the swing of things.  i hope everyone is doing great! most kept in touch via facebook!my latest books, "grandfather's secret" came out over the summer and is doing  well. it's a ghost mystery that takes place on kent island in the chesapeake bay. in december, "the true story of sea feather" will be out and i am gearing up to promote it big-time. this is a story that changed my life and changed how my family looked at things. the miraculous way things unfolded was proof to me that god is  watching over us all and that what happens is most certainly meant to be.if you have been on fb with me post your news to me,please. i hate having missed congrats and celebrations!about this entry3 commentsleave a commentpermanent linkoct. 6th, 2009 @ 04:54 pm julia duini have neglected to post in a long time because it takes enough of my time to keep up with facebook, buti feel compelled to post this link and i pray that all our wonderful scbwi members will post a reply commentand straighten this woman out!  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2009/oct/04/duin-childrens-books-lack-moral-lessons/my friend, shelley said, "if her writing is as bad as her attitude she'll never find a mainstream publisher."loisabout this entryleave a commentpermanent linkmay. 22nd, 2009 @ 05:13 pm have you everhave you ever rewritten a section so many times that you wonder if it is right back to the way it was at the start? i think i have reached that point and it is time to move on!tac - don't you ever give up writing!  you know who you are. fire burns in your words and after read the embers glow for hours after. don't ever stop.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkmay. 21st, 2009 @ 06:26 pm writer's retreat embers still glowingthe writer's retreat with linda oatman high and shelley sykes was the best thing i've done for me in a long time. not only did i write while we were there, but i've been plugging away ever since, having revised the two chapters written there and written another one, as well as a travel article on our trip which was dutifully submitted yesterday to tangodiva magazine (http://www.tangodiva.com/), an online magazine devoted to women travelers, my favorite kind!linda is so much fun and shelley is a natural comic, so i was amused the entire retreat. i've assigned myself the task of getting one together for us in the fall! yippeee!about this entry1 commentleave a commentpermanent linkmay. 21st, 2009 @ 06:13 pm booksigningon saturday i will be signing books at the carroll county historical society on main street in westminster, md from 2 to 4 p.m.  if you need a book or just want to say hello, pop by! the historical society has just moved into the newly renovated cockey's tavern building and their new shop is amazing, with lots of great gift ideas. i'd love to see them get lots of support on saturday. they have worked so hard!about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkrecent entries | archive | friends | profile | previous 10 | top





























