








home | stone wall initiative






















































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content









uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index



















stone wall initiative 


search this sitesearch in https://stonewall.uconn.edu/>search 











toggle navigation





menu

stone wall initiative

skip to content

homeabout swi

overview mission goals history contact

books

overview stone by stone

draft by draft

 exploring stone walls stone wall secrets stone wall bibliography

resources

overview the movie primer

purposes then and now history in ten steps frequently asked questions

 organizations and people building walls

getting stone wall construction that time-tarnished look



appreciation

overview ten walls events random gallery

conservation

overview threats rationale case histories stakeholders management

key components two traditions snowplow typology assessment of value typical process

 legalities

investigation

overview special places ecology and habitat local history pre-european contact mapping and gis

geographic variability stone wall provinces

location map bedrock type surface materials land history



 classification

what is a stone wall ? typology taxonomy

description of taxa hierarchy of taxa the stone domain

walls lines concentrations notable stone







education

overview on your own public programs

audiences venues

professional development school enrichment

 topics arrangements

 school programs

introduction sws teacher’s reference

introduction – sws teacher’s reference subject index – sws teacher’s reference annotations – sws teacher’s reference other – sws teacher’s reference

 elementary

sws curriculum

grades k-2 grades 3-5

 sws design team sws project reporting

 middle school

language arts math art

elements of art folk art still life art

 geography history science

 high school + adult



 

search this sitesearch in https://stonewall.uconn.edu/>search 






 














geochemistry:  rust stain on granite from overlying sulfide-rich slab.
archaeology:  shaker barn allegedly built by irish immigrants, harvard, ma.
history: colonial concord's old manse overlooking old north bridge.
art: railroad trestle somewhere in vemont has both quarried and junk stone.
ecology: pasture barway through simple wall, central vermont.



welcome to the stone wall initiative (swi)
the swi is an internet portal to the signature landform of rural new england. this resource is a public service provided free of charge by expert robert m. thorson as part of his scholarly engagement for the university of connecticut.  though hosted by the connecticut state museum of natural history, the swi is explicitly regional, with a focus on all of new england.  check back for new blog postings and updates.
contact the swi coordinator
email:  robert.thorson@uconn.edu



blog posts


bladed lace wall
december 30, 2024


make way for drylands!
december 30, 2024


petroleum walls and enormous boulders
january 8, 2024


smithsonian essay
november 15, 2023


bobcat habitat
october 20, 2023


stone wall science & management
may 10, 2023


“stone by stone” becomes audiobook
october 25, 2022


 


 












 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login


































