




welcome - koa pressroom

































































toggle navigation






welcome
press kit 

koa digital directory
koa history
bios


map of campgrounds
recent news 

press releases


 





        welcome    





welcome

welcome to kampgrounds of america’s press room.
kampgrounds of america (koa) is the world’s largest system of open-to-the-public campgrounds. there are more than 500 koa campgrounds. there are koa campgrounds in nearly every u.s. state and in the canadian provinces of british columbia, alberta, manitoba, ontario, quebec, new brunswick, nova scotia, prince edward island and newfoundland.
as the industry leader in outdoor hospitality, the koa family of campgrounds – koa journey®, koa holiday®, and koa resort® – offer sites and amenities designed for every type of camping experience.
koa is a franchising company, and each koa franchisee owns and operates their own campground while taking advantage of koa’s marketing and operational support.
feel free to take your time, look around and get a feel for what family camping at koa is all about. if you have questions or immediate needs, email the koa newsroom at newsroom@koa.net.
 
2024 camping & outdoor hospitality report

celebrating a decade of industry-leading research, the 2024 camping & outdoor hospitality report is a comprehensive series of reports diving into the changing landscape of camping and outdoor hospitality. over the past 10 years, active campers have increased by 68%, adding an additional 21.6 million households. with six out of 10 u.s. households identifying as campers and camping accounting for a third of all leisure trips, kampgrounds of america, inc.’s in-depth research examines the dramatic growth of outdoor hospitality and camping. to learn more, download the report here.
nine supplemental reports, providing in-depth analysis on topics including glamping, modernization, the camper profile, and more, will be released following the top level overview of the camping & outdoor hospitality report.
 
previous north american camping report editions:
the 2015 edition is available here.
the 2016 edition is available here.
the 2017 edition is available here.
the 2018 edition is available here.
the 2019 edition is available here.
the 2020 edition is available here.
the 2021 edition is available here.
the 2022 edition is available here.
the 2023 edition is available here.

special report: the growth of camping amid covid-19: may 2020 is available here.
special report: the growth of camping amid covid-19: fall 2020 update is available here.
 
 
2023 outdoor accessibility report

kampgrounds of america, inc’s first comprehensive research report focused on the state of camping and outdoor enjoyment, viewed through the lens of accessibility. inclusive of physical, cognitive and socio-economic factors, accessibility in the outdoors continues to be an industry-wide challenge that koa endeavors to unravel, starting with this impactful report.
around 1 billion individuals – approximately 15% of the global population – live with one or more disabling conditions. the report, outdoor accessibility: charting paths to inclusion, dives into incidence, behavior and barriers those with limitations impacting their camping experience face (38% of those surveyed). encouraged by findings that 48% of accessibility-challenged campers assert the activity is a more accessible travel experience than other outdoor activities or leisure travel, there is still much to be done to turn this knowledge into tangible progress to bring the outdoors to everyone.
 
 
 
other research
conducting independent, industry-leading for more than a decade, kampgrounds of america, inc. is pleased to provide access to a wealth of data on the north american camper. if you have a specific research need or request, please contact newsroom@koa.net.



 quick search











advanced search


search 






 connect with us



newsroom@koa.net
|





















media contact




koa newsroom
kampgrounds of america
newsroom@koa.net
for vendor-related questions:
please visit www.koasupplier.com
for camper issues:
email feedback@koa.net
for koa rewards questions:
call 888-562-0000












    		©2025 kampgrounds of america
website by zee creative



welcome
press releases
map of campgrounds
 







