


home - spring city cycling club


























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top









spring city cycling club





share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomeabout us about us benefits member signup photo albums contact us membership directory newsevents event & out-of-town rides eventsriding road riding rocket city cycle belles ram series racing mountain biking local bike shops ride with gpscommunity affairs litter patrol community affairs legislative contacts links community grant faq documents forums rocket city cycle belles incident reporting






welcome to the spring city cycling club


  
 the spring city cycling club (sccc) of huntsville, alabama was founded in 1892 (yes, over 131 years ago!) for the purpose of the promotion and development of bicycling for sport, fitness, recreation, transportation, and safety education. the club organizes a wide variety of bicycling activities suitable for all biking enthusiasts. there are  club sponsored rides every week throughout the year. the club participates and promotes bicycle advocacy for huntsville and the surrounding areas. the club includes an all-women division, the rocket city cycle belles (rccb), and organizes the annual
all-you-can-eat century in the fall.



 
 click for benefits
 
  become a memberthanks to all participants, volunteers and sponsors of the 
40th annual ayce held september 21, 2024



...and thanks to everyone who ordered extra all you can eat century jerseys.  jerseys should ship directly to you by mid-december.

     
did you know riding in the ayce helps build the north alabama cycling environment?

proceeds from ayce go to support the sccc community grant program. there have been several great programs identified, and it’s time for members to submit proposals for the 2024 sccc community grant. 

see guidelines and criteria at the community grant.

submit your proposal and make riding in the 2024 ayce even more meaningful. send your submissions via email to community affairs director by november 1, 2024.
looking for a group ride?  
 
check out the recurring club rides on the events page.
 members can also create rides for the events calendar. learn how-to here!
 
20th annual ride a metric (ram) training series

 
more information 
 
rides from may to september
guided group rides begin in may continuing weekly with increasing distances.
the goal is to ride a metric century (64 miles) by mid-september
in the sccc annual all you can eat (ayce) century!

more info on when and where to join us:
2024 ram schedulevolunteering at scccsccc citizens pick-up & pitch in
  
adopt-a-mile program
 




sccc contributes to the safety and cleanness of the roadways we bike by participating in the city of huntsville’s green team. in february 2000, sccc adopted the top mile of cecil ashburn. the city has recognize this effort with signs marking the adopted mile with sccc. our volunteers conduct four litter pick-up sessions each year, helping to keep cecil ashburn a safe road and beautiful view.


learn more about the adopt a mile project.
program coordinator marjorie holderer 
(256 684-97oo) mjholderer (at) icloud.com

visit sccc adopt a mile for dates and times of the next event.


sccc blazing the singing river trail bicycle routes
 
spring city cyclists are contributing to vision the singing river trail by building a network of road, trail, and mountain biking routes. 

click singing river trailblazers and see how.
the rocket city cycle belles are a division of spring city cycling club! it’s just $5 more when you join as individual or family sccc member type during signup or renewal process. if you are a household member, please contact rccb membership for admin-assisted member type change.


redstone arsenal riders know the rules

new and updated regulations have recently gone into effect on redstone arsenal. don't get stopped by the garrison police for doing the wrong thing or being in the wrong place at the the wrong time. click here for more information.quick links
huntsville bike shop map
huntsville weatherbe the ultimate ride leader - introduce your children to the joy of cycling

as parents, our goal is always to nurture our kids’ growth and development in the best ways possible. one fantastic way to do this is by getting them started in cycling. helping your child learn to ride their first bike is a significant and memorable event. sure, it can feel a little scary for us as parents, thinking about the bumps and tumbles along the way, but with some smart preparation, it’s a journey you can both enjoy. <more>
thank you 2024 sccc sponsors
rides and events calendar
recurring rides
volunteering

century & out of town rides
ride-a-metric series
ride with gps club account
singing river trailblazers









home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









