




download free games - 100% safe and secure free download games





















































download
free games
                




                        download games
                    



                        free online games
                    



                        categories
                    



                        search
                        












mobile games
pc games
adventure
arcade
board
cards
chess
hidden object
kids
match 3
pool
puzzle
racing
rpg
simulation
sports
war & strategy
word







search







download free games - providing free games for over a decade
play the best free games on your pc or mobile device. download or play free online!



mobile:
                                new
popular
rated

pc:
                                new
popular
rated




most recent free pc download games powered by




february 14




love letters: first bloom
unwind in a blooming word puzzle garden with endless unique puzzles and soothing soundscapes!



february 14




pixel art 76
effortless painting fun: follow numbers to create beautiful artwork with pixel art 76!



february 14




connected hearts: hour of the witch collector's edition
a cursed knight seeks redemption through the love of a brave princess in this mystical adventure!



february 13




shopping clutter 6: love is in the air
help the walker family get ready for valentine's day in shopping clutter 6: love is in the air



february 12




edge of reality: the legend of greenbush ce
can you break the curse of a submerged town to rescue your friend?



february 07




clearit 17
clear all balls through colorful levels with growing challenges and vibrant gameplay in clearit 17!



view all free pc games





advertisement



most recent free mobile games



july 18




playing kafka
welcome to playing kafka, an experience about alienation in modern society and unsolved family difficulties



july 18




cats are liquid
an exciting 2d adventure about a liquid cat and all of her friends!



july 18




ace force: joint combat
unleash the might of your plane's weaponry on hostile jets, lighting up the skies with flaming explosions!



july 17




the hunter
the hunter will but you into the boots of a hunter in pursuit of all sorts of elusive game!



july 17




moonshades
moonshades is a dungeon crawler rpg that recreates the immersive ambiance and experience of old-school role-playing games



july 17




super dangerous dungeons
run and leap through halls loaded with traps and puzzles!



view all mobile games





advertisement



most popular pc download games powered by








minecraft
let your imagination fly and build your own world in minecraft!







text twist
word game lovers and boggle fans will enjoy the educational fun found in text twist 2!







big fish casino
play online texas hold'em, blackjack, roulette and the slot machines for free!







pocket tanks
choose your weapons, aim your guns, and eliminate your enemy!







open yahtzee
test your luck and strategy in this classic dice game!







world of warships
slow and steady wins the day in world of warships







monopoly
the most popular board game ever created - cool animated graphics & customizable rules!







dig dug
here is the exact arcade version of dig dug!







rollercoaster tycoon 2
create your very own amusement parks with this excellent simulation!







pac-man
the official version of the classic arcade game!







bejeweled 2 deluxe
possibly the greatest puzzle game ever created!







king's quest 1
help sir graham find the 3 magic items to restore the land!



view all free pc games





advertisement



most popular free mobile games







soccer super star
play the brand-new soccer game soccer super star!.







fifa soccer
full on football action! rise to the top in fifa soccer







hill climb racing 2
show gravity who's boss in this thrilling off-road racer!







subway surfers
get on a hoverboard and ride atop the trains forever!







hill climb racing
drive up, down and as far as you can without flipping over.







8 ball pool
online requirements aside, 8 ball pool is a rather good time.







wwe: champions
dominate the ring with the wwe's greatest champions!







csr racing
customize your car and dominate the underground racing scene!







marvel battle lines
plunge into marvel battle lines. as super heroes & villains unite in this fast paced action card game







fortnite
engage up to 100 other players in a battle for survival.







cubis kingdoms
match the cubes, gather the elements, and save the kingdom!







candy crush friends saga
mix, match and crush candy with all your friends.



view all mobile games





highest user rated pc download games powered by








chicken invaders 3
enjoy the hilarious, fast paced shooter that will keep you entertained for hours!







gardenscapes
create a beautiful garden by selling odds and ends in an old mansion







cubis gold
a simple, highly charged arcade/puzzle game that is played in all three dimensions.







new star soccer 5
turn a rookie into an all star soccer player!







mahjong towers eternity
a mahjong game so complete and full of relaxing fun you may never have to worry about getting another mahjong game again!







planet horse
train up a champion steed!



view top 100 reviewed games || view all reviewed games





highest user rated free mobile games







soccer super star
play the brand-new soccer game soccer super star to experience a crazily realistic, lightning fast, and immersive game of soccer.







the tribez
help a primitive people grow into a mighty civilization!







draw something free
outwit, outguess and outdraw your opponent in a battle of artistry!







mobile legends: bang bang
join your friends in mobile legends: bang bang, a fresh new 5v5 moba battle, and compete against real gamers!







planet of heroes
a more casual moba







knights & dragons
train your knight, run your village, forge your armor, and slay dragons!



view top 100 reviewed games || view all reviewed games





browse games by category
main categories








adventure
                            story-driven games where you explore, find objects, & solve puzzles to progress!
                        










arcade
                            action oriented games that range from classic style arcade games to the latest and greatest!
                        










board
                            some of the best board games ever made for play on your computer!
                        












cards
                            a variety of different card game types from solitaire to poker!
                        










chess
                            computer versions of one of the world's most famous games. a great way to practice or compete!
                        










kids
                            family themes, fun for a wide age range of players, and good options to play with your kids.
                        












puzzle
                            games that range from relaxing fun to those that will stretch your mind! very popular game type.
                        










racing & driving
                            hit the track for top speed or drive on city streets and highways.
                        










rpg
                            explore huge worlds, advance your character, find great items, and experience great stories.
                        












simulation
                            games that mimic real life in some way from business to politics to human behavior!
                        










war & strategy
                            military themed games that range from action to strategy and everything in between!
                        










word
                            create words and use letters to solve puzzles and other challenges.
                        




sub categories








action
                            general category for side scrolling adventure, fighting, or other arcade games.
                        










action & shooter
                            reflex based games focused on fighting and combat
                        










animals
                            games that involve taking care of animals or animals as main characters.
                        












business simulation
                            games focused on improving a business financially through good decisions.
                        










educational
                            fun learning games for kids from preschool on up!
                        










hidden object
                            find a list of objects or clues hidden in a larger picture or scene.
                        












just for fun
                            just for fun games for kids (and kids at heart).
                        










match 3
                            move or launch objects on a grid to match 3 or more.  simple and popular.
                        










misc. puzzle
                            variety of creative and unique puzzle games that don't fit in other categories.
                        












people simulation
                            manage the lives of people in various situations and help them succeed!
                        










real time strategy
                            real time strategy games make you plan while the action is happening!
                        










shooters
                            games where the main goal is to shoot lots and lots of stuff!
                        












sports simulation
                            games that bring the fun of competitive and hobby sports to your computer!
                        










strategy
                            emphasizing strategy and thinking over fast reflexes
                        










task management
                            handle multiple tasks at once like customer service or pet care. fast paced.
                        












various simulation
                            games that simulate real life from driving vehicles to politics and much more.
                        








the dfg difference
download free games has been a trusted place to download games since 2002. our goal is to have one of the most unique selections of quality and fun free game downloads on the internet.
every game is free to try or totally free
our site is about all kinds of free games to download whether they be time limited shareware, level limited demos or freeware games with absolutely no restrictions at all. we want you to be able to experience high quality game play without having to pay before you play.
every game is legal
here at dfg, we don't propagate illegal downloads, warez, or pirated software. that's theft and we are strongly in favor of supporting individuals and companies that work hard and spend money to create games. we only present to you 100% legal games that are made available as free demos or made completely free by the owners of the games. you can rest assured that you aren't breaking any laws downloading any of the games from our site.
no adware, spyware, malware, or junk software included
the trend for many download sites these days is to include all sorts of extra software with a game download in order to make money. we don't believe in doing that. we believe if you make the choice to download a game, you are choosing to download that game and not a bunch of software you don't want. we work hard at this principle and have removed games in the past when we found out software owners decided to include additional software in these games you didn't ask for. we would rather have your trust than a few extra bucks to sneak in stuff you don't want.








































advertisement




download free games

about us
contact
privacy
terms of use
top 100 games
new games
all games
game reviews
online games site map
ultimate candy crush saga guide
bejeweled deluxe strategy guide



popular categories

popular free online games
new free online games
puzzle
solitaire
free pc games
war & strategy games
simulation games
racing games
kids games
arcade games
adventure games
hidden object games
match-3 games
jewel quest games



follow download free games

facebook
twitter
youtube
dfg blog

over 12 million people served every year!

#1 source for free games
no adware or spyware
safe & easy downloads
no pirated software, 100% legal games





© 2025 iwin inc. all rights reserved.






