






        generalcommunications.com oem solutions for military and government as well as private sector. electronics, software, hospitality, restaurants, hotels.
    















        clients
    


            home
        



          view our catalog
      



          my quotation
      









toggle navigation







                generalcommunications.com corporation
            






              energy
          



                software
            



                hotels
            



                b&b's
            



                restaurant pos
            


                military solutions
            



                medical
            



              our clients
          










              generalcommunications.com
          
          worldwide headquarters.
        

          phone: +1 (347) - 624-5693 | email:	sales@generalcommunications.com
        

          united states, ny., fl., ca. | milano italy - barcelona spain - lugano switzerland
        

              we provide oem electronics and software solutions for military and government, as well as for the hospitality industry.
          
our catalog














            reliable energy solutions
        

            we provide renewable energy solutions to users around the world. 
        

            we build reliable products tailored to your application needs, and suitable for your geographic area. our applications range from emergency power used for search and rescue, to traffic warning signals.
        



                government
            

                our traffic products are used by local governments both in the u.s. and abroad. our price and durability are second to none.
            



                military
            

                an important part of our catalog is devoted to mission-critical applications, including conflict zones and refugee camps. 
            















            built for you
        

            our applications are optimized to work in their specific environment. we're ready to build the product that will work best for you.
        

            using local factors, such as average sunshine hours, wind force, and precipitation in the installation area, so that we can build the best solution for your specific needs.
        









            backed by experience
        

            we have more than 30 years’ experience working with a list of clients that includes amtrak, the american red cross, chevron oil, and the u.s. navy.
        

              many of our items have been tested in the field for more than a decade, with no maintenance or replacements needed. 
          

















                        hotel management software
                    

                        our platform offers simple booking and extended services to help you capture more reservations and encourage repeat visits.
                    

                        manage your front desk operations, housekeeping, booking engine, guest services, and distribution channels through a single sign-on cloud interface that works from any desktop or mobile browser. drag and drop bookings directly in your calendar to book or reschedule rooms. there’s nothing to install or update.
                    
bellebnb.com bellebnb.com - myhotelpms.com myhotelpms.com
powered by 畳









              atavoli restaurants management and pos system
          

            a point-of-sale for restaurants, bars, cafes, bistros, diners, bakeries, food trucks, hotels, bed and breakfasts, resorts, night clubs.
          

                it's easy to get started with atavoli. our platform is built to get you up and running as quickly as possible, so you can spend your time growing your business. 
            



powered by 畳






















                    tatami software
                

                    tatamisoftware.com we make apps so that you don't have to.
                

                    we develop enterprise web applications leveraging the latest in microsoft's asp.net platform, including vue.js, typescript, ef core, apache 2.0, to build secure and robust solutions for your business needs. we can build your idea from scratch or add features to an existing project. we work fast to build reliable software to streamline your business. get in touch today for a free consultation..
                
powered by 畳








          request a quotation
      

          our catalog has over 1,000 items, all of which can be customized for your needs. 
      

          we encourage you to request a quotation. we can include a shipping estimate based on the estimated shipping dimensions using the carrier or your choice.

          select from our most popular categories to view our items, or search by item name or manufacturer below.
      



                  airport
              



                  trailers
              



                  hotels
              



                  lighting
              



                  hospital
              



                  marine
              



                  traffic
              



                  obstruction
              



                  energy solutions
              



                  signals
              



                  electronics
              



                  enclosures
              









                    search our catalog
                

                    enter your search terms below to find the items you need.
                





















            our client base
        

            below you will find a sample of our client base and agencies we work with.
        




































                  asian development bank
              

                  at&t
              

                  autostrade per i'italia
              

                  baghdad intl. airport, iraq
              

                  balad air base, iraq
              

                  baxter healthcare corp.
              

                  bnsf railway co
              

                  boroug of bristol. pa public works
              

                  bp oil
              

                  canadian coast guard
              

                  canadian navy
              

                  capitol reef national park
              

                  caterpillar inc.
              

                  chittenden bank
              

                  city of aspen
              

                  city of baltimore
              

                  county kanabec
              

                  county of stanislaus
              

                  defense contract management agency
              

                  dhl europe
              

                  duke energy
              

                  esso oil
              

                  el paso international airport
              

                  federal bureau of prisons
              

                  fcc
              

                  forlauderdale international airport
              

                  ge energy
              

                  govt of bermuda
              

                  grayson county school board
              

                  grainger sourcing
              

                  graybar electric
              

                  honeywell 
              

                  howard university
              

                  japan air force
              

                  jfk international airport
              

                  joint contracting command
              

                  malaysia marine dept.
              

                  nasa glenn research center
              

                  pennsylvania state parks
              

                  port of stockton
              

                  siemens 
              

                  umass amherst
              






generalcommunications.com affiliate


            full list of clients.
        








company info

              generalcommunications.com corp. is a registered  usa, florida corporation. 
              (federal tax id 16-80122500656)
              powered by 畳





shipping

                    we have shipping facilities in united states, ny., fl., ca. | milano italy - barcelona spain - lugano switzerland.
                






                contact us
            



                  sales email
              



                  phone +1 (347) 624-5693.
              









