nkf serving ohio | national kidney foundation skip to main content      clear all   sort by  recencyrelevancysearchmember loginrecursos en españoldonate nkf mega menu search results clear all   sort by  recencyrelevancy     member login     recursos en español  kidney health       kidney health kidney topics news & stories assess your kidney health diet & nutrition featured topics  chronic kidney disease (ckd)   estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr)   stages of chronic kidney disease (ckd)   tests to check your kidney health   understanding your lab values and other ckd health numbers  see all kidney topicsbrowse by category  diet and nutrition   diseases and conditions   prevention, daily life, and wellbeing   tests and procedures   treatments and therapies  image hot topics in kidney health podcasttune in for the latest research and perspectives on kidney health from nkf.   related news & stories new administration, new policies: what it means for kidney patientscelebrate love with a kidney-healthy valentine’s day dinnerhow nkf got here: the fight for better kidney disease carehow nkf got here: kidney care in the 1960’s  see all news & stories browse by type  prevention & awareness   patient education   patient stories   advocacy  see all news & stories image how nkf's digital marketing director became an altruistic kidney donorhear how nkf's very own marketing director, dan emerson, chose to give the gift of life to a stranger.  image nkf patient journeyanswer a few questions and we will provide you with information about your kidney health.image ckd basics courselearn about the basics of kidney disease, how it is measured, and what happens if you have kidney failure.image know your riskanswer a few simple questions to find out if you are one of the 33% of adults in the u.s. who is at risk for kidney disease.featured topics  nutrition and kidney disease, stages 1-5 (not on dialysis)   phosphorus and your diet   potassium in your ckd diet   ckd diet: how much protein is the right amount?   sodium and your ckd diet: how to spice up your cooking  see all diet & nutrition topics tools & resourcesimage recipe findernutrition is key to managing kidney disease and your overall healthimage find a dietitianlooking for guidance on a kidney-friendly diet? find a dietitian in your area. image nutritionyour home for resources on eating with kidney disease or to care for your overall kidney health.    treatment & support       treatment & support dialysis transplant clinical trials healthcare resources wellness community connection featured topics  dialysis   hemodialysis   home hemodialysis   peritoneal dialysis   depression and dialysis  see all dialysis topics related news & stories the complete guide to home hemodialysis: benefits, challenges, and tipshow to avoid dialysis with a preemptive kidney transplantkicking it in dialysis: sneakers as symbols of hope and healingdealing with dialysis: music and art therapy  see all news & stories  image do you need support?nkf peers is a program where kidney patients, living donors, or care partners can connect over the phone with a trained mentor. featured topics  kidney transplant   xenotransplantation   the kidney transplant waitlist   care after kidney transplant  see all transplant topics related news & stories how nkf got here: the fight for better kidney disease carehow nkf got here: kidney care in the 1960’strailblazers in kidney care: dr. samuel l. kountzhow to avoid dialysis with a preemptive kidney transplant  see all news & stories  image kidney transplantation resourcesconsidering a kidney transplant? we’ll help you get started. featured topics  clinical trials   are clinical trials safe?   finding out more about clinical trials   kidney disease clinical trial directory   who can participate in a clinical trial  see all clinical trial topics related news & stories basic science, clinical research, and kidney disease treatmentskidney disease clinical trials: are they right for you?important research findings presented during national kidney foundation’s annual spring clinical meetings 2019 national young investigators forum winners  see all news & stories image join the kidneycare studyadvance kidney research by sharing your experience living with kidney disease.image impact patient-centered researchkidney research connect matches you with research projects based on your connection to kidney disease. image insuranceinsurance doesn’t have to be overwhelming. learn about insurance options and choosing a plan that is right for you.  image coping and self-careimplementing coping strategies and practicing self-care are essential components in effectively managing illness and promoting overall health and well-being.  image vaccine informationas a dialysis patient or transplant recipient you may be wondering — are vaccines safe for me? do i need them?  image nutritionlearn about a kidney-friendly diet, so you can stay healthy with kidney disease whether you are at home or dining out.  image exerciseexercise is important for everyone, especially for people with kidney disease.  image sexual healthkidney disease can affect your sexuality in many ways — from hormones, nerves, energy levels, even medicine. image nkf caresoffering support for people affected by kidney disease, organ donation, or transplantation.image local and national eventsattend a national kidney foundation event close to you.image nkf peerswhere kidney patients are connected with trained mentors who have been there themselves.image become a patient advocateadd your voice to voices for kidney health.image online communitieswhere patients and caregivers can share experiences, ask questions, and get answers.image patient storiesread empowering stories from patients and their loved ones.   transplantation       transplantation receiving a kidney transplant donating a kidney featured topics  kidney transplant   the kidney transplant waitlist   getting a kidney transplant   getting a living donor kidney transplant   life with a kidney transplant  see all transplantation topicsimage find a transplant workshopjoin us at a live event near you to learn more with the big ask, the big give.image learn more about kidney transplantdive deep with videos and patient stories in the kidney learning center. image resources & get involvedget connected for support on your transplant journey. featured topics  becoming a living donor   making the decision to donate   living donor evaluation   financial and insurance issues   what to expect after donation  see all kidney donation topicsimage learn more about living donationdive deep with videos and donor stories in the kidney learning center.image ready to take the next step?get started with information on how to connect with a transplant center. image resources & get involvedget connected with others who have donated a kidney.    for professionals       for professionals professional membership continuing education research ckdintercept kidney disease outcomes quality initiative (kdoqi) apps & tools image become a memberlearn more about all the benefits a nkf membership can provide.image fellowship of the national kidney foundationfnkf recognizes professionals for service to nkf.image member loginwe are multidisciplinary. we are clinicians and researchers. we are advocates.image nsw-cthe first national credentialed classification for nephrology social work.image access to nkf journalsnkf's journals feature the latest research in clinical nephology.image nkf professional councilsrepresentative bodies of nkf's professional membership.image professional education resource centercme/ce courses designed for professionals committed to improving patient outcomes.image life as a nephrology professional podcastexploring innovation and research in nephrology.image spring clinical meetingsnkf’s premiere educational event for the interprofessional kidney health team.image kidney commute podcastproviding connection through education and serving as an innovative opportunity to fulfill ce requirements. fundingimage grantsaccess information on available grants and open applications.image nkf innovation fundlearn about our game changing impact investment initiative. latest researchimage research spotlightsee how researchers are making strides in the fight against kidney disease.image nkf’s family of journalsnkf's journals feature the latest research in clinical nephrology. image find patient participants for your researchfind resources to connect you with patients and data for your research. what is ckdintercept? what is ckdintercept?a groundbreaking initiative from the national kidney foundation to improve chronic kidney disease (ckd) testing, recognition, and management in primary care.image learn more about ckdinterceptonly 10% of people living with ckd are aware that they have ckd.image ckdintercept national overviewnkf and partners will develop local road maps to drive a cultural shift in primary care.image ckd change packagea systematic approach to transform ckd care, advance health equity, and improve health care quality.what is kdoqi? what is kdoqi?kdoqi (kidney disease outcomes quality initiative) is world renowned for improving the diagnosis and treatment of kidney disease, these guidelines have changed the practices of healthcare professionals and improved thousands of lives.tools & resources  guidelines and commentaries   guideline development process   patient centered quality measures  learn more about kdoqiimage vascular access guidelines and implementation toolscomprehensive slide decks created by interdisciplinary experts.image kdoqi appdownload now to access guidelines and commentaries at your fingertips.featured printable tools  ckd heat map   kidney disease stages   nephrotic syndrome   phosphorus for dialysis patients   ckd change package  see all clinician toolsimage egfr calculatoruse our gfr calculators to estimate gfr for adults or children.image h2overload: fluid control for heart-kidney healthdesigned for people who need to limit their fluid intake.image kdoqi appdownload now to access guidelines and commentaries at your fingertips.image vascular access guidelines and implementation toolscomprehensive slide decks created by interdisciplinary experts.   get involved       get involved   advocate   give   become a partner   attend   volunteer   fundraise   participate in research   more ways to get involved    about nkf       about nkf   diversity, equity, inclusion   press room   kidney equity for all   careers   nkf leadership   contact us   local offices   kidney disease: fact sheet     breadcrumb home nkf offices nkf serving ohio nkf serving ohio  back to top    donation of household itemsif you would like to schedule a pickup of small household items, please contact national kidney services at 614-351-2900 or visit their website nkspickup.com northern ohio office:po box 40544 | bay village, oh 44140phone: 440.465.0245facebook | twitter | instagram central ohio office:1491 polaris pkway; box 268 | columbus, oh 43240phone: 614.882.6184facebook | twitter | instagram cincinnati office:9674 colerain ave #297 | cincinnati, oh 45251phone: 513.961.8105facebook | twitter | instagramall ohio save the date - kidney & transplant symposiummarch 7th-8th, 2025join the national kidney foundation on march 7th and 8th, for a two-day kidney and transplant symposium. the kidney & transplant symposium has been bringing renal professionals together for over ten years, equipping them with solid tools needed to deliver premium care for kidney patients of all ages. earn over 8 cme credits and network with kidney professionals from across the state of ohio.if you have any questions, please contact hayley fournier.   register here   view conference agenda here pediatric the big ask: the big give, first steps to transplantif you were unable to join us for our recent babg pediatric hybrid program, please see this video. in this program, pediatric patients and families will learn about how to connect with a transplant center, the different types of transplants, and what to expect during the evaluation process and hear personal stories from kidney patients who have received a kidney transplant.northern ohio drive for dialysisthere are more than 100,000 new patients diagnosed with end-stage renal disease in the u.s. each year. for many of these individuals facing kidney failure, dialysis is a lifeline. the nkf serving northern ohio's board of advisors will gather together on february 6th to assemble care packages for dialysis patients in the greater cleveland area – support their efforts by making a donation towards this program! contact maddi burch for details.  donate here  northern ohio's patient symposiumapril 22nd-24th, 2025 (virtual) & april 27th, 2025 (in person)mark your calendars for the nkf serving northern ohio's patient symposium. virtual: april 22nd-24th, 2025 & in-person: april 27th, 2025 in independence, ohio. don't miss out on the nkf's annual program designed to engage, empower, and educate patients and their families on the world of kidney health! contact leah adams for more details. registration link coming soon! save the date - cleveland kidney walksunday, june 8th, 2025registration begins soon for the annual cleveland kidney walk! check back for details in 2025.central ohio  drive for dialysisthere are more than 100,000 new patients diagnosed with end-stage renal disease in the u.s. each year. for many of these individuals facing kidney failure, dialysis is a lifeline. the nkf serving central ohio's board of advisors will gather together on march 25th to assemble care packages for dialysis patients in the greater columbus area – support their efforts by making a donation towards this program! contact megan haggerty with questions!  donate here  gift of life galathursday, may 29th, 2025join community partners, healthcare professionals, corporate leaders, and young professionals for columbus’s gift of life gala. enjoy an elegant evening filled with music, networking, and recognizing key participants in the central ohio kidney community. questions? want to sponsor this event? contact megan haggerty.registration link to come! save the date - central ohio kidney walksunday, september 28th 2025thank you for supporting our 2024 central ohio kidney walk. with your help, we raised $72,000 for kidney patients in the central ohio area.mark your calendars for our 2025 central ohio kidney walk on september 28th through downtown columbus.have questions or want to get involved? contact megan haggerty.   register here cincinnati  kidney health peer support grouptuesday, january 28thjoin us for our kidney health support group!are you or someone you love affected by kidney disease? you’re not alone! the national kidney foundation serving cincinnati invites you to connect with others who understand your journey.🗓date: january 28th🕒time: 6:00pm📍location: 2802 short vine st, cincinnati, ohtogether, we’ll share experiences, provide support, and learn about managing kidney health from our expert speakers. this is a safe space to ask questions, find resources, and connect with a caring community.your health matters! let’s empower each other and thrive together.   register here  renal roundtablethursday, january 30th, 2025medical professionals in cincinnati, don’t miss nkf serving cincinnati’s upcoming renal roundtable on january 30th! this engaging program will focus on anca-associated vasculitis, exploring strategies for achieving and sustaining remission in severe active cases of gpa and mpa.join us for this vital discussion and advance your understanding of managing anca-associated vasculitis. register today!location: 7875 montgomery rd., cincinnati, oh 45236time: 5:15pm - 8:00pm est  register here  dining with the starswednesday, march 12, 2025join cincinnati's community leaders, healthcare providers, c-suite executives and young professionals in an unforgettable experience to fight kidney disease! indulge in signature small plated dishes, custom cocktails, and the famous tito's handmade vodka ring toss, while mingling with local celebrities!rhinegeist breweryvip 5:30pmmain event 6:30pmwednesday, march 12th, 2025award honoreeskidney community championsrick & amy schwabnkf's healthcare herosharad goel, mdkidney & hypertension centerticket pricing$100 general admissionfor questions or sponsorship information, contact perry hall.  purchase tickets here  cincinnati kidney walksaturday, may 18th, 2025join us for our annual kidney walk to help raise awareness and funds to fight kidney disease. your participation and support make a difference in the lives of millions affected by kidney disease. mark your calendars and register today!for more information or sponsorship opportunities, reach out to perry hall.  register and start fundraising here additional supportnkf caresour patient information help line, nkf cares, offers support for people affected by kidney disease, organ donation or transplantation. it's designed just for patients, family members and care partners. speak with a trained specialist who will answer your questions and listen to your concernscall toll–free 1.855.nkf.cares  (1.855.653.2273)  or email nkfcares@kidney.orglearn morekidney-friendly recipesare you looking for new kidney-friendly recipes? regardless of which ckd stage you are in, there is a recipe for you to enjoy! start your cooking journey now!learn morenkf peersnkf peers is a peer mentoring program, where kidney patients are connected via phone with trained mentors who have been there themselves. peer mentors can share their experiences with dialysis, transplant, or living kidney donation with you.  call toll-free 1.855.nkf.peers (855.653.7337) or email nkfpeers@kidney.orglearn more kidney pathwaystake control of your kidney health. answer a few questions and we will provide you with information about your kidney health.learn morea to z health guidealphabetical list of additional kidney topics and support.learn moreohio organ donor registrydid you know that more than 106,000 americans and 3,000 ohioans are currently on the national waiting list for a life-saving organ transplant?  there are currently over 90,000 people in the us waiting for a kidney. to learn more about registering to be an organ donor or even a living donor, visit the donate life ohio link below.learn more ways to supportdonateto send a physical check to one of the ohio offices, please use one of the addresses below:northern ohio - po box 40555 | bay village, oh 44140central ohio - 1491 polaris pkway; box 268 | columbus, oh 43240cincinnati - 9674 colerain ave #297 | cincinnati, oh 45251if you would prefer to make an online donation, please visit the link below.donate todayadvocateare you interested in becoming an advocate? nkf is the largest, most comprehensive longstanding patient organization dedicated to the awareness, prevention and treatment of kidney disease in the u.s. if interested in using your voice to help advocate for kidney patients or donors, please visit the link below.use your voicedonate your cardo you have a car sitting in your driveway looking for a new home? look no further, we have the solution for you!call 800.488.cars (800.488.227) or select your location to start our online form.fast, free pickup - 24-hour pickup. all on your schedule.save on taxes - we handle your car. you get a tax receipt.kidney carsthrift storedo you have clothes, small furniture or household items that you'd like to donate to a good cause? kidney services can pick them up, and proceeds will go to the national kidney foundation. to schedule a pickup, find out what items are accepted or request a receipt for a previously picked up items, please visit the link below.national kidney services local officep.o. box 40544bay village, oh 44140united statesemail: anna.tzinis@kidney.orgphone: 440.241.6780google maplocal staff & boardupcoming eventsdining with the starsmar 12, 2025 05:30 pm contact: perry hallrhinegeist brewery1901 elm st.
cincinnati, ohio 45202register now     quick links about us careers contact us national partners our store press room  recursos en español connect with usget emails from nkf  first name*    last name*    email*   - primary connection to kidney disease -i am at risk for kidney diseasei am a kidney patienti am a family/friend of a kidney patienti am a healthcare professionali am a care partner of a kidney patienti am a living kidney donori am considering becoming a living kidney donori have lost someone to kidney diseasei am a family member/friend of a deceased organ donorother - type of connection to kidney disease -i have ckd stage 1 or 2i have ckd stage 3i have ckd stage 4 or 5 and not on dialysisi am unsure what stage of kidney disease i am ina family member/friend is at risk for kidney diseasei am on dialysisi am a transplant recipienta family member/friend has ckd 1 or 2a family member/friend has ckd 3a family member/friend has ckd 4 or 5 and is not on dialysisa family member/friend is on dialysisa family member/friend is a transplant recipienta family member/friend is a living donori have kidney cancera family member/friend has kidney canceri have kidney stonesa family member/friend has kidney stonesa family member/friend is a deceased patient - cause of ckd -acute kidney injuryage-relatedalport syndromeapol1-mediated kidney diseaseblood pressure/hypertensionc3g (complement 3 glomerulopathy)cause was not foundcongenitalcontract induced nephropathydiabetes & high blood pressure/hypertensiondiabetes type 1diabetes type 2fabry diseasefsgs (focal segmental glomerulosclerosis)glomerulonephritisgoodpasture's syndromehiv/aidsiga nephropathykidney cancerkidney stoneslithiumlupus nephritismembranoproliferative glomerulonephritismembranous nephropathyminimal change diseasensaidspolycystic kidney diseaseprimary distal renal tubular acidosisurinary tract infectionsi'm not sureother - transplant type -deceased donorliving donor - living donor type -directednon directed - dialysis type -hemodialysishome hemodialysisnocturnal hemodialysisperitoneali do not know what type of dialysis - professional category -clinical nurse specialistcommunity health workerdietitianfellownursenurse practitionerpharmacistphysicianphysician assistantresidentscientistsocial workerstudenttechnicianother - subspecialty -behavioral/mental healthcardiologyckdcommunity healthdermatologydiabetes educatordialysisemergency medicineendocrinologyfamily medicinegastroenterologygeriatricshome dialysisinfectious diseaseinternal medicineliving donationliving donor advocatenephrologynutritionob/gynoncologypediatricspre-esrdprimary careradiologyresearchrheumatologytransplanttransplant coordinatortransplant surgeonurologyvascular accessvascular access surgeonother  leave this field blank  give to nkfcontribute to our mission with a general, memorial, or honor donation.donateneed help? call nkf cares855.nkf.cares (855.653.2273)m–f 9:00am – 7:00pm30 east 33rd street, new york, ny 10016© 2025 national kidney foundation, inc.sub footer menu legal & copyright privacy policy state fundraising notices footer social media links twitter facebook instagram linkedin  tik tok youtube 