



drexel consulting services, llc — point-of-sale touch screen software for restaurants
















drexel consulting services, llcpoint-of-sale touch screen software for restaurants consulting services, llc  
1010 west chester pike suite 301   havertown, pa 19083
  phone: 610-924-9290
  fax: 610-924-9293

home
about us
mission statement
directions
technical documents

pos on-line manual


testimonials

postestimonials
supporttestimonial
programming testimonials


contact us
ftp access
february 18, 2025consulting services

vb.net programming
custom pick programming
web and gui enabling legacy applications
fax, email, & custom printing solutions
custom odbc sql interface and crystal reports
website design
system integration
hardware sales
remote phone support
hardware/software support
windows based networking


restaurant point of sale

fast food
fine dining
pocketpc server pos
online order entry
view online order demo
pos on-line manual
log in to posadmin


multivalue (pick) database

reseller support services
d3 database
jbase database
mv.net web connectivity


credit card processing

overview
reseller program


latest news





restaurant point of salewe are proud to announce that drexel consulting services is the touch application for maryland division of cluck u chicken fast food. this visual basic application uses a pick flavor database to process orders, dispatch drivers, and to do general accounting.

posxpress touch screen application … [read more...] 

 





 
 






about our company philosophysince the mid 1980's, drexel consulting services, llc has quickly risen to become an industry leader in innovation and quality. drexel was created to bring together experience and innovation. our quality oriented work ethic and our attention to detail have made us a leader in our field. of course, creating excellent products and services is our highest objective. but at drexel, we believe that there are many more ingredients to quality. product excellence is where we begin.

drew conboy, president 

we specialize in custom programmingwe specialize in windows based products, enhancements to existing multivalue based applications, and customized solution based programming.

let us help you in:

raining data d3 pick database conversion and/or upgrade
jbase installation, conversion and support
custom .net applications
networking
vb custom applications
vpn internet connections
web applications

there are many other types of core services and products that we, … [read more...] 

latest news 





featured consulting serviceswebsite designwhatever web presence you wish to have;  a simple information page about your company, to full blown e commerce, an anywhere in between;  let our diverse team at drexel management help.  

we specialize in building sites, that integrate with your multivalued database.

	full e commerce … [read more...]fax, email, & custom printing solutionsdo you feel behind the 8 ball, with the print jobs coming from your multivalued application?  are you still printing out forms & then scanning or faxing them?   are you still printing on continues multi-part forms?   let us help you generate  formatted print jobs, that can tie directly to email … [read more...] 

featured consulting servicescustom odbc sql interface and crystal reportsodbc - open database connectivity.
by selectively opening up your multivalued database, to odbc, you enable your data to be accessed by other odbc compliant software.   allow our staff to review with you, your data & your requirements.  we can then set up some odbc … [read more...]web and gui enabling legacy applicationsare you looking to add a gui front end to your existing multivalue application; or maybe a web portal for your customers or employees?  let our experienced team at drexel management help you.

our staff of senior analysts and programmers have experience on a wide … [read more...] 

more news 


return to top of page · copyright © 2010   return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 ·  genesis framework · wordpress · log in








