








home - transitional living centers




































skip to content










about 

our history and experience
awards, recognition and community
culture


services 

our services
riverside habilitation center
value of group home placements


resources 

resources for individuals & families
tlc staff resources


news & events
careers
contact




 







home











 
transitional living centertransitional living centersthe transitional living centers mission is to provide an environment that allows people with disabilities to live as independently as possible with as much or as little assistance as necessary. the success of tlc is dependent on the success of the people living here.
learn more 







tlc services
our goal is to provide the best environment for people with disabilities to live independent lives with as much assistance as they need.
learn more




join the tlc team
at transitional living centers, we foster an environment that’s ideal for courageous, compassionate workers who value teamwork.
learn more



 family owned and operated 
over 50 years of quality
the ahca/ncal national quality award program is a progressive, three-step process that encourages the continuous learning, development, and execution of integrated quality systems to achieve performance excellence. each progressive step requires a more detailed and comprehensive demonstration of quality integration and performance. the criteria for each step is based on the baldrige performance excellence program. 










news & events
announcing the launch of our new websitetransitional living centers is proud to unveil a new website. the goal with our newly designed site is to create a better browsing experience, making it easier for individuals and families to find the information they need. our hope is that in creating this website individuals and families will be able to conveniently access information…read more




contact us
for more information or for assistance, contact transitional living centers.
contact tlc












about us


transitional living centers is a family owned and operated business that started in 1964. today, tlc lovingly cares for individuals while they live independently and get the level of support they need.
we are honored to do so, and look forward to providing the highest quality care, love, and support to all of our clients for generations to come.
facebook

	contact


	main office
	6721 grafton road
	valley city, oh 44280


330-273-5494
info@tlcdd.org 


	quick links


about
services
careers
blog
contact






copyright transitional living centers 2025 - all rights reserved




back to top















