
















home page - pihra: professionals in human resources association












































































 





 






















sign in
join














    


menupihra newspihra blogsubscribe to our newsletter – stay informed with pihra hr weekly.benefitwelcome new members – explore the many benefits of joining pihra.pihra workplace – take advantage of member exclusive hr resources.pihra marketplace – locate hr service providers organized by category.manage member profile – access and update your pihra profile!want to learn more?about pihra – learn more about who we are and what we do!pihra board of directors – meet the leaders of pihra.pihra team – meet the pihra operations team.sponsorship central – learn how to put your best foot forward to reach the hr community.pihra partner network – elevate your hr strategies with our trusted partnerspihra w9attendevents calendar – see all our upcoming events in one place.hr webinars – view our upcoming virtual learning topics.hr certification prep courses – professional hr distinction starts with certification. register to prepare for your upcoming certification exam!celu24 – on demand availablefindnorthern region pihra antelope valleypihra santa claritapihra ventura countyvalley region pihra burbank/glendalepihra pasadenapihra woodland hillswestern region pihra long beachpihra south baypihra west los angelescentral regionpihra gateway citiespihra inland valleypihra los angeleseastern regionpihra coachella valleypihra riversidepihra temecula valleysouthern regionpihra north ocpihra south ocpihra north county san diegostudent chapterspihra california lutheran universitypihra cal poly pomonapihra cal state los angelespihra claremont graduate universitypihra csu dominguez hillspihra csu fullertonpihra csu long beachpihra uclapihra csu northridgepihra loyola marymount universitypihra uc irvinepihra uscspecialty groupspihra foundationpihra emerging leaderspihra government advocacy teamvolunteervolunteer with pihra – contribute to the pihra community!existing chapter positions – discover where you fit in.pihra board positions – learn how to join our board.become a speaker – we want to hear from you!speaker criteria & faq – how we choose our content.volunteer onboarding videos – exclusive series of videosgrowpihra career center – level up in your career. post your resume on the career center and be discovered by top recruiters.hr certification – did you know earning an hr credential can impact your compensation? read more.online learning & webinars – earn credits and enjoy flexible hr learning from your desk.train employees at no cost! – keep your team sharp and hr ready.joinmembership options – find the pihra membership that’s right for you!annual membership dues – learn about our rates.pihra membership policy – don’t miss the fine print!membership benefits – explore the many benefits for hr professionals!frequently asked questions – got questions? we have answers!renewals – renew your pihra membership and save!








stay connected with pihra




don’t miss out on the latest events, networking opportunities, and professional development sessions. stay connected with your local chapter to make the most of your pihra membership. learn more. >> 











see thebenefits⇣ 

experience ourevents⇣ 

find ourchapters⇣ 

volunteer withpihra⇣ 

grow yourcareer⇣ 

ready?join today⇣ 














wildfire resources for employers 
stay informed about wildfire assistance. 

→ learn more.


view the pihra calendar
attend an event hosted by pihra chapters. 

→ find your event!



empower your hr team
strengthen your workforce with pihra’s tailored solutions

→ learn more



pihra workplace
access our hr hotline & online tools.

→ sign in or sign up!


view the pihra calendar
attend an event hosted by pihra chapters. 

→ learn more!



get noticed by top employers!
visit the pihra career center!

→ upload your resume


hr certification prep courses
boost your career with an hr certification 

→ sign up today













 
















explore
the benefits of pihra!




the success of your career, the strength of your network, and the brightness of your professional future are our top priorities. discover how the benefits of a pihra membership can get you there.
→ start exploring



















attend
fun & informative events




connection and exchange are the heart of our community. come meet with other hr professionals at our networking and professional development hr events held all across southern california.
→ see our events calendar























find
a pihra chapter near you




not sure where to start? the first step in a successful pihra experience is connecting with one of our 18 chapters and specialty groups.
→ find your chapter today!


















volunteer
with pihra




volunteering your time and expertise is the best way to give back and hone your leadership skills. learn more about all the ways you can contribute to pihra.
→ get involved






















grow
your career with pihra




career success is not a destination, but a continuing journey. pihra gives you access to the tools, resources, experiences and experts that will keep you at the top of your professional game.
→ grow with pihra










join our pihra hr weekly: our newsletter
the fastest way to stay on top of news for human resource professionals.

→ subscribe today!






about




about pihra!
membership
pihra chapters
event calendar
website guide
sitemap






contact us



                    +1(424) 329-0200
                    18080 crenshaw blvd. #7909
                    torrance, ca 90504-9998
                




follow us

















 
























 





