


















nti technologies commercial access control & security













































































call us at214-352-5000about us
our white-glove service
our services
audio / visual conferencingbusiness phone systems
cloud hosted phone systemspremise phone systems
security / access controlstructured cabling
blog
access controlhybrid workphone systemsstructured cabling
contact usindustries
dentaleducationgovernmenthospitalitylegal servicesother







business phone systems in dallas





about us
our white-glove service
our services
audio / visual conferencingbusiness phone systems
cloud hosted phone systemspremise phone systems
security / access controlstructured cabling
blog
access controlhybrid workphone systemsstructured cabling
contact usindustries
dentaleducationgovernmenthospitalitylegal servicesother







 


























leading provider of business 
							solutions 
							nti technologies 
							communication and technology 
							serving the dallas-fort worth metroplex since 1987 
							


 


experience  outstanding clarity, 
							collaboration and connectivity 
							nti technologies 
							state-of-the-art, high-quality communications technology services. 
							


 


commercial access control and  
							security solutions 
							brivo and eagle eye networks partner 
							maximize security with the most comprehensive and innovative 
							controls that restrict, control, monitor and record access. 
							
great broadband 
							
 


& audio / visual solutions 
							nti technologies 
							hybrid conference room 
							
great broadband 
							
 














dallas / fort worth texas access control systems and business technolgy solutionsbusiness phone systemsaccess control and security solutionsstructured cablingaudio visual conferencingmore about servicesbusiness technology partner for smb, enterprise and government clientsas the leader in access control, security camera systems, commercial telephones and office technology of central texas, we work hand-in-hand with you to understand your business needs and implement the right solution that fits you, your team and your clients. nti experts customize the best-matched systems from small to large enterprises in every industry and budget.
with local technicians and support staff, we are ready to support your business needs 24/7.
nti has been the trusted provider of business technology needs in dallas fort worth since 1987


11,000+
customers





1,000+
projects





35+
years in business


our customers


nti technologies5.0based on 168 reviewsreview us onmeredith kendall13:56 13 oct 22our company has had nti for a number of years, but we added new staff to our team and needed to update our systems. multiple people on our team read through all the phone manuals multiple times and searched online to find what we were looking for, but we should have just called nti directly. because on the first ring first thing in the morning, we reached jennifer j. at nti and within 30 minutes, our entire phone system was updated because of the simple instructions she was able to send to us so quickly! we love them and so appreciated their helpfulness, ease of instruction and care!nancy campbell15:55 06 oct 22nti always does a great job from the first call to the completion of service!  i highly recommend! nancy campbell/the campbell agencylaurie kinser16:17 26 sep 22good morning terry,first, i want to thank you for hiring such an amazing people. jennifer assisted me with some issues about two weeks ago. i was at my wits end trying to figure out why our phones were not working, and jennifer came to my rescue. she was so helpful and kind right from the jump. she went above and beyond making phones calls to figure out what was happening and returned my call promptly to assure me that she was working on the issue. she also was able to schedule a tech for the very next day, talk about staying on top of it!! she followed up once we were back online and operational! it’s so nice to have someone you can depend on. jennifer made my day so much better just by being her. kindness and eagerness to help your customers goes a very long way! just thought you should know that you have a keeper! thanks again for hiring such great people. hope you are having a nice day!kim fleming13:14 24 may 22we have worked with national telesystems for several years. during our recent move, they provided us with great service, recognized and accommodated us when work became urgent and met our needs all the through the process.  working with this team was a pleasure and i would highly recommend national telesystems for your telephone and cabling needs.justin bauer20:51 09 nov 21enjoy working with both the project and support teams for our numerous systems.michael topa16:47 14 sep 21excellent partnership where the coo walked the project in advance to assure they would meet our schedule.  great planning and execution by the onsite team.  flexible, customer centric and responsive to identified problems.  i highly recommend them.max steadham20:56 03 mar 21expert staff and very capable of taking care of any telephone needglen hyden16:20 07 oct 20my company replaced a 10+ year-old phone system with a new one through national telesystems inc and the whole process was awesome from the point-of-sale, project management, installation and add-on services. the actual switchover was seamless from the old to the new systems with absolutely no interruption to our workflow and it was a hassle-free process that made me breathe easier as the accountable manager of the project and for the entire company. i enthusiatically recommend national telesystems inc.lauren sauri bruns16:01 29 jul 20if you're looking for a seamless phone upgrade for your business, look no further. we have worked with national telesystems for years simply because their knowledge and customer service is unmatched. they installed a new system for us yesterday in the middle of business hours and our down time was maybe 5 minutes. with changes to our business due to covid, they easily accommodated the need for a work-from-home phone that can transfer to in-office phones, an app that can be used from your cell and easily changeable settings for the ever-changing office set up. they're the best!meredith kendall13:56 13 oct 22our company has had nti for a number of years, but we added new staff to our team and needed to update our systems. multiple people on our team read through all the phone manuals multiple times and searched online to find what we were looking for, but we should have just called nti directly. because on the first ring first thing in the morning, we reached jennifer j. at nti and within 30 minutes, our entire phone system was updated because of the simple instructions she was able to send to us so quickly! we love them and so appreciated their helpfulness, ease of instruction and care!nancy campbell15:55 06 oct 22nti always does a great job from the first call to the completion of service!  i highly recommend! nancy campbell/the campbell agencylaurie kinser16:17 26 sep 22good morning terry,first, i want to thank you for hiring such an amazing people. jennifer assisted me with some issues about two weeks ago. i was at my wits end trying to figure out why our phones were not working, and jennifer came to my rescue. she was so helpful and kind right from the jump. she went above and beyond making phones calls to figure out what was happening and returned my call promptly to assure me that she was working on the issue. she also was able to schedule a tech for the very next day, talk about staying on top of it!! she followed up once we were back online and operational! it’s so nice to have someone you can depend on. jennifer made my day so much better just by being her. kindness and eagerness to help your customers goes a very long way! just thought you should know that you have a keeper! thanks again for hiring such great people. hope you are having a nice day!kim fleming13:14 24 may 22we have worked with national telesystems for several years. during our recent move, they provided us with great service, recognized and accommodated us when work became urgent and met our needs all the through the process.  working with this team was a pleasure and i would highly recommend national telesystems for your telephone and cabling needs.justin bauer20:51 09 nov 21enjoy working with both the project and support teams for our numerous systems.michael topa16:47 14 sep 21excellent partnership where the coo walked the project in advance to assure they would meet our schedule.  great planning and execution by the onsite team.  flexible, customer centric and responsive to identified problems.  i highly recommend them.max steadham20:56 03 mar 21expert staff and very capable of taking care of any telephone needglen hyden16:20 07 oct 20my company replaced a 10+ year-old phone system with a new one through national telesystems inc and the whole process was awesome from the point-of-sale, project management, installation and add-on services. the actual switchover was seamless from the old to the new systems with absolutely no interruption to our workflow and it was a hassle-free process that made me breathe easier as the accountable manager of the project and for the entire company. i enthusiatically recommend national telesystems inc.lauren sauri bruns16:01 29 jul 20if you're looking for a seamless phone upgrade for your business, look no further. we have worked with national telesystems for years simply because their knowledge and customer service is unmatched. they installed a new system for us yesterday in the middle of business hours and our down time was maybe 5 minutes. with changes to our business due to covid, they easily accommodated the need for a work-from-home phone that can transfer to in-office phones, an app that can be used from your cell and easily changeable settings for the ever-changing office set up. they're the best!


thank you for your interest in nti. our experts are standing by!be in communication within an hourcontact us todayall your business security and communication needs in dallas / fort worth


welcome to nti technologies, the texan premier installer for state-of-the-art business technology. with over three decades of expertise, we understand the pulse of business communication and the importance of a reliable security system for businesses of all size and design.











the evolution of business telephone service
from traditional desk phone systems to modern voip solutions, the landscape of business telephone service has radically transformed. at nti, we’ve been at the forefront of this evolution, partnering with top voip service providers to ensure dallas businesses stay connected with unparalleled clarity and efficiency.
features of our business telephone systems

unified communications: a seamless integration of calls, video meetings, and messaging, ensuring that your business stays connected in this digital age.
voip phone systems: our state-of-the-art voip phone system, backed by leading voip service providers, leverages the power of your internet connection, bringing global communication to your fingertips. whether you’re a small business looking for a dedicated business phone number or a large enterprise seeking comprehensive solutions, our offerings are tailored to your unique needs.
advanced call features: with features like call forwarding, call recording, and conference calls, every phone call becomes an opportunity for growth.
desk phones & mobile integration: the traditional desk phone meets modern innovation. stay connected, whether you’re in the office or on the move.






enhancing business productivity with nti
effective communication is an advantage and a necessity in a rapidly evolving corporate landscape. nti recognizes this and offers cutting-edge business telephone systems tailored to meet modern demands, including our flagship business phone system. our solutions are designed to elevate productivity, facilitating crystal-clear phone calls, seamless video meetings, and collaborative sessions. from providing the finest business telephone system options to delivering advanced voip services, we’ve covered every aspect of your communication needs.





custom solutions tailored for dallas businesses
every business has its unique identity and communication requirements. therefore, at nti, we don’t just offer products; we offer communication solutions. whether you’re in need of a comprehensive business telephone service or a more specialized voip solution, our dedicated team is equipped to assist. our approach involves a deep understanding of your specific business needs and objectives, enabling us to create tailor-made solutions that meet and exceed your expectations. this personalized approach ensures that our solutions align perfectly with your business strategies, driving tangible results and enhancing overall efficiency.











embark on your communication revolution with nti
in the realm of business, effective communication is the linchpin of success. with nti’s cutting-edge business phone systems, you’re investing in a future of growth, connectivity, and success. reach out today, and let’s embark on unparalleled communication.





ready to elevate your business communications?
dive into the world of nti and discover various solutions, from the traditional desk phone systems to the latest in voip technology. please schedule a consultation with our experts, and let’s craft a communication strategy that propels your business forward.


be in communication within an hourcontact us todayfaqs: navigating business phone systems with ntiwhat makes nti's business phone systems stand out in dallas?our business phone systems are tailored to meet the unique needs of dallas businesses. we ensure seamless business communications with advanced features like voip phone systems, unified communications, and reliable internet connection protocols. our solutions are designed for small and large businesses, ensuring every company gets the best business phone system suited to their requirements.
how does nti's voip phone system enhance business communication?nti’s voip phone system leverages internet protocol technology, allowing businesses to make phone calls online. this ensures clearer phone calls, easy integration with existing internet connections, and the ability to stay connected, whether using a traditional desk phone or mobile app. with the rise of voip technology, businesses can enjoy cost-efficient, global communication solutions.
can nti's phone systems support the needs of a growing business?absolutely! our phone systems are scalable, ensuring they grow with your business. we’ve covered you, from unified communications integrating calls, video meetings, and messaging on a single platform to advanced call features like call forwarding and recording. plus, with our commitment to technology and understanding of business needs, we ensure that all your business communications are handled with expertise.
how does nti ensure the reliability of its business phone service?reliability is at the core of our services. we utilize advanced internet protocols, ensuring a stable and clear connection for all phone calls. our service contracts are designed to offer uninterrupted service, and our team is always on standby to address any concerns. whether it’s ensuring the smooth operation of desk phones, managing voip services, or providing solutions for businesses, nti prioritizes consistent and reliable communication.




 




  dallas / fort worth texas' leading business communication and technology partner since 1987.
quick linksabout
our services
blog
contact us
industries



sales
972-402-0459
 sales@ntitechnologies.com





service
214-352-5000
 service@ntitechnologies.com


 copyright 2025, nti | privacy policy | private security company license number: b12749201.





 




































