








 






home - kate rollins web design & online marketing, santa fe, nm | salida, co








































































home
services
portfolio
about
seo
reviews
schedule
contact


888.242.1773










 




design & marketing services





branding
your brand is your promise to your customer. an effective branding strategy gives you a major edge over your competitors. the foundation of your brand is your logo. your website, packaging and promotional materials communicate your brand. we will help you define your brand and successfully communicate it to your customers.






website design/development
your website is your vital marketing tool and needs to be professional! with 20 years of experience in designing and building websites, in both html/php and wordpress, kate covers all aspects for your successful web presence: your website design, perfect functionality, ease of navigation, successful marketing, high security, and maintenance. 






search engine optimization
while your website is often the first impression of your brand and makes it visible 24/7, social media and search engine marketing boosts its visibility and your credibility. it converts prospects into customers.  what you do best is run your own business. what we do best is promote your business to the world in its most favorable light. 











 




do you need an outstanding online presence? 

we serve local businesses and organizations in new mexico and now the arkansas valley in colorado. our clients are individuals, companies or orgs of all sizes, but we are budget-conscious and flexible and we work to best fit your needs. 
we create and attend to every website and marketing campaign as if it is our most important project. and it truly is!
we will help you achieve your goals and we will stay with you for as long as you need us.

contact us to schedule a free 15-min. consultation!






 




about & customer reviews


 
based in santa fe, nm, kate has been building professional websites since 2000. with a ba in journalism/mass communication and an ma in liberal arts/western classics, she stands out with her ability to effectively communicate ideas and design concepts to clients, to quickly grasp their needs, and provide expert guidance. her designs are creative, elegant, and well functional. her social media marketing skills involve intuitive creativity, careful research, proper wit, and steadfast timeliness. kate works well with small-business budgets, as well as with large-company projects. kate works with a small team of exceptional, dedicated professionals. with kate, both your website and your online marketing are fully covered. kate highly values long-term client relationships.

 
 
 



 

“the compound website has never looked better!!”
– mark kiffin, the compound, compoundrestaurant.com
“kate is lovely to work with! she is kind, professional, fast, responsive and on top of all of that she does beautiful work. thank you for your much needed help with my website.”
– sarah baker, children’s adventure company, santafechildrensadventure.org
“kate is an amazing professional and a pleasure to work with. she not only transformed our website, but was a great resource for all of the other plug-ins and services that i didn’t know we needed!”
– renesan institute for lifelong learning, renesan.org
more reviews >>



 

photo by daniel quat, danielquatphotos.com
 









 




ready to stand out from your competition?

see our work & contact us








 




©2020, kate rollins web design, llc | photos of vancouver, bc & santa fe, nm by kate rollins | 888.242.1773






































