

web hosting solutions - free web hosting services and free websites















reliable, free web hosting

1-800-396-1999



compare web hosting packages | 
  contact us

member login 
    
























 free web hosting* 




                as low as $0.00 /mo.
                
                
                want a website but don't want to pay for hosting? then this is the right hosting package for you.
                

ads on your site
50 mb disk space

                *with purchase of a domain, prices start at $22.95 
              





learn more | compare packages










 starter hosting 




                as low as $5.95 /mo.
                
                
                perfect for sharing photos, having a family website or promoting your business.
                

no ads on your site
1 gb disk space
ftp for fast, easy file upload







learn more | compare packages










 personal hosting 




                as low as $9.95 /mo.
                
                
                best hosting value with space to grow. provides the most functionality and flexibility for your needs.
                

no ads on your site
5 gb disk space
cgi access: perl, php, mysql, ftp
wordpress 2 blog







learn more | compare packages

















 free web hosting from freeservers.com
you've got a great idea for a website -- about your favorite band, to help
		 organize your upcoming family reunion, or even for your business. but creating 
		 a great website is only the first step. to get your site up on the web so the 
		 world can see it, you need web hosting. that's where freeservers.com comes in.
freeservers offers the finest free webspace, website hosting and professional
		 web hosting services available.  with 10 years of hosting experience and more than 4 
		 million websites, freeservers is one of the leading web 
		 hosting companies in the industry.
		 our hosting platform is solid and stable, providing reliable web hosting to our subscribers. we've integrated innovative features into our platform to offer the web hosting solutions you need. freeservers' years of experience in web hosting gives us the expertise to ensure that your web pages work quickly and consistently.


freeservers' shared hosting services provide quality service to literally
		 millions of private and business websites of all types and sizes. we're certain to 
		 offer a web hosting package that's just right for you. compare our web hosting 
		 packages to find the perfect blend of service, features and price. once you've chosen the web hosting package that's right for you, visit our easy-to-use web hosting information guide to learn the tips and tricks of creating your own website.
		
don't know much about html? take advantage of freeservers' easy-to-use website
		 building tool that's perfect for the internet newbie -- a feature that's available 
		 even with our free web hosting service. once you move up to our paid web hosting 
		 solutions, your website can feature technology such as php, mysql and ftp access. 
		 we'll even register or transfer your domain name for you. why pay extra fees to a 
		 domain name registrar when freeservers can do it all for you? is the web jargon in the last few sentences making your head spin? don't worry, a quick visit to  web hosting information will give you the explanations and definitions you're looking for.
		
you put a lot of time and energy into your website. make sure it counts by
		 choosing a web hosting provider that knows the business. with freeservers, you have the choice of free web page or paid web hosting packages so you receive the services and price that are right for you and the goals of your website. no matter which hosting package you choose, you will benefit from freeservers' exceptional service and reliability. freeservers offers the 
		  web hosting services you need to make your personal or business websites the very 
		 best they can be.










about uol web services 
      | about united online 
      | acceptable use guidelines
      | privacy statement
      | terms of service
      | billing policy
    
      
      

    
      | sitemap
      | contact us





 united online
 netzero

 juno

 mysite


freeservers is a united online company
copyright © 2025 united online web services, inc. all rights reserved.










