






brian m. wiprud - author, fly fisherman and drinksologist









follow brian on twitter
			
@brianwiprud and follow 
			linsenbigler on 










home



about brian



linsenbigler
					novels & books


					previous
					
novels



fly fishing



cocktails



links



contact





















welcome 
			to the official web site of author brian m. wiprud. cruise 
			through these pages to discover information on brian's novels, 
			linsenbigler's adventures and helpful guides, upcoming signings, hobbies and special offers 
and so much more! visit us again and 
			again, as the site will be updated to keep you informed on upcoming 
			books, articles, reviews and more! 









new from brian 
		wiprud!

linsenbigler & the sentients
"mr. & mrs." linsenbigler's global fishing expedition 
		hits a snag in alaska - that's where gina has been been summoned by nato 
		to help monitor tests of autonomous ai weapons. it seems something else 
		is monitoring the tests, and it may not be from planet earth. get set 
		for a trip across the south pacific as boone increasingly becomes a 
		person of interest' to every spy agency imaginable as the man with the 
		key to a next-generation technology. but what government will get their 
		hands on him first.







purchase
							
 
online!






















click the play icon to see the 
		wonder of linsenbigler's world!
find out more about the novels of brian wiprud!






linsenbigler & the sentients

mr. & mrs." linsenbigler's global fishing expedition hits a snag in alaska - 
that's where gina has been been summoned by nato to help monitor tests of 
autonomous ai weapons. it seems something else is monitoring the tests, and it 
may not be from planet earth. get set for a trip across the south pacific as 
boone increasingly becomes a person of interest' to every spy agency imaginable 
as the man with the key to a next-generation technology. but what government 
will get their hands on him first.


click here to read more.







the planner

having meticulously planned and successfully executed large jewel thefts in 
antwerp, mumbai and perth, master criminal christo carefully assembles a crew of 
new york ex-cons for a new heist.  reassigned to international relations 
due to his indiscretions, nypd’s detective finn is dispatched to assist interpol 
investigator daniella vella as she tracks down christo. 


click here to read more.







damn the torpedoes

damn the torpedoes finds boone linsenbigler fetted across the breadth of 
australian as part of a publicity stunt featuring clues to a lost treasure. as 
the public fever for the four million dollars peaks, so does the dismay of 
international intelligence agencies about the source of his clues - riddles that 
are part of a nefarious russian plot.


click here to read more.






linsenbigler the argonaut

ever intrepid, boone linsenbigler is enlisted to rescue his sister crockett from 
a russian extortion plot hatched in canada and in full flight across the 
mediterranean aboard the swedish royal yacht - a journey bewitched by the wiles 
of olympus. this is novel # 5 in the linsenbigler series.


click here to read more.






linsenbigler angler's companion

hot on the heels of his controversial cocktail companion, boone linsenbigler 
wastes no time in providing the angling public with his novel and no-nonsense 
approach to fly fishing. encompassing experiences across multiple continents, 
his perspective is broad, encompassing and oddly comprehensive, where crappie 
bass hold sway over tuna, and where cheating is sometimes on tap.

click here to read more.






linsenbigler cocktail companion

american cocktail luminary boone linsenbigler steps forth from his novels to 
deliver a guide for the novice home bartender, a practical compendium on what to 
buy and how to get started. but just as importantly, boone dispels many 
misconceptions and conceits of making cocktails, putting his own twist (as it 
were) on what's important in cocktailing and what's not.

click here to read more.






linsenbigler & the lost city

while fishing the wilds of the amazon rainforest, indomitable pitchman boone 
linsenbigler is kidnapped by feral tribesmen and led on a journey to the ends of 
the earth – while rio de janeiro’s cocktails & charming bartender luana beckon.

click here to read more.







hail linsenbigler!

dashing liquor pitchman boone linsenbigler decides to elude his fame and lose 
himself in russia - only to find himself ensnared in a geopolitical flimflam. 
hot on the heels of the first novel linsenbigler, our indomitable angler & 
cocktailer blunders and bluffs past one obstacle after the other in an exodus 
across the far east.

click here to read more.






linsenbigler the bear

dashing liquor pitchman boone linsenbigler decides to elude his fame and lose 
himself in russia - only to find himself ensnared in a geopolitical flimflam. 
hot on the heels of the first novel linsenbigler, our indomitable angler & 
cocktailer blunders and bluffs past one obstacle after the other in an exodus 
across the far east.

click here to read more.






linsenbigler
featured review, kirkus reviews magazinea novel 
that propels a reluctant liquor 
		pitchman into a maelstrom of perilous situations populated by drug 
		enforcement administration agents, mexican cartel kingpins, guatemalan 
		military honchos, and random beautiful women. 

click here to read more.





the clause 
starred review, library journal
botya 2012, honorable mention, thriller & suspense

jewel thieving partners gill underwood and trudy elwell have been set 
up, and trudy has paid with her life. working for cubans and abiding by their 
code of conduct means underwood is left on his own, holding $150 million worth 
of hot sparks. 


click here to read more.





ringer
rt book reviews top pick 
choice awards nominee, best contemporary mystery

charged with recovering a sacred relic for his la paz diocese, morty martinez 
(of feelers fame) hunts down a gold ring on the finger of new york city 
billionaire robert tyson grant.


click here to read more.





buy back 
starred review, kirkustom davin 
is a brooklyn insurance investigator in a jam. his girlfriend split and stuck 
him with four cats and a debt to a ruthless loan shark. he arranges an art theft 
to cover the debt - only somebody swipes the paintings from his crew. 


click here to read more.





feelers 
starred review, publisher’s weeklymorty 
martinez is a “feeler”; he empties homes in brooklyn for resale and hopes to 
find stashes of cash left by deceased occupants who didn’t trust banks. he also 
lives in hope that a big find will allow him to assume “his birthright,” a 
hacienda in baja california befitting his conquistador ancestry. 


click here to read more.





tailedeverybody's favorite taxidermy dealer garth 
carson is back and caught up in ritualistic serial killings of big game hunters 
- by their own trophies! 
angie, otto and nicholas are along for a bumpy ride that takes them through 
america's heartland, a journey punctuated by the importance of cheese curds.


click here to read more.





crooked 
2007 barry award - best paperback original
2007 shamus award - best paperback originalnicholas palihnic is 
taxidermy collector garth carson’s black-sheep brother, a natty, tweed-suited 
hustler who knows every nook and cranny of new york—and a thousand ways to a 
break a girl’s heart. 


click here to read more.





sleep with the fishes 
starred review, publisher’s weeklyafter a prison stretch and early release, 
prominent mob turncoat sydney bifulco retires to a cabin on the delaware river 
to fulfill his dream of the quiet, rural life where he can pursue his newfound 
passion for fly fishing. he soon finds it's a lot more difficult than it looks 
in the magazines, especially with forces from his past trying either to whack 
him or woo him. 


click here to read more.






stuffed 
seattle times bestseller
independent booksellers bestsellerleaping fishes. prowling bobcats. mute moose heads....these are the things that 
fill garth carson’s life, as he buys, sells and rents exotic taxidermy from his 
funky new york city storefront. but now, garth and his gal angie have acquired 
the most dangerous stuffed critter in the world: a certain white crow in a bell 
jar that angie practically swoons over—and that other people are dying to get 
their hands on.


click here to read more.





pipsqueak 
winner of the lefty award for most humorous 
mystery crime novel
japanese and russian editions
barry award nomineea new york taxidermy/collectibles dealer and 
his gal angie are at odds with a swing-band conspiracy to undo the information 
age. it all centers on the murder of a biker, a mysterious brawny red head and a 
stolen tv squirrel puppet named pipsqueak. 


click here to read more.




			 










website copyright 2023 brian m. wiprud.  website by dovetail studio.




