






b2x online | wireless internet service provider





































540-389-7924


b2xmail
 












home
news/updates
services
about
tech support

technical support
router setup


contact us

get in touch
careers


sign up!
 





select page


  
 



 



 










get connected with affordable, high speed wireless internet

welcome to b2x online. broadband 2 the max! imagine if you could have ultra high speed right to your home or office.

sign up today










professional installation
our team can install broadband internet service in your home or business.








home & office high speed internet
get ultra high speed internet in your home or office at a fraction of competitor prices.








internet where it wasn't possible
we go where other service providers can’t. no more excuses for not having internet.










b2x online service area

b2x provides high speed wireless broadband internet service to many areas located throughout southwest and central virginia. our major service areas include roanoke county, franklin county, bedford county, campbell county and appomattox county.  our service also extends to the many cities and towns that are located in and around these counties.
b2x also provide service to areas in neighboring counties, cities and towns that are located around our major service area. if your home or business is located in or around one of our service areas please give us a call to find out if b2x can provide you with reliable and affordable high speed internet service.








meeting your needs
surf the web, download music, play games and stream your favorite movies and shows with fast in-home internet service. b2x online utilizes the latest equipment to provide you with the speeds needed for today’s technology. whether you are looking for residential or business services, we offer several service plans to ensure you have the internet that you need.










locally owned
b2x online is a local, family owned corporation that takes pride in providing a quality service to customers. our employees are committed to the company motto “help people”, our ownership leads by example with the importance of our customers and employees.

constantly growing
we are adding new sites constantly meeting the demand of today and tomorrow. we maintain our own network infrastructure with a series of 24/7 monitoring systems that alert us about any change in the b2x networks performance or interruption to any clients service in real time.

our mission
our goal is to provide fast, reliable internet service to cities and rural areas that do not have other internet options. as we are a local company, we are able to provide personal customer service and tech support to our customers.


our goal is to provide fast, reliable internet service to cities and rural areas that do not have other internet options. as we are a local company, we are able to provide personal customer service and tech support to our customers.








satisfied customers




transmitters




counties served




local company



 

















sign up or call today!
1-540-389-7924 | 1-434-363-4382





high-speed internet is at your fingertips with b2x online.










sign up today!

30 mill ln, salem, va 24153

© 2025 b2x online, inc. | all rights reserved.

review our current aup.



 

















