








university bank - ann arbor - community bank
























































































































 



  window.datalayer = window.datalayer || [];
  function gtag(){datalayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new date());

  gtag('config', 'g-5hx7pn49w1');






skip to content



online banking updates open an accountonline banking loginonline banking loginmain menupersonalpersonal deposit productsconsumer lendingbusinesswealth managementreverse mortgagewarehouseservicescommunityaboutuniversity bancorpcontactmenupersonalpersonal deposit productsconsumer lendingbusinesswealth managementreverse mortgagewarehouseservicescommunityaboutuniversity bancorpcontact
 





ub home2025-02-14t20:19:57+00:00 
coming soonyour credit score
& more.anytime. anywhere.learn morenow available in washtenaw county, mineighborly housing grant – up to $10,000!powered by university bank in collaboration with university lending group
learn morenew & exciting at university bankypsilanti banking centernow open!see hours & location >
top work places
2024 winner!awarded by detroit free press
best of washtenaw winner
4 years in a row!awarded by current magazine
ready to get started?open an account onlineopen an account today >
discover the diverse portfolio of services that university bank & our subsidiaries have to offerpersonal bankingbusiness bankinghome equity loanwealth managementhome financingfaith-based financinginsurancewarehouse lendingreverse mortgagemortgage servicingpersonal banking

university bank is dedicated to providing the best personal banking services in washtenaw county. our products include checking and various savings account options. the university bank team is committed to simplifying your financial needs and helping you achieve your goals.
learn more
business banking
university bank offers small business lending (sba), deposit accounts, and commercial lending services tailored to empower local businesses and drive growth. experience the best in banking services designed to meet your financial needs.
learn morehome equity loan

university bank offers consumer lending solutions, including home equity loans and bridge loans, to support your unique financial needs. experience our consumer lending services, all with the support of a trusted community bank.
learn more
wealth management

helping customers and our local community can build, grow, and transfer wealth with purpose. together, we’ll explore your values, set clear goals, and create a roadmap to your ideal future. 
learn more
home financing

whether you are looking to purchase, refinance, buy, or build, university lending group (ulg) has you covered. every mortgage is unique, if you are a first-time home buyer, need to examine down payment options, or just want someone to take a look at your rate, one of our experienced loan officers is ready to connect with you.
for qualified washtenaw county residents, university bank in collaboration with university lending group offers a new neighborly housing grant that provides up to $10,000 towards your down payment.
learn more
faith-based financing

uif is dedicated to providing tailored solutions for your faith-based financing needs. whether you are seeking financing options for your home, commercial real estate, vehicles, or deposit accounts (offered through university bank), uif has you covered. trust uif to deliver reliable and customized financing solutions to support your financial goals.
learn more
insurance

with over 30 years of experience, ann arbor insurance centre serves clients in southeast michigan by providing quality service, comprehensive insurance products, and competitive pricing. as an independent insurance agency, we offer the best products from multiple insurance firms, saving our clients time and money. from homeowners and auto insurance to life, health, business, and farm insurance coverage, we are committed to meeting all your insurance needs. experience peace of mind with ann arbor insurance centre as your trusted insurance partner.
learn more
warehouse lending

discover the nationwide purchase & sale facilities now offered by university bank warehouse, a division of university bank. benefit from our enhanced program features, competitive pricing, and fees, backed by a team with diverse mortgage banking and warehouse experience. explore how we can help you gain a competitive advantage in today’s mortgage market.
learn more
reverse mortgage

specializing in reverse mortgages, our team of experts is dedicated to helping seniors convert their home equity into cash for a range of important purposes. whether it’s funding retirement, covering medical bills, financing travel and healthcare, making home repairs, generating extra income, or pursuing other worthwhile goals, the university bank reverse mortgage division is here to guide you every step of the way. discover how we can help you leverage the equity in your home and secure a brighter financial future.
learn more
mortgage servicing
with over 30 years of experience, midwest loan services specializes in providing expert loan servicing to ensure a seamless and hassle-free experience for borrowers. our dedicated team is committed to managing your loan with the same level of care and attention as your in-house team would.
learn morebanking on-the-go: seamlessly manage your finances with our online banking and mobile app
take control of your finances with our robust online banking platform and feature-rich mobile app
access your accounts 24/7 from anywhere, giving you the freedom to bank on-the-gotransfer funds, pay bills, and monitor transactions with ease and conveniencestay informed with real-time notifications, ensuring you never miss an important updateenjoy enhanced security features to safeguard your financial information on all devicesexperience the convenience of managing your finances seamlessly between our online banking platform and mobile applatest news2024-12-13t15:28:03+00:00university bancorp, inc. issues $15 mm of senior unsecured notes2024-12-13t15:28:03+00:00october 16th, 2024|company news, press releases|2024-08-28t14:02:24+00:00university bancorp 2q2024 net income $3,039,641 $0.59 per share2024-08-28t14:02:24+00:00august 19th, 2024|company news, press releases|2024-08-19t19:09:35+00:00university bancorp acquires hyrex servicing, llc for $5.5 million2024-08-19t19:09:35+00:00august 1st, 2024|company news, press releases|more news and announcementsabout university bankuniversity bank is an fdic insured, locally owned and locally managed community bank primarily serving the cities of ann arbor and ypsilanti of washtenaw county, michigan. the community banking operation focuses on local businesses, local residents, and non-profit organizations. other community banking specialties include highly competitive deposit products, residential and commercial real estate mortgage lending and business loans. insurance is also available to our customers through our wholly owned subsidiary ann arbor insurance centre.




 
 






fraud prevention | license & registration information | privacy notice & cpra privacy notice | consumer online privacy policy | terms of use | diversity policy | member fdic
©2024 university bank® nmls #715685 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org); "university bank" is a registered trademark of university bank. university bank is not affiliated with any federal government agency.
 


facebookxlinkedininstagramemail
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



this website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. we also share information about your use of our site with our analytics partners.
					

			accept cookies		

			reject cookies		




























































































 


go to top




