





dumpster diver/entrepreneur




















			skip to content		








dumpster diver/entrepreneur 





 


 










dumpster diver/entrepreneur 










toggle navigation

 

 













				toggle navigation					






 


 












how to find the right painting contractorby kennedyfebruary 10, 2020painting contractors often come to mind when you’re about finishing your brand new building or even when you’re remodeling an old one. painting is among the advancements, carried out on a home to enhance the normal appearance of the construction. nevertheless, the painting goes beyond appearance as it’s a selection of other advantages. several of these advantages include affordable remodeling, health reasons (promotes quality and nourishing indoor air), defense of the walls from water and adding more importance to the home of yours. it’s, therefore, essential to search for the proper contractor. to be able to search for the proper painting contractor, the following are several elements to search out for.

it’s essential to appear out for a painting contractor with a bit of experience. it’s desirable to you employ a painting contractor which has been in the company for a minimum of two years. he will have got knowledge and experience more within those two years. in addition, an incorrect painting contractor will find it challenging staying afloat for two years since the bad reputation of his is likely to make it hard for the contractor to have the company for that long. you are able to also ask for to see several of the painting work they’ve performed in the past to find the quality as well as state of such buildings prior to hiring them.
 
one more thing you need to look out for is actually whether he’s some license issued by the express. you ought to also see whether he’s workers’ general liability and compensation insurance insurance. the best painting contractor must have every necessary insurance and licenses. these’re for the protection of theirs and also the protection of the employee of theirs.
 
you are able to ask the painting contractor to offer references. the references must be in a position to vouch for these people on the quality of function they offer. they need to also be ready to stand in for these people in case the need arises.
 
you need to consult with the painting contractor you plan to employ to find out exactly how knowledgeable they’re. the best painting contractor must be in a position to make suggestions on the kind of substances which will be ideal for you. they need to have sufficient information about the newest strategies and products. according to the experience of theirs, they need to have the ability to tell you what finish &amp;amp; style sort will be ideal for your building.
 
the contractor must be in a position to provide you a lot of guarantee or maybe guarantee on the work of theirs. you ought to also insist they place some guarantee in writing to ensure that it is able to function as a physical evidence in case the need arises.
 
the best painting contractor must be affordable. the prices of theirs shouldn’t be way too costly. while you shouldn’t compromise quality for price, you can choose the contractor that has achieved … 





why you should hire a proby kennedyfebruary 10, 2020why should you hire a professional house painter rather than do it yourself or hire some local kids? there are a number of reasons why hiring a professional is the better option, not least of which is because your home may contain lead paint if it was built before 1978. though the cost of hiring a professional may seem a bit prohibitive, there are definite benefits to getting a licensed, bonded and insured painting pro to bring your house back to a state of glory.
 
first and foremost is that time is money and your time is probably better spent doing something else. professional painters make their living off home interior painting and there is more to properly painting your house than just slapping on a fresh coat of paint. properly painting your home involves lots of prep work. everything from scrubbing down surfaces to filling in holes and doing repair work. getting a house ready to paint is at least one weekend and depending on how much prep work you need to do could take even longer. professionals know how to quickly and efficiently make necessary repairs and get to the painting.
 
secondly, unless you want to spend a lot of money on tools, the look of a job done by a professional compared to the look of a job done by yourself is definitely going to be different. plus, a professional will know how to apply a coat of paint protectively, making sure that the raw materials of your house are protected from the elements. plus, because they’ve done all the prep work the right way, you know their paint job is going to last. a professional can help you pick the right colors for your home as well, helping you to match trim areas to your over-all color so that your house looks beautiful.
 
have you ever had a bunch of people over to help you do housework and someone was hurt? or maybe a bunch of children over for a birthday party and had one get injured? you may not know it but if they didn’t sue you, you were lucky. professionals, however, if you make sure they are insured, take on the risk of painting your house without putting you in danger of having to foot the bill if they fall. plus, if one of their employees causes damage to your house they are the ones that will have to fix it. if you are working on painting your trim and slip off a ladder before crashing into a window, you’ll have to pay for all of that plus your hospital bills yourself!
 
lastly, because professional painters have made house painting their career, they can dedicate the time to making sure that your house is detailed perfectly and they don’t have the stress of trying to get done quickly so they can do the job in a weekend. painting your house is their job and it’s one that they have learned … 





action painting company:: combing instructions ::by kennedyfebruary 10, 2020combed walls provide a relaxing, natural backdrop for today’s casual lifestyles. i have used this technique to create a crisp linen look in a seaside beach-house, and to create a comfortable denim feel to a cheery bathroom. this woven look is created by dragging a special combing tool first vertically then horizontally through wet glaze. base color benjamin moore paint #2108-60glaze colors

(a) benjamin moore paint #hc-151how-to instructions prep 1: before base coating, make sure your surface is in good condition. patch holes and cracks with spackling paste, and wash any dirt from surface using a mild soap. mask all windows, baseboards, and moldings using 2″ painter’s tape. evenly apply paint with roller. base coat should always be a satin or semi-gloss latex finish. two coats may be necessary depending on coverage. let dry 24 hours. prep 2: before you faux, prepare your glaze/paint mixture(s). a 5:1 ratio (5 parts faux like pro glaze to 1 part paint) is highly recommended. this ratio will allow you time to work the finish and prevent it from drying too fast. step 1: evenly apply glaze a with a 4″ latex brush, using consistent horizontal strokes. start at the top of the wall and work from left to right, corner to corner, covering the top third of the wall. step 2: while the glaze is still wet, brush over the same area with a dry, bristle block brush to even out the glaze. step 3: using steady pressure, drag your large comb through the wet glaze the entire length of the wall. wipe off comb after each pass. perfectly straight lines are not necessary; irregularities create an appealing textural quality. leave a two-inch strip of wet glaze untouched at the bottom of each section. continue steps 1-3 until entire wall is covered with horizontal combing lines. let dry 24 hours. step 4: evenly apply another layer of glaze a over the original comb finish with a 4″ latex brush using consistent vertical strokes. start at the top of the wall and work your way down to the bottom, covering the first third of the wall.

step 5: while the glaze is still wet, brush over the same area with a dry, bristle softener brush to even out the glaze. step 6: use your large comb to drag vertically through the wet glaze. hold the comb with two hands as you move down the wall from top to bottom. a good grip and steady pressure will allow you to create straight lines. repeat steps 4-6 until the entire wall is covered. tip 1 if your comb slides out of alignment you can redo the pass by brushing over the mistake with the tinted glaze. tip 2 as you drag the comb down the wall glaze will build up between the comb and will gather at the end of each pass, especially in corners. you can use a small brush to clean up any messy areas. tip 3 keep up a speedy rhythm as you … 





color wash instructionsby kennedyfebruary 10, 2020color wash this free-form finish is known for its subtle variations of color and natural, soft glow. supremely versatile, it can be adapted to any living environment – from modern to traditional. it imparts a peaceful, tranquil feeling that adds to the comfort of any room of your home. base color benjamin moore paint #70glaze colors (a) benjamin moore paint #2165-40 (b) benjamin moore paint #ac-9how-to instructions prep 1: before base coating, make sure your surface is in good condition. patch holes and cracks with spackling paste, and wash any dirt from surface using a mild soap. mask all windows, baseboards, and moldings using 2” painter’s tape. evenly apply paint with roller. base coat should always be a satin or semi-gloss latex finish. two coats may be necessary depending on coverage. let dry 24 hours. prep 2:

before you faux, prepare your glaze/paint mixture(s). a 5:1 ratio (5 parts faux like a pro glaze to 1 part paint) is highly recommended. this ratio will allow you time to work the finish and prevent it from drying too fast. step 1: colorwash is a wet-on-wet technique in which transparent strokes of color blend together seamlessly. dip tip of 4″ latex brush into glaze a, then apply with long criss-cross strokes, swinging your arm freely from the shoulder. place strokes randomly, leaving portions of the base coat showing through. work in 3 sq. ft. areas until each wall is complete. do not stop in the middle of the wall.step 2:work over the same area, brushing on glaze b as in step 1, filling in the blank spots, but still leaving hints of the base coat showing through. step 3: while the glaze is still wet, pass over it with a clean, dry, bristle block brush, using powerful sweeping strokes to melt the two colors together. work your surface until you have achieved a soft cloud like effect. step 4: a badger softening brush can be used as a final step to further soften the surface and eliminate any visible brush strokes. move the brush in light figure-eight patterns over the entire surface.

tip 1 when applying colors keep your strokes random, yet balanced. avoid creating dark blotches of color. tip 2 remember that blending requires long brush strokes and a lot of pressure. this is an energetic process. keep your upper body free and open, constantly making contact with the wall. tip 3 if your finish turns out looking too dark or too bright, you can soften the wall by dry brushing over it with a touch of the base color. put the base coat into faux like a pro glaze using the 5:1 ratio.… 





action painting company :: antiquing ::by kennedyfebruary 10, 2020antiquing is a classical finish that adds a beautiful aged look to cabinetry, wood paneling, moldings, doors, or furniture. this finish is an excellent way to age and distress new millwork for a more rustic décor. with a little instruction you can create this subtle glow. base colorbenjamin moore paint #06glaze colors (a) benjamin moore paint #ac-39how-to instructions prep 1: before base coating, make sure your surface is in good condition. patch holes and cracks with spackling paste, and wash any dirt from surface using a mild soap. mask all windows, baseboards, and moldings using 2″ painter’s tape. evenly apply paint with roller. base coat should always be a satin or semi-gloss latex finish. two coats may be necessary depending on coverage. let

dry 24 hours. prep 2: before you faux, prepare your glaze/paint mixture(s). a 5:1 ratio (5 parts faux like a pro glaze to 1 part paint) is highly recommended. this ratio will allow you time to work the finish and prevent it from drying too fast. step 1: using a latex brush, evenly apply glaze a in the direction of how wood grain would naturally flow. work on one panel at a time, brushing the horizontal sections first. keep in mind that wood grain runs lengthwise. stop glazing at cross-sections. step 2: drag through the wet glaze with your bristle block brush in the direction of the wood grain. make sure you hold the brush with steady pressure, dragging from left to right. your goal is to create subtle, yet visible brush strokes. wipe off the brush after each pass. step 3: wipe off excess glaze that spread onto the vertical sections of the panel with a damp sponge. step 4: evenly apply glaze a as in step 1, this time glazing the vertical sections. step 5: drag through the wet glaze with your bristle block brush in the direction of the wood grain. make sure you hold the brush with steady pressure dragging from top to bottom. your goal is to create subtle, yet visible brush strokes. wipe off the brush after each pass. step 6: now it’s time to glaze the raised flat panel. using a latex brush, evenly apply glaze a in the direction of the wood grain. step 7: in this step you can either vertically drag through the glaze as in step 5 or create visual interest by stippling the raised flat panel only. using a stipple brush, pounce the entire raised panel until the glaze is evened out. stipple over any ornamental details as well. wipe the raised areas with a clean, damp rag. this will accentuate and define the ornaments. seal with two coats of varnish for protection.

tip 1 avoid glaze build-up on your panel by applying less glaze. remember, subtly is key with this finish. less glaze will produce soft brush strokes. tip 2 for best results drag your brush through the glaze in one or two passes. avoid over stroking the glaze otherwise your finish will look … 





action painting company – about usby kennedyfebruary 10, 2020action painting company 2011 po box 1068 warren mi 48090 phone: 248-730-0214 whether you are seeking interior or exterior painting of your factory, warehouse, manufacturing shop, or commercial property we have the skill and low cost found in a small one-man shop as well as the resources that allows us to handle large commercial and industrial projects.

metro detroit’s premier commercial and industrial painting company248-730-0214action painting company was founded in 1983 with the thought in mind that we could provide, service, quality and low cost that was unique to the industrial and commercial painting industry. attaining success through dedication and commitment to its customers set action painting company on a successful path for over 25 years and counting. from a lone, sole proprietor to a company that’s still growing after all these years, action painting has become the leading industrial and commercial painting contractor for business owners that want a quality job done right for a low price and in a quick time frame.

what sets us apart from other commercial and industrial painting companies? at action painting company, we have an unparalleled commitment to producing quality work at the lowest cost on the market on average we save our customers 20% compared to our competitors in most cases that’s thousands saved on a job. we do this though our unique relationship with our suppliers and our commitment to our high quality highly efficient work force. action painting only uses skilled trades people. we are committed to using american made tools and supplies. did we mention honesty and integrity? our team members always treat customers honestly and fairly. we really care about our clients, and want them to realize the highest level of service they could ever find from a painting contractor. so when it comes time to select a contractor for your commercial painting and industrial coating needs call action painting. with 28 years of experience, outstanding industry expertise, and our unrivalled commitment to low cost and quality craftsmanship, action painting offers service like no other company can. contact us today, and let us show you how much we can save you over your other painting bids. daniel leichtweis – president… 





carpe diem painting | feng shui search color your lifeby kennedyfebruary 10, 2020dear visitors, i am garage independent scientist & inventor dealing with quantum mechanics working on fusion reactor for producing electricity. there is “harmony” state for system such a kind of firm spot. “give me but a firm spot on which to stand, and i shall move the earth.“ archimedes. according to e=mc2 taking into account relativity and taking into account quantum mechanics everything is in movement. find such of “harmony“ state is state of firm spot and due to movement could gain energy from that. some of my graphs have scientific use and some are beautiful art.

paintings are high detail colorful 3d cad modeling digital paintings for relax atmosphere of houses for sale on print on demand e-shop. for my paintings i am developing computer algorithms for special effects and color theory. present special effects used at paintings are dispersia for feng shui flowers and rtdg n-enlargement fractal that i am using for build of calabi yau (string), that is 3d rendering script simulate physics of light near perfect realism.

i hope, that you will enjoy my 3d cad modeling digital paintings and make your home relaxing. whole profit from my paintings i am going to use for my fusion reactor. best regards, vesely (my art pseudonym)… 





birth painting | feng shuifeng shui paintings for saleby kennedyfebruary 10, 2020what you are, you are by accident of birth; what i am, i am by myself. there are and will be a thousand princes; there is only one beethoven.– ludwig van beethoven painting is called “ birth “. there is pure computer algorithm work (without any drawing or modeling with hand) based on mandelbrot fractal. up you could see shape of lying woman down small child, it is too hard get good visible shape from fractal, i didn’t retouch it due to consistency of math algorithm. high quality canvas, acrylic, metal or photo paper prints with frame according to your choice you could buy till dimensions 34″ x 48 “ and also detail view at famous eshop on below link about these adsshare this:like this:likeloading…relatedabout petervesely

i am creating high detail colorful 3d cad modeling digital paintings for relax atmosphere of houses feng shui for sale. for my paintings i am developing computer algorithms for special effects and color theory.

present special movie effects used at paintings are dispersia and rtdg n-enlargement fractal. i hope, that you will enjoy my 3d cad modeling digital paintings feng shui and make your home relaxing. i am independent scientist & inventor dealing with unified field theory and whole profit from my paintings i am going to use for my cold fusion reactor.… 





working the dumpster life | the top dumpster rental servicesby kennedyfebruary 10, 2020working for a dumpster rental service is not the most rewarding job, but it pays the bills. although i am not far ahead of the garbage man, i never have to touch the dumpster, so that is a plus. mostly, there is a lot of waiting.

we wait for someone to rent the dumpster, we wait for them to call us to pick up the dumpster. between that, we load them up, drive them around, and drop them off. it is a simple job, but it is rewarding. for one, i never have to pay to rent a dumpster. i just get a dumpster. in my truck, i get to listen to the music that i like, and get to drive the area that i am most comfortable with. i also get the first look at what anyone is throwing away, and i get to have my pick of the good stuff before we take it to the landfills. sometimes i find some pretty amazing stuff.

furniture, computers, record players, all sorts of things. a lot of guys talk big, saying they have found weird stuff that no one really ever finds. we all know the dumpster gnomes get the weird stuff. nobody knows where they go with it, though. we have never seen them at the lot, and the landfill guys have never heard of them. it seems like there are traces of them at every full dumpster we go to, but there is never any concrete proof…except for the pointy gnome hats they always leave behind.… 





this dumpster rental service had a sense of humorby kennedyfebruary 10, 2020we needed to remove a whole lot of earth and didn’t have much time to do it. we had recently had an incident involving one of our employees getting stuck in a roll off dumpster that had made us all the laughing stock of the entire company.

the employee was four foot, eleven inches tall and apparently she and another male employee jumped in to this dumpster to hide from their supervisor while they shared a cigarette. then, the story goes that the other male employee gets an urgent phone call from his wife, becomes frantic and runs up the inside wall of the dumpster, reaches up and grabs the top and pulls himself out. he then runs to his truck and drives home leaving our, frighteningly tiny and short female employee behind in an empty dumpster that is several feet taller than her little arms can reach with no hopes of getting out because everyone else had apparently taken off to lunch.

well, thank goodness it was a lunch break and not the end of the day because this could have turned into something much more serious, all she had to endure was a long lunch before everyone came back and heard her cries and were able to easily hoist her out. word spread and somehow i’m wearing the dunce cap because this is my crew, it spread so far that the dumpster rental service brought us an entire shipment of five foot tall dumpsters with a note that reads: “in case anyone falls in…”. ha! i never expected that it would come to this far but hey, at least everyone has a sense of humor.… 



1
2
next »







search for:






february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




« feb
 
 




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 


  recent posts 

how to find the right painting contractor


why you should hire a pro


action painting company:: combing instructions ::


color wash instructions


action painting company :: antiquing ::


action painting company – about us


carpe diem painting | feng shui search color your life


birth painting | feng shuifeng shui paintings for sale


working the dumpster life | the top dumpster rental services


 











neve | powered by wordpress

 












