




dysan27's journal




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































dysan27
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














dysan27







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







dysan27's journal 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
dysan27's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

sunday, november 14th, 20109:21 pm
writer's block: cover me 



cover me


which songs have been covered better by artists who didn't originally sing them?


reply


674
tainted love, covered by marilyn manson 
(comment on this)friday, may 28th, 20106:59 pm
moving: the final plan since i can't move in on sunday, and no one is really avalible on monday, thank you nekura_ca for offering.  i've called a mover, as my dad offered to pay for one.  if you still want to show up and help that's great. beer and pizza can still be provided.  they should be here around 4:30 on monday.also i am in need of a cat carrier for the day if anyone has one i can borrow. <eyes phantasm13> 
(2 comments |comment on this)tuesday, may 25th, 20105:38 pm
moving i'm moving on the 31st.  that would be this monday.   and needs help moving.  specificly i need 1 driver, and at least 1 person who can help with the two man stuff (couple of dressers and a couch).  no appliances, mostly boxes.i don't have a lot of stuff. just need some help moving.  pleas respond even if you can't help, just so i know you read this.also there is a chance i could move in sunday, the 30th.  if you would be able to help then please tell me.update: i forgot to mention food(pizza) and drink will be provided. 
(12 comments |comment on this)wednesday, december 9th, 200911:58 pm
i'm not sure if it a complement or not... started watching "white collar", new show.in the opening episode they (fbi) find that someone has forged the new security strips for the canadian $100 bill.  so they tell us.  which leads the the comments:"how upset were the canadians?""ohhh, very. *shrug* well as upset as canadians can get."ahh the classic ever polite canadian stereotype. 
(4 comments |comment on this)monday, december 7th, 20098:09 am
geekest wedding vows ever. but still very awww inspiring.http://www.cad-comic.com/cad/20091207the previous day's is also cute too. 
(2 comments |comment on this)friday, november 27th, 20096:07 am
best cover ever  
(comment on this)tuesday, october 6th, 200910:02 am
writer's block: sick day 



sick day


when you get sick, do you prefer to go it alone or be doted upon by a friend, partner, or parent? do you usually go to work or school or stay home?


reply


575
 i prefer to go it alone, except for food. i really like it when someone makes me lunch and/or supper.  i will go to work unless i feel completely under the weather, ie one step short of throwing up. 
(comment on this)saturday, october 3rd, 200912:38 am
teller speaks! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5x14awelokbad audio, so you have to turn up the volume. 
(1 comment |comment on this)sunday, august 9th, 20094:04 am
man even professionals are idiots watching "destroyed in seconds" on discovery, and some firefighters are burning down a building for training or something, missed the beginning of the clip.  so they had spread some accelerants around the house, gasoline, kerosene, and diesel.and then waited and let them soak into the wood.  and the air.when they go to start the fire by tossing a road flare into the house ka-boom.less then a second and there is no house left to speak of.  no fire just a lovely fuel-air explosion.you would think fire fighers would know something about mixing gas and air, or at least some one would have thought about that.it did make for interesting tv though.edit: youtube of it.  the explosion occurs soon after 1:50 
(4 comments |comment on this)monday, august 3rd, 20098:24 pm
it's the hyperspace hoopla this broke my brain a bit, but it was hilarious and fun to watch.edit: forgot to actually put the link in. oops. 
(4 comments |comment on this)wednesday, july 22nd, 200910:17 am
freaking lazer beams are taking over for those of you who don't read slashdot scientists have replaced spark plugs with a near infrared laser beam it cause ignition in an internal combustion engine.the video is quite impressive as to the size of the "spark" produced by the laser.http://www.liv.ac.uk/researchintelligence/issue36/laserignition.htmhttp://www.laserfocusworld.com/display_article/366468/12/none/none/techn/university-scientists-enter-new-phase-of-automotive-laser-ignition-research-with-for 
(3 comments |comment on this)wednesday, july 15th, 20094:31 am
xkcd, tvtrops, and me people seem to be assuming that i got turned onto tvtrops via xkcd, and am just spamming the site linked.that is not the case. as proof see that i posted on sunday night, where as xkcd posts on monday. i actually had quite a shock when i got to the end of mondays xkcd.in actual fact i was looking for the death ray in girl genius, and got linked to the tvtrops death ray page, and proceded to lose several hours of my life.for quatch, are you sure the ray hits the moon? i only remember, and could only find, it hitting the mountain behind the tower. 
(3 comments |comment on this)sunday, july 12th, 20097:57 pm
tvtropes.com a fun wiki that deals with tricks of the trade in fiction, with lots of examples.  their home page does a better job of explaining http://tvtropes.org/.it's much more informal the wikipedia, but some of the entries are hillarious. 
(7 comments |comment on this)monday, june 22nd, 20098:42 am
transformers update apparently i am a dumbass, transformers comes out wendnesday not friday.  and there is a midnight showing tomorrow night, i'm going.  would anyone care to join me? 
(13 comments |comment on this)sunday, june 21st, 200911:31 am
transformers 2 transformers 2 comes out this friday.  i will defiantly be going on opening day to galaxy.  would anyone like to join me? i flexible on what showing i see.see you there :) 
(comment on this)wednesday, june 10th, 20094:27 am
i want it off!!! it all started with a simple request: "can you slice something for me?"( aka i am an idiotcollapse ) current mood:  annoyed
(3 comments |comment on this)sunday, may 31st, 200912:01 pm
some older tech, that still works http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9dpxhnjxae 
(1 comment |comment on this)wednesday, may 20th, 20093:32 pm
interesting article for those geeky people out there, i actually fount this to be an interesting read.  it a quick history of 3d graphics cards.http://www.maximumpc.com/article/features/graphics_extravaganza_ultimate_gpu_retrospective?page=0%2c0 
(comment on this)saturday, may 9th, 20099:16 am
star trek so i went out to see the new star trek movie last night.  from what had been said, and from the trailers i had high expectations.  i'm sorry to say it didn't meet them.it completely blew them out of the water.the casting was great, all of the actors nailed there characters.  as a fan i got many of the references that they made.  but even if you're not a fan the jokes are funny the plot is great, and the acting is superb.if you are a fan of star trek at all, go see the movie.if you are a fan of sci-fi at all go see the movie.if you just like good movies in general, go see this movie. 
(6 comments |comment on this)saturday, february 28th, 20092:42 pm
writer's block: aka 



aka


what's the story behind your username?


reply


241
way back when i was first joining a bbs i was searching for a name, looking around for insperation, and my eye fell on a box of "dysan" floppy disks, i though it sounded neat, and the name stuck.  the 27 part comes from that was the lowest number that hotmail would give me, apprently 1 through 26 were taken.  since then usualy one of the two names was free on any site i joined. 
(3 comments |comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]





about livejournal.com































