





the big orange chorus - home page















 
  







 
	home •
 
	our meeting location •

	membership information •
 
	our directors
 
	news •

	news archive •
 
	chapter quartets •

	photo gallery •
 
	contact us!

	buy show tickets •

	buy singing valentines •

	shopping cart •
 
	members only















  
      
      
      



















  the big orange chorus is a registered
  501(c)(3) organization and your
  donations are tax deductible. thank
  you for including us in your giving!







tax-deductible
donations accepted


the chorus is accepting donations now.
click anywhere here to help us grow.
thank you!





the big orange chorus is proud to be supported by a grant from the
cultural council of greater jacksonville and by the city of jacksonville.


















































rehearsal dates may vary due to holidays 
		and performances. always check our
		

chorus calendar to 
		confirm.



















             




do you like to sing?  

the big orange chorus is welcoming guests who are interested in joining us in the world-wide 
			community of a cappella singing.  no experience is required; we 
			provide music and voice training and an enjoyable singing experience 
			under world-class leadership.  our repertoire of music is both 
			fun and spans many styles and difficulty levels in addition to 
			traditional barbershop.  many learning materials are provided 
			to help singers learn and develop skills and proper singing 
			techniques, and we perform highly-rated shows in many top-notch 
			venues to well-established and receptive audiences.  please 
			visit our membership 
			page today, or simply come and 
			visit one of our rehearsals in jacksonville.  we'd love to 
			have you as our guest!











a b o u t    o 
u r    c h o r u s
the big orange chorus 
is a fun and friendly group that enjoy singing high-quality barbershop 
and other styles of a cappella music.  as a chapter of the 
international

barbershop harmony society, the chorus performs frequently in the 
jacksonville community.  membership in our chorus is open to men and women of all 
ages who like to sing.

    the chorus' goal is to showcase quality a cappella style vocal music in a 
fun and entertaining way.  annual spring and christmas shows, 
professionally produced and staged, are the capstones of the chorus' efforts in 
jacksonville and northeast florida.  the big orange chorus
    offers an outstanding opportunity to learn and improve vocal 
abilities while performing in the community under the auspices of an 
international organization and a world-class director and coach.  the 
chorus is growing and welcomes all singers in all voice parts.

chorus rehearsals 
are usually held at 
san jose church of christ in 

jacksonville 
on thursday nights at 

7:00pm.  certain 
special events and special performances require that rehearsals are occasionally 
held at non-standard dates and/or times.  guests would do well to call the 
chorus at (904) 355-sing or check the 

chorus calendar 
and the list below for specific rehearsal dates prior to planning a visit.
if you have any questions, please call.

    keep checking this site for news on the progress of the big orange 
chorus, florida's championship and internationally-ranked  
barbershop and a cappella chorus.













g u e s t s  a r 
	e  w e l c o m e !
u p c o m i n 
	g    s c h e d u l e




click here

to open our real-time rehearsal calendar.


non-members are always welcome.  we can 
	introduce you to
    the wonderful world of barbershop harmony.
	the big orange chorus welcomes guests of all ages at weekly rehearsals.  
	parents - bring your singing-interested kids!
     







click here

to open our real-time rehearsal calendar.

	unless otherwise noted, all meetings are held at
san jose church of christ on san jose blvd in jacksonville.
	get maps, and additional information, by visiting the
	
jacksonville rehearsal page. 





please note that our rehearsal schedule is subject to occasional changes.
	we try to highlight special events and activities (performances, contests, 
	non-thursday
	special rehearsals, etc.) on our calendar and in our newsletters.  
	please watch our

master calendar.
	









to contact the big orange chorus, please visit our 
contacts page. 

comments or questions about this web site?
send email to webmaster "at" bigorangechorus.com.











 
	home •
 
	our meeting location •

	membership information •
 
	our directors
 
	news •

	news archive •
 
	chapter quartets •

	photo gallery •
 
	contact us!

	buy show tickets •

	buy singing valentines •

	shopping cart •
 
	members only














  
        
          
        
  



































	 
    





