




country yarns home












cart (0)
 
            register   
log in





country yarns

home
products
services
community
ordering
cart (0)
about
contact

register   
log in





menu  




free shipping!
in north america
on orders over $75 before tax







 







 

2776 lasalle line (between waterworks and mandaumin)
wednesdays 10 am-5 pm
thursdays 10 am-6 pm
fridays 10 am-5 pm
saturdays 10 am-3 pm





knitting crochet cross-stitch needlepoint and more










enjoy country yarns on the webor come visit at jeanne's store!
country yarns has been operating since 1996 out of jeanne's home. jeanne started country yarns when she realized the local stores were not supplying the quality of yarns and the service that people were looking for. before starting country yarns, jeanne worked at a local craft store for 10 years. it has always been a dream of hers to operate a yarn/craft store and help customers. country yarns is a small retail store in size but it carries a large assortment of yarn, patterns, accessories, and needlework (x-stitch & needlepoint) supplies. since it is impossible to carry every brand of yarn, pattern, accessory, and needlework product that her suppliers offer she is willing to place special orders for her customers.



start your project now 






















                    jeanne
                

                    if you are using gps to find out where country yarns is located please enter st. clair, ontario as the location after our street address of 2776 lasalle line. for some reason this is the only way to find us by gps even though we are in petrolia, ontario.
                











                    jeanne feenstra
                

                    if anyone has any questions or comments about the new country yarns website please let us know. we are here to help!!
                






                    jeanne
                

                    we would appreciate any comments or suggestions on country yarns' new website. www.country-yarns.com
                
































quality source
with a wide selection of quality yarns, patterns, accessories, and many other products, you'll get a great start to your project. you can get started with the tools suited to you.





awesome support
whether it's the start of a new project, or help for one you're currently doing, i'll be there to help you get the results you want.


 


order services
there's no guesswork involved as i'll work with you to design your order before you purchase. for orders over $75 canadian (not including tax) i offer free shipping in north america.

 
 
 






recent posts





our latests thoughts about things that only matters to us.



 see all posts









country yarns on your gps
if you are using gps to find out where country yarns is, please find the details in our community page!
read more







threads of a new story
we've embarked on a new era to support you better through this awesome site upgrade.
read more







custom ordering
for some suppliers, we'll create custom orders to get your special project off the ground.
read more
































time to start that project

whether it's your first, or one that you know you've wanted to get started, it's time enjoy the excitement of a new project. i'll help you get it all together.

  start crafting!  











stay connected
join us on our social networks for all the latest updates, product/service announcements and more.













facebook

> become a friend


google +

> add us to your circle















view larger map






                        address
                        country yarns
                    


                        2776 lasalle line
                        r.r. #3
                        petrolia, ontario n0n 1r0
                    

                        p:     +519-882-8740

                        f:     +519-882-4649

                        e: sales@country-yarns.com

store is located on lasalle line between waterworks road and mandaumin road. enter "st. clair" in place of the city on your gps to find us. store hours are: wednesday 10-5 pm, thursday 10-6 pm, friday 10-5 pm, and saturday 10-3 pm (coming in july call ahead for summer store hours.)


web site by robert a.



























