






decorative concrete systems – a northwest consulting / distribution center



































skip to content



decorative concrete systems
a northwest consulting / distribution center








home
services
find local supplier
contact us
faq
gallery







 
 
consulting / tech support
click here

























brickformvalue and performance you can count on! our customers choose brickform because brickform consistently provides quality products and services at competitive prices. top quality materials and responsive personal service are the standards by which brickform operates.
learn more 

















smith paintssmith paint products began manufacturing paint in 1929, supplying the central pennsylvania market with products and services. since then, we have developed thousands of specialized formulas for specific applications. advances in coating technology have allowed us to expand our product line to include environmentally.......
learn more 

















triangle coatingstriangle coatings’ business began in 1932 as a small, regional paint manufacturer. we offered users quality coatings, quick service, and immediate access to chemical information and technical advice. as we grew, we established ourselves as a reliable and knowledgeable source for standard and specialty paints and coatings made available in small and large quantities.
learn more 

























z counter formfinally, a countertop form that was truly designed to allow you to build beautiful, cast-in-place, concrete countertops.with the patented z counterform you simply place 1/2" cement backer board on top of the cabinets and fasten the z counterform to the edges and back wall. after the concrete has been poured and cured, you simply pull and snap off the z counterform to reveal a beautiful, smooth edge. its that easy! z counterforms are the perfect diy concrete countertop solution. we have all the concrete countertop supplies you need for your job.
learn more 

















kraft toolsas a trusted name in the hand tool industry, kraft tool is proud of the “hand krafted” workmanship attributed to every product. our goal is simple: maintain quality, provide good service and offer new innovative products.
kraft tool’s product line is manufactured for the professional craftsman. our tools are created for everyday use by the professional cement finisher, brick mason, asphalt paver, tile setter, plasterer or drywall craftsman
learn more 

















pulse baepulse-bac started over 15 years ago when our founder’s passion for taking what he saw and making it better lead to a discovery.  our founder, david mccutchen,  noticed something very simple that most people tended to overlook or simply accepted as the norm. what was this simple thing? the almost inescapable loss of suction that occurred with most vacuums used in the construction industry. this of course was caused by the filter becoming clogged with fine dust and debris and cutting off the airflow to the vacuum motor......
learn more 

















since 1993






purpose of decorative concrete systems
to provide a fast, efficient, cost effective way to get decorative concrete products to our customers throughout the northwest.
 




































	copyright © 2025 decorative concrete systems — ascension wordpress theme by godaddy













