









home - spring lake golf club | long island public championship course












































 home      tee times



 home      (631) 924-5115


 tee times      contact

 







 



thecourse
course info & gallerytour our coursesrates & feestee timesgolf instruction2024 weekend start times theclub
golf shoprestaurantonline storeoutingsleagues
outings & tournamentsladies sandpiper 9 hole leaguecouples league contactdirections
employmentcontact & directions 
















 
slide1tee times27 holes of championship golf • 4 star ratedbook onlineslide2golf outingsprofessionally run golf outings, charity events & tournaments.learn moreslide3golf leaguesstart or join a league! the perfect way to enjoy more golf .learn moreslide4grab a bitegreat dining, catered events & beautiful views await.view our menuslide5gift cardsperfect for any occasion · no expirationbuy online here 
























welcome to spring lake golf club
2025 weekend prime times available!! 
631-924-5115
renew or sign up for a ghin here
 
27 holes of championship golf in the heart of long island
 spring lake is family owned and operated and home to two meticulously-maintained courses that provide an enjoyable experience for all golfers. the thunderbird is an 18 hole course with meandering fairways and large undulating greens. from the championship tees, it is an impressive 7,048 yards long, offering players an honest challenge as well as the opportunity to use every club in their bag. the sandpiper is a par 36, 9 hole course situated alongside a serene lake framed by majestic weeping willows. spring lake is family owned & operated, ensuring our founders’ commitment to superior quality will continue. whether playing 9 or 18 holes, golfers of any age and ability can expect a memorable round. 










 what's going on @ spring lake?








golf outings
27 holes of championship golf never looked so good. book your outing our charity event today.

learn more













gift cards
check out our online store for gift cards & other specials. our best prices are here.

learn more













course tour
see the layouts of all 27 holes of golf, along with yardages and pro tips to prepare for your round.

learn more













golf lessons
professional golf instruction is what we do best. check out packages customized just for your needs.

learn more


















ready to book a tee time?

click here







long island golf outings
centrally located for your golf outing & golf instruction needs.
just off the long island expressway’s exit 64 north, and only minutes from the port jefferson ferry, our sprawling 180 acre facility is adjacent to a stunning lake providing eye dazzling views, making a perfect backdrop for your golf outing. welcoming golfers of all skill levels, the spring lake golf academy offers one of long island’s best training programs and one of the best practice facilities in the area.
sandpiper smart card
looking for more golf? searching for a great bang for your buck? try the sandpiper smart card for only $300. this includes:

(12) nine hole rounds (green fee only, cart extra)
valid monday - friday (excluding holidays)
save in advance! 

call (631) 924-5115 or stop in the golf shop to purchase anytime. purchase in our online store here








© spring lake golf club • 30 e. bartlett road • middle island, ny 11953(631) 924-5115 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm companyfollow via facebookfollow on instagramfollow via twittercontact us today!






spring lake golf club30 e. bartlett roadmiddle island, ny 11953












 

thecourse
course info & gallerytour our coursesrates & feestee timesgolf instruction2024 weekend start times theclub
golf shoprestaurantonline storeoutingsleagues
outings & tournamentsladies sandpiper 9 hole leaguecouples league contactdirections
employmentcontact & directions
























