


ifpi — representing the recording industry worldwide



























































about ifpi

what we do
our people
our boards
local associations
careers
diversity and inclusion


our industry

industry data
role of a record label
ifpi global charts
global music listening habits
artist stories
performance rights


campaigns

creating an environment in which music and creators can thrive
copyright infringement
reservations of rights
music climate pact
global citizen campaign
music cities


news
members

our members
apply


resources
contact
 


gmr
isrc



















representing the recording industry worldwide

dua lipa







8,000
members across ifpi and its national group & local associations network


70
countries where our members operate


the voice of the recording industry worldwide







promoting the value of recorded music



ifpi demonstrates recorded music’s economic value in creating growth, jobs and investment, and its cultural value to society and in people’s lives.








campaigning for the rights of record producers 



ifpi works to make sure that the rights of its members, who create, produce and invest in music, are properly protected and enforced.








expanding the commercial uses of recorded music



ifpi works to help its members license and generate commercial value for music through every available channel across the world.






ifpi works as a global team. our work brings together experts from different departments, countries and continents.
read more >



70
almost 70 ifpi national groups, local associations or affiliated music licensing companies




70
over 70 markets where our member companies operate











 

latest news
taylor swift makes music history as ifpi’s biggest-selling global recording artist of the year for the fifth time
taylor swift has been confirmed by ifpi, the organisation that represents the recorded music industry worldwide, as the global recording artist of the year 2024.
read more >






 

latest news
coalition of creators and rightsholders raise concerns about the second draft of the general-purpose ai code of practice under the eu ai act
a coalition of creators and rightsholders across the eu’s cultural and creative industries has issued a letter raising serious concerns about the second draft of the general-purpose ai code of practice under the eu ai act. it warns that the current draft fails to align with the carefully crafted objectives of the ai act, jeopardising […]
read more >






 

latest news
ifpi launches official southeast asia charts hub with creation of new charts in philippines and vietnam
ifpi, representing the recording industry worldwide,has today announced the launch of the official southeast asia charts, a regional hub housing the official weekly music charts for six countries – indonesia, malaysia, the philippines, singapore, thailand and vietnam.
read more >










© ifpi. all rights reserved. terms of use & privacy policy









