








scrimshaw.com - an ancient art on eco-friendly materials














































skip to content





scrimshaw.com
an ancient art on eco-friendly materials






menu



about
artists
books
how-to
projects
mystery artist
privacy
reviews
tools
wanted
 

















scrimshaw.com store

posted on january 8, 2021january 9, 2021 by andrew perkins 


scrimshaw on eco-friendly materials.  choose from a variety of accessories, create your own scrimshaw with our easy to use templates, or browse our store for inspiration!  custom orders available.  links below bring you to our etsy store.
display pieces:





scrimshaw embroidery ruler and winder - custom designs available!
 

$17.95 usd







personalized scrimshaw rigging knife with hula dancer, ship and compass rose
 

$89 usd






personalized scrimshaw lockback knife with southwest cattle skull and dream catcher sheath and box included
 

$49 usd






personalized scrimshaw rigging knife with cork, ireland lighthouse, ship and compass rose
 

$89 usd






personalized scrimshaw rigging knife with portland head lighthouse, ship and compass rose
 

$89 usd






scrimshawed roper double action trapper knife with cougar.
 

$169 usd






personalized scrimshaw rigging knife with yaquina lighthouse, ship and compass rose
 

$89 usd






scrimshaw rigging knife with cape neddick lighthouse, ship and compass rose
 

$89 usd


patterns:





scrimspirations book 2 - tall ships and sea life
 

$5.99 usd






scrimspirations book 1 - scrimshaw patterns / templates
 

$5.99 usd






scrimspirations 4 - knife handle scenes
 

$5.99 usd






scrimspirations book 3 - mermaids & monsters  easy to use scrimshaw illustrations
 

$5.99 usd





posted in finished goods, slider 








mystery artist 59 – uncovering ciampo: artist behind 1970s scrimshaw pendant from thrasher galleries (store now closed)

posted on february 11, 2025february 11, 2025 by andrew perkins 




lisa is looking for more information on the artist who scrimmed “puss-in-boots” in the 1970’s:
“i came across your site and found your contact info in one of the mystery artist conversations. i was given a scrimshaw pendant made of “prehistoric fossilized ivory”, which was purchased by my dad at a gallery event back in the late 70’s – the show featured works from master scrimshander michael wood (at
thrasher galleries in san carlos, ca – now closed). the pendant is set in “fine silver” and the stone in the hat is an opal. the signature on the bottom right side says “ciampo”. i have a flyer from the show stating it’s on prehistoric fossilized ivory (flyer photos attached). …
… any chance you can find something out about this artist, or the pendant’s value?”
















anyone remember ciampo or the pacific ivory & silver company?  leave your response below to help lisa find out more about this unique treasure!


posted in uncategorizedleave a comment 








scrimshaw in france on magnificent knives

posted on february 9, 2025february 9, 2025 by andrew 


once in awhile on a sunday i’ll do a search for scrimshaw or some variation of it.  this morning i was thinking of trade scrimshaw.  while making breakfast and avoiding technology (and putting off shoveling the snow from the driveway), i tried to describe trade scrimshaw as i would to someone unfamiliar with the term and came up with this: “trade scrimshaw captures a subject with an efficient use of lines, stipples, shading and detail, creating a pleasing and memorable piece of art while minimizing the impact on the recipient’s wallet and the artist’s hours left on earth.” there are less cheeky definitions out on the web, but this one fits me like my comfortable wool flannel shirt and well worn dog-walking shoes.

it was while i was comparing my thoughts on trade scrimshaw with what was out on the web that i ran across https://www.fontenille-pataud.com/en/recherche?s=scrimshaw. the knives themselves are useful works of art – another fascination of mine.  art comes in a variety of forms: many are to be observed, studied, thought about and argued over but not touched – never touched. useful works of art is probably not the best description of what i’m fascinated with, but “practical art” doesn’t fit either.  oh well.
  the knives created by fontenille-petaud are truly beautiful from their choice of metal and finish to the selection of scales and filework, along with the mechanisms themselves.  it is a pleasure to see such artistry and craftsmanship twenty five years into the 21st century.


posted in thoughtstagged knives, scrimshaw, scrimshaw artleave a comment 








mystery artist 58 – gam

posted on may 9, 2024may 9, 2024 by andrew 



this mystery artist has the initials gam which are on each of a series of five scrimshaws on a sterling silver bracelet. the work was more than likely done in the late 70’s to early 80’s. this particular item was done in full color, which i’ve not seen very often, and was well taken care of – the colors are still vivid. most times they were done with black ink only.






  “story bracelets” as they are known were quite popular, al doucette, a modern scrimshaw artist making quite a number of them during the 1970’s through into this century.  the stories vary from the sorrowful goodbye and happy return to life on the shores and on the ship, “made for their beloved during their idle times at sea”, or so the story goes.  whaling was a rough life with little to show for it unless you were the captain or the owner of the vessel, and many scrimshaws of practical use were made to enhance the salaries of the sailors. 
  with the renewed interest of scrimshaw starting in the early nineteen sixties (president john f. kennedy was an avid collector of scrimshaw), these bracelets became popular since they were easily worn and carried – much easier than lugging a whale’s tooth in one’s purse.  i’m not sure if there are any that were made before that time.
  and here we are in the twenty first century, mementos of distant and recent ages being passed down often with scant memories of their parents or grand parents stories of when they had gotten their treasured items, often dates and general locations are remembered, and little known of the artists whose practiced hands wrought the pictures and jewelry.
the “mystery artist” blogs as well as some other sites (such as jim steven’s site) hope to add the names and histories of the artists. can you help? any information about the artist “gam” would be appreciated, and will add to the stories of the scrimshaws themselves that are treasured to this day. please feel free to contact us through this site with any information you may have.


posted in uncategorizedtagged artist, jewelry, mystery, mystery artist, scrimshaw, scrimshaw artist 








mystery artist 57 – a dragon to the bahamas

posted on november 12, 2023may 9, 2024 by andrew perkins 




ivan writes: “i purchased this during a snowstorm in provincetown about 45 years ago. the seller was desperate to get to his shop in the bahamas and i bargained for it because i had never seen a slice of whale tooth scrimshaw with a chinese dragon done in such exquisite detail. i’ve searched for years but have not been able to identify the artist. the initials are either ret or bet. please post in your mystery artist section; i’m not willing to give up yet.”
 some better pictures may show the grain more clearly  (i’m emailing for more pics), though i believe i see some of the “tapioca” pattern of walrus tusk in the center.  hoping to get pictures of the back and of the edge as well for better identification of the material.
the initials “bet” are currently in the unresolved initials on the site https://www.scrimshawstudio.com/scrimshaw-artsist-marks-and-signatures/ – a great resource for looking up scrimshaw artists marks. the picture of the signature is at about #186. i’ll be updating this post as more information arrives.


posted in mystery artisttagged artist, mystery, mystery artist, scrimshaw, scrimshaw artist 








mystery artist 36 addition – andhi eagle scrimshaw – artist info found!

posted on february 5, 2022november 2, 2022 by andrew perkins 


thanks to debra for the information! “the artists name is andhi spaeth. he was employed by heinz lange, northwest arts and crafts, seattle washington. …”“… there is a video on youtube – scrimshaw ivory collection heinz lange estate – https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6medsilcg4 “
contacted through etsy, the owner recently aquired this scrimshaw on what appears to be mammoth tusk. crisp and beautifully rendered, the scrimshaw is mounted on a wooden stand.  i really enjoy looking at this piece – the contrast, even the lightest lines are wonderfully thought out. 
the person he bought it from stated they had purchased it about 40 years ago in a small town in alaska, and it was told to them andhi is (was) a native.
anyone know the artist or the history of the piece? please add your comments below.





posted in mystery artist 






posts navigation
older posts



search scrimshaw.com




follow my updates easily follow scrimshaw updates on the following social media:

twitter
facebook
instagram


scrimshaw templates 

also on amazon 

how to scrimshaw 
recent commentsandrew on scrimshaw artist tina whiteandrew on scrimshaw artists – continuing a centuries old artformbart heminover on scrimshaw artists – continuing a centuries old artformpeyton on scrimshaw artists – continuing a centuries old artformjes on scrimshaw wantedsarah s on about scrimshaw.comwalter n. brach jr. on fljessica r. on scrimshaw wantedmark laird on artist belle ochsmarilyn raphael on maon the lighter side… 

 















theme: avant by kaira 










privacy preferences
i agree









 

privacy preference center




options




consent management
cookie settings

necessaryadvertisinganalyticsother 








consent management







necessary







advertising







analytics







other


























ok











