


ieeltd.com iee ltd - iee ltd - internet empire entertainment online casino











home statistics 































feel free to download our brochure in zipped pdf format.











full pdf version


 4.59mb



to download the individual pdf files
















































internet empire entertainment ltd. (iee) should be your first and only choice if you're interested in entering the online casino market. iee offers some of the most exciting and innovative games and software in the industry today. with the introduction of our new 2000 games, iee will be sure to stand out in the crowd of other gaming companies.




















about us



about us



iee is incorporated in antigua with corporate sales offices in montreal, canada.






pdf brochure



please feel free to download our brochure available in zipped pdf format.






your access



statistics



of course, as owner of the casino, you certainly deserve to know how well it's doing.






marketing info



iee is aiming at establishing a reciprocal as well as beneficial business relationship with your company.






faq's



all your questions answered, in plain english.







contact us



general information



if you would like any further information regarding our services in the online gaming industry, please contact us









services



software








each iee casino utilizes software created by starnet international, a publicly traded company described by forbes magazine as "the microsoft of the internet gaming software industry.










site development








our creative department strives to create a casino that visitors will remember. our goal is to create a site that people will want to visit time and again.










casino management



standing by our claim of a turnkey product, iee continues to oversee the daily operations of the casino.






other services



each iee online casino and sportsbook is designed and customized according to the individual tastes and needs of the client.





































home marketing statistics aboutus 





