











materials research science and engineering center – uw–madison


































skip to main content




university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









materials research science and engineering center





search






menu
open menu


close





home
research
expand


collapse



irg 1 – mobility in glasses and liquids
irg 2 – nonequilibrium magnetic phases in strained crystalline membranes
seeds
highlights


education and broadening participation
expand


collapse



current initiatives
forward fellows
prem
reu
ret
volunteer opportunities
mrsec education website


facilities & data management
expand


collapse



shared facilities overview
facilities day open house
data management overview


students and postdocs
expand


collapse



opportunities and resources
current irg representatives


products
expand


collapse



publications
presentations
software
mrsec archives


events & opportunities
expand


collapse



breakthrough research and education workshop (brew)
honored scholar travel award
facilities day open house


industry interactions
expand


collapse



amic


about us
expand


collapse



contact us
organization
nsf acknowledgement
internal


 





what is the materials research and science engineering center and what do we do? scroll down to find out!



get involved in outreach and education! 

                  click here to see what kind of educational programs the mrsec offers.                






 








welcome to the materials research science and engineering center webpage!
the nsf-sponsored wisconsin materials research science and engineering center brings together teams of researchers from diverse disciplinary backgrounds to tackle grand challenges in the materials science of liquids and glasses and non-equilibrium magnetism. the center integrates the discovery of new knowledge with creation of research-inspired educational materials, innovative programs that broaden participation in stem fields, industry outreach to promote economic advancement, and professional development opportunities that train the next-generation us workforce.
 

 
 
 
 


highlightshagopian presents at microscopy and microanalysis conference2024 brewkawasaki honored with 2024 mbe young investigator awardcollaborative mrsec research results in nano letters cover article last monthwisconsin mrsec earns award for partnership in puerto rico(2024) biaxially-aligned glasses of organic semiconductorsmilwaukee journal sentinel highlights teacher’s work stemming from mrsec ret programmore news 
more

 



events & announcements

uw launches materials engineering research initiative with major nsf sponsorship
the university of wisconsin–madison materials research science and engineering center (mrsec) has received $18 million from the national science foundation (nsf) for interdisciplinary exploration of fundamental questions in materials science.
the grant will provide six years of funding for mrsec, which includes more than 30 affiliated faculty across nine university departments, as well as collaborators at other institutions and in industry. mrsec is one of 21 nsf-funded centers that conduct fundamental materials research, education and outreach at the nation’s leading research institutions.
read more…

 
 
 
 




please acknowledge the mrsec in your publications.

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
quick linkshome
announcements
contact us
events
shared facilities overview


contact usmrsec  
university of wisconsin - madison    
1415 engineering drive  
madison, wi 53706-1607
email: kphillips22@wisc.edu
phone: 608-263-4616

facebook


x twitter


instagram


youtube


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: kphillips22@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













