`







magic flute videos wedding photography & 4k video videography new york hudson valley greenwich, ct costa rica photography






















 





home
style
photography
videography
about us
contact












 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





wedding photographers and videographers






 
 
 
style     
 natural timeless narratives 
magic flute photo & videos is an award-winning wedding studio that opened in new york back in 2001. our documentary style is balanced, clean and imitates the texture and feel of film. with the help of our 6k cameras we have revolutionized event documentation by seamlessly orchestrating photography and videography into a single process, allowing you to relax and enjoy your day.   




 
 
our latest shots





elopement

 




full moon resort

 




stonehill's

 




new york city

 




costa rica

 




catskill engagement's 

 




red maple vineyard

 




wylder hotel

 




nyc elopement

 




timber lake camp

 




wylder hotel

 




the roxbury barn

 











 
 
our latest films





elopement

 




timber lake camp shandaken

 




stonehill's

 




the roxbury barn

 




new york city

 




the wylder hotel

 




full moon resort

 




red maple vineyard

 




wylder windham

 








 
 
 
about us     
 annika & renzo 
we met in patagonia making a movie about tango; true story! flash forward a brooklyn loft,  a farm house, and two kids later and we have our own epic love story as well.  together we have traveled the world making award wining fiction and documentary films, fashion photography, and art magazine features.  but the most important work we produce is our own personal photos and videos of our time with our loved ones.  we know how precious these moments are for you so we create images without a shelf-life; stories, moments, and feelings that endure. 

for the last 20 years, we have had the privilege of documenting adventurous, exceptional couples, as they celebrate their marriage and take their relationships to deeper levels of enduring love.  we are devoted artists, but we value our clients experience above all.  applying the basic principle that when you feel good you look good, our documentary practice is about letting your natural love and authentic story shine through. 

we know how important your love story is.  wether it is producing a documentary film, a fashion look book, or editorial spread, documenting those fleeting moments and oft-forgotten details in life is our passion.  

 
 
 















reviews from our fans



oh wow.  just wow.  we sat up late last night after our shows to watch it.  you guys killed it. this is worlds beyond wedding videos i've seen for friends & family members - and we had high expectations, as i combed all your other work (which i loved!) and you went so far above them.  and gave us so much more than we had anticipated!gah so many mushy feelings & joy. and time to go back to work.  but thanks for making our week :)  and this incredible way to remember our wedding day forever. colleen 




the video is amazing! absolute perfection. it perfectly captures the spirit of the day and i have already watched it probably at least 20 times. i do not think i could have made a better choice than choosing you and annika for our wedding photography and videography. from the moment i stumbled upon your page, i was hooked. it was very important to me that we have high quality media to remember the day, and you both exceeded our expectations. my only regret is not having paid for even more time with you!  kelly 





renzo is amazing! for any bride out there who is looking for a truly epic wedding video, this is your guy! he has such a gift for editing video and finding those perfect moments. the quality of the video is amazing...high def, so clear...seems like a movie! the day of the wedding renzo and team work so well at blending into the event, you hardly notice them! they captured the day beautifully and even better- edit the day to perfection. if you want a truly unique wedding video, magic flute videos is the way to go!dylana 





i recently got married about six ago and i chose renzo and annika to do the videography. let me first mention that i saw the work they did for a friend's wedding and i had to have them. i was a bride on a budget so i wasn't prepared to spend tons of money on something i might not watch tons of times. however, renzo was fair, reasonable and able to customize a package to meet my expectations. i appreciated the that they were professional, punctual and very fun to work with. i just received my highlight video and i must say it surpassed my vision!!! i am absolutely in aww about every single thing in the video. i watched it at least 20 times the day i got it and i'm still not bored with there amazing work. initially, i planned on only getting the highlight video and the raw footage but i will definitely pay for the entire wedding (edited version). i became a bridezilla (unknowingly) because i wanted everything perfect for the big day. if you are even close to being that way i suggest you breathe and just let them do their job...seriously you won't be disappointed or i will give you your money back lol.naima 





and 10 more million stars!!! we just got a glimpse of our wedding teaser today and wowwww is all i have gotta say!!! i mean my husband and i were just amazed on how magic flute videos just captured every single breath taking moment! i have already shared it with my family and friends and they too mentioned how beautiful it was. from the music they added to video all the way up to the quality of the entire video picture itself. they really did capture the most perfect moments and edited them into making a wonderful video. thank you so much guys, renzo and team....we are so glad we picked you guys to capture these forever moments. thank you!crystal 





























get in touch with us
for questions about availability and investment please contact us






new york city, connecticut, hudson valley, upstate, costa rica, weddings photography & videography  (347) 269 0669  info_at_magicflutevideos.com







magic flute videos photography videography costa rica weddings new york






























