
















global leader in product lifecycle management software | ptc











































































ptc header





























































































































































































selected language unavailable





                                this experience is not available in the language you selected.
                            








proceed














rely on ptc
engineering transformation
manufacturing excellence
service optimization




companies that make products the world relies on, rely on ptc
ptc customers have one thing in common: they make the products we rely on. our software solutions provide the digital foundation to transform how products are designed, made, and maintained.


                            learn why
                        





featured news 

read our fy24 impact report


featured news

ptc named outright leader for enterprise plm


innovator spotlight

vestas’ digital thread journey for product data





engineers rely on ptc
accelerate product development with ptc’s strong collaboration tools for hardware and software that help manage product complexity, reduce costs, and improve product quality.


                            see how
                        





featured news

ptc named outright leader for enterprise plm


report

enterprise alm accelerates the pace of innovation—see how





manufacturers rely on ptc
from real-time production performance to improving supply chain and design collaboration, companies partner with ptc to enhance manufacturing efficiency.


                            see how
                        





explore

how lean manufacturing practices optimize your product processes


podcast

the lean manufacturer: hear from experts on maximizing efficiency





service teams rely on ptc
high-quality and efficient service can make or break customer satisfaction. ptc solutions optimize service operations—maximizing uptime and reducing costs.


                            see how
                        





explore

service lifecycle management solutions


featured news

ptc named a leader in idc marketscape for slm


podcast

tune in to speaking of service










deliver more value through your products 
with ptc solutions, you can reduce product development friction and complexity, creating downstream benefits that improve quality, boost revenue, and accelerate innovation. 

manage product complexity 
manage product complexity with the right solutions 
overcome product complexity with solutions for managing configurations and product variants, software and hardware requirements, technical documentation, and more.


                            explore solutions
                        


reduce costs 
reduce costs by transforming your product development processes 
transform your product development processes with a digital foundation that minimizes friction and complexity while driving cost reductions across the enterprise value chain.


                            explore solutions
                        


improve product quality
deliver high quality products with consistency
exceed quality expectations with an enterprise-wide approach to quality management where everyone plays a role in driving continuous quality improvements.


                            explore solutions
                        


drive growth & innovation
drive growth and innovation  
innovate faster with a digital foundation that supports collaborative product development and concurrent work across the entire product lifecycle.


                            explore solutions
                        


transform the customer experience 
transform the customer experience
win over customers by differentiating your product and service offerings through software-driven innovation, streamlined product customization, service optimization and more.


                            explore solutions
                        









digital thread: essential enabler of digital transformation



at ptc, we understand the value of product data and, when used strategically, the business opportunities it makes possible across the value chain.





                            explore digital thread 
                        



find solutions right for your role


engineering transformation
manufacturing excellence 
service optimization
enterprise leadership









                            brands you rely on, rely on ptc
                        


you can’t go a single day without encountering a product engineered, manufactured, or serviced with ptc software. in fact, 95% of fortune 500 discrete manufacturing companies are ptc customers.




                                    explore case studies
                                

































































committed to your success


our customers rely on our best-in-class solutions, open software philosophy, extensive partner network, and deep industry expertise to drive digital transformation across the entire product lifecycle.



                            about us
                        
















                                                how can we help you?
                                            





support portal





contact an expert





training and skills





join the ptc community







                                        explore ptc
                                    



about ptc


products


ptc university


careers


leadership





                                                        investor relations
                                                    



                                                        news
                                                    



                                                        partners
                                                    



                                                        events
                                                    



                                                        global locations
                                                    



















© copyright 2025 ptc



                                                        legal
                                                    



                                                        trust center
                                                    



                                                        privacy policy
                                                    

cookies settings















