




 






home :: ardmore






















careers leadership contact us staff login  









 toggle navigation    



about uswelcomethe ardmore foundationcongregate homesshared livingcommunity servicesdrop in servicesin home supportadvocacybridges day programemployment services


















 
ardmore inc. is pleased to announce that it has achieved person-centered excellence accreditation from cql | the council on quality and leadership. this prestigious accomplishment demonstrates that ardmore inc. is aligning with some of the highest standards in the human services field. person-centered excellence accreditation recognizes the organization’s implementation of person-centered practices that have a significant impact on the lives of people with disabilities.



 
the 2024 mike trace award for excellence was awarded to community service case coordinator vern appleton and sean burkett at the october 2024 gathering of friends and family. 
annually a person or team from ardmore is chosen who have created and taken opportunities to be members of the greater community through good supports and practices. 



 
congratulations lisa on receiving an ardmore tada 🎉 lisa ensures that everyone gets a signed card for special occasions and gets sung to on their birthdays at the bridges program. she also is always making sure that others feel special or noticed in their time of need. nice job lisa!



 
joe and bob once again completed the summit metro parks fall hiking spree! good job to both guys and the dsps who work at pals and walked with them. 



 
be sure to follow the ardmore inc. facebook page for more stories of community and belonging. if you have an ardmore story to share, be sure to send us a message @ nkalista@ardmoreinc.org. 



 
community service dsp patrice and david enjoy an evening out attending the christmas dance at laplace events hall presumed by all about oz. 



 
ardmore believes we all have the responsibility to create the conditions for others to fulfill their potential, acting to strengthen the dignity others, building a foundation of freedom, justice and peace for this-and future--generations.



 
direct support professionals provide supports to find and maintain friendships with people.  pat and barb met through a lunch club group in 2019. even through these challenging times, the staff have helped them find ways to connect and stay in touch. 









services

congregate homes
shared living
community services
adult day hab
employment services
advocacy
community connections



careers
looking for a meaningful and fullfilling career? check out our variety of employment opportunities, with paid training. click here to apply »read more


donations
at ardmore, we believe that everyone deserves a place in their community where they are safe, seen, accepted, loved and given opportunities to contribute. »read more




our sponsors

 
 


 









981 e. market st. • akron, ohio 44305 • map • phone: 330-535-2601 • fax: 330-535-7911 • site map
powered by sitempower, by walking stick communications











