


home - sonoma county mothers of multiples
























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top










share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitteradd me to mailing listmember login menuhome about us benefits swap event calendar donations contact us join now!












welcome to the wonderful world of parenting multiples!








 welcome! you've read the parenting books and magazines; you've talked to your doctor; you may have even had a baby before... but you will find that nothing compares to the challenge of caring for two or more babies, or young children, at once! the sonoma county mothers of multiples club is a group of mothers and fathers of twins and triplets who have come together for support, education, ideas-and, yes-fun! you may also join our group while pregnant and begin to receive the many benefits of membership before you deliver! come check us out!










 


join us! become a member of scmoms!
 
member benefits include:

new member social
access to our private facebook page
participation in our biannual swap event
monthly social events for moms and the entire family
educational seminars and guest speakers

...and much, much more! click the benefits tab to read more!

click here to join today! annual dues are only $40! 

a confidential scholarship program is available to families with multiples who may not have the finances for dues. please fill out our "helping hands" application below:
click here for application








our mission statement
sonoma county mothers of multiples is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to serving families of multiple birth children in sonoma county and the surrounding areas. in partnering with local experts, health care providers, researchers, and educators, we unite and aid parents of multiples through support, education, research, and networking.




national organization affiliation
sonoma county mothers of multiples club (scmoms) is a group exempt subordinate of the 501(c)3 non-profit organization national organization of mothers of twins clubs, inc. (also known as multiples of america). to learn more about this national organization, please visit www.multiplesofamerica.org



northern california association

scmoms also holds a membership with the northern california association of mothers of twins clubs. to learn more about this northern california organization, please visitwww.ncamotc.com





































home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









