
















physical education | fullerton college
























faculty+staff
alumni
community
contact us

 













 
 
 
 











future students
academics
current students
visit
catalog+schedule
about







 
 
 














 


future students
academics
current students
visit
catalog+schedule
about




faculty+staff
alumni


community
site map














physical education division
 










home
departments

dance
physical education


degrees and certificates

dance degree & certificate
pe associate degree
pe fitness associate in science
kinesiology adt
athletic coach certificate
personal trainer certificate
pilates certificate
yoga certificate
fc pe student certificate application


staff directory

dance staff
pe staff


athletics
course descriptions

dance course descriptions
pe course descriptions
wellness course descriptions

















9

about us
welcome to fullerton college. as one of the most dynamic fields of study in higher education, the fc physical education division welcomes you to  programs of tremendous academic promise for our students. our faculty and staff are here to assist you in meeting your educational goals, and our courses, degrees, and certificate are designed to help you meet those goals. mission statement: the fc physical education division is committed to providing an environment and resources that allow students to achieve success in reaching their educational goals. in the pursuit of such excellence the division emphasizes quality instruction, critical thinking, lifelong learning, and the health and safety of students when applying these instructional concepts now and in the future. this website should help you successfully navigate the program of your choice. but as the transfer policies of every university in the nation can vary greatly, we recommend a meeting with an fc academic counselor before embarking on any program of study, and regularly thereafter to ensure you are making satisfactory progress towards your goals at fc and beyond.









 

 
 
 









fullerton college
714-992-7000
                        321 e. chapman ave.
                        fullerton, ca 92832
site map
directory

 
 



connect
students
faculty + staff
community
alumni

 
 


visit us online








 

search fc




 
 
 




accredited by the accrediting commission of community and junior colleges, of the western association of schools and colleges


disclaimer - © 2025 fullerton college. unlawful discrimination, harassment, and sexual assault/misconduct
fullerton college is part of the north orange county community college district


 
 
 
 

 
 
 
















