




albey's too cool reptiles



























home
available
collection
best of's

best of 2003
best of 2002
best of 2001
best of 2000


care

how to incubate
cooler incubator


features

birth of a leopard gecko
tangerine dorsal striped
mack super snow
ball python breeding


terms

terms and conditions
links


contact

email - albey@albeysreptiles.com
phone - (678) 362-8278






 



welcome to albey's "too cool" reptiles where quality and coolness go hand in hand. through selective breeding and constant upgrading of our breeding stock we are producing stunning colors and the finest mutations in ball pythons. we feel they are some of the finest being offered anywhere and we are sure that you will also. the photos enclosed are of the actual animals for sale, so come check us out because what you see is what you get. proudly serving the reptile community since 1996 the first year we did the national reptile breeders expo (while it was still in orlando for you old timers).


are gladly accepted.
 worldwide shipping is available. 
 please click here for information on international sales.






 
we are now on facebook
        

          here is the link to the albey's "too cool" reptiles facebook page - 
please stop by and like us.
we are now on morph market!
see what we have available on morph market here! 
as of 2014 i am no longer selling leopard geckos! i know that is crazy since i have been doing it for so long but the ball pythons have won my heart. i will keep the news section below for a reference but to see what we are currently up to please like our facebook page.
hot news 7/31/17
i do not put much news on my site anymore but i added a instruction page on how to make a cooler incubator for ball python eggs at this link.
hot news 8/28/11
i added some new ball pythons to the  - available ball python page.
 
hot news 12/21/10
i looks like i hatched out the very first reported sterling yellow belly. he is developing his color slowly but man is it good looking. you are more than welcome to check him out at the following link - sterling yellow belly.
 
hot news 2/22/10
well i finally decided to add a ball python collection page to the site. as soon as it is finished i will add a link to it at the top of each of the pages in the navigation section. in the mean time here is a link to it so you can check it out as it is done. albey's ball python collection
 
hot news 9/21/09 
we updated the available geckos page with our incredible new project the torrid tangerine enigma.  go to the torrid tangerine enigma  section to see what we have available. we also updated the available fat-tail page with some new geckos. check out what is available here at  the available fat-tails page.
hot news 8/1/08 
on 8/1/08 another very exciting  clutch  hatched,   this time i got an incredible male super pastel yellow belly. i have made a  page that tells all about it. just click  the super pastel yellow belly page  to be taken to it.
hot news 7/19/08 
on 7/19/08 another very exciting  clutch  hatched,   this time i got some incredible female pastel mojaves. i have made a  page that tells all about it. just click  the pastel mojave page  to be taken to it.
hot news 3/30/08 
on 3/30/08 another very exciting  clutch  hatched,   this time i got a silver bullet.  i have made a  page that tells all about it. just click  the silver bullet page  to be taken to it.
hot news 9/14/07 
on 9/14/07 another very exciting  clutch  hatched,   this time it was sterling pastels and a pewter. i have made a  page that will tell all about it but right now it just has pictures. just click  the sterling pastel page  to be taken to it.
hot news 9/4/07 
on 9/4/07 my daytona acquisition arrived, the desert ball!!! i have made a  page that tells all about it. just click  the desert ball page  to be taken to it.
hot news 7/14/07 
on 7/14/07 a very exciting  clutch  hatched,   pastel yellow belly's!!!!! i have made a  page that tells all about it. just click  the pastel yellow belly page  to be taken to it.
hot news 10/27/06 
on 10/27/06 our fifth clutch of ball pythons started hatching. piebald !!!!!  i have made a  page that tells all about it. just click  the piebald page to be taken to it.
hot news 6/26/06 
on 6/22/06 our fourth clutch of ball pythons started hatching. pewter pastels!!!!!  i have made a  page that tells all about it. just click  the pewter pastel page to be taken to it.
hot news 11/16/05 
our second clutch ever hatched this week.  cinnys!!!!! on 11/6/05 our second clutch of ball pythons started hatching. i have made a  page that tells all about it. just click  the cinnamon pastel breeding page to be taken to it.
hot news 4/19/05
on 4/19/05 we officially became ball python breeders. our first clutch of eggs was laid and you can read all about it. just click the pastel breeding page to be taken to it.
the snow to carrot-tail cross is exciting because they may be the way to create a hypo snow. i have a dedicated page that you can read about them. just click snow to carrot-tail breeding to be taken to it. by the way, i have seen many more of the offspring than the ones i have pictured and they are the real deal. all of you that have asked to be notified when i offer snow's for sale will really want to take a look.
i have also created a page dedicated to the tangerine dorsal striped leopard geckos. it shows in pictures how i developed them and the progress of them so far. once again, just click tangerine dorsal striped to be taken to it.
i have finally added the best of 2003 page. i still have a few more text sections to fill in but the pictures are what you want to see any way. lol there you will find most of my breeders for the 2004 offspring. those will start being available some time later in 2005.
the final news is the start of the mack super snow page. it is a work in progress but it will give you an idea of what is going on with them. offspring will start being available late 2005.
well that's about it for now so if you see any geckos that interest you please give us a call or email us about availability. we look forward to hearing from you.
thanks again,
          albey & kathy

top






