


















cranberry township - official website | official website









  















skip to main content






















 















 






  
 
 


    government      departments      community      business      services      how do i?  


 

 

 

 

 

 





 















 






  
 


  
 











search







 
 
 



































 














	latest news
 






  
 














community days vendor registration opens soon 


become a part of ctcc community days! register as a vendor or sponsor for the three-day summer event.						read on...







brush creek facility work moves forward 


following the february 6 board of supervisors meeting, planned improvements at the brush creek water pollution control facility are progressing.						read on...







contract continues hard-to-recycle collection program 


a popular township program will grow in 2025.						read on...







parks guide preps for summer 


the winter/spring 2025 parks & recreation program guide is out now!						read on...







golf course updates to tee off 


a series of planned upgrades at cranberry highlands golf course aims to improve the clubhouse and atmosphere.						read on...







salt shed work to start 


a project to ensure the salt storage shed remains strong will proceed after the board of supervisors approved a repair contract.						read on...







franklin acres project flows forward 


a project to replace one of the township’s oldest pump stations now has contractors following the february 6 board of supervisors meeting.						read on...







great lawn gets comfortable 


as preparations are ongoing for the first summer of programming and events on the armstrong great lawn, the board of supervisors on february 6 approved the purchase of site furniture for the facility.						read on...







commitment to park project reaffirmed 


as the community park north project gains momentum, the board of supervisors has reaffirmed its commitment to its progress.						read on...







internship program welcoming applicants 


cranberry township seeks motivated and innovative students to join its summer internship program.						read on...







venango trail closed for construction 


venango trail at the municipal center will be closed until further notice for construction. all fitness classes held in this room will be temporarily relocated to other rooms within the building.						read on...







park it at the waterpark contest! 


purchase a 2025 cranberry township waterpark membership before march 31, 2025 at 11:59 p.m. and get automatically entered into a drawing to win a reserved parking space for the entire summer season!						read on...







rentals now open for cranberry township facilities 


it’s easier than ever to book a shelter, with registration heading online. rentals for 2024 opened monday, january 6.						read on...







view all news >




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














	events & activities
 






  
 










feb
24	


planning advisory commission meeting

planning advisory commission meetingread on



library board meeting

library board meetingread on






feb
27	


board of supervisors meeting

board of supervisors meetingread on






mar
3	


planning advisory commission meeting (optional)

planning advisory commission meeting (optional)read on






mar
6	


board of supervisors meeting

board of supervisors meetingread on






mar
24	


library board meeting

library board meetingread on






mar
27	


board of supervisors meeting

board of supervisors meetingread on




view all events >




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 








 
 
 

 














	stay connected
 






  
 
 










    





 
 
 



 














property finder








what are they building?










 
 














online portal








ecode 360










 
 
 



 














contact us








notify me








payments








employment










 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







cranberry township customer servicemonday - thursday, 7:30 am - 8:30 pmfriday, 7:30 am - 5:00 pmsaturdays, 9:00 am - 4:00 pmsunday, closed2525 rochester road suite 400 cranberry township, pa  16066-6499phone: 724-776-4806 contact us
 






  
 







quick links







bill payment options



building permits



monitor water usage



property finder



waste collection









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices



employee access









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 













 
 
 



 







government websites by civicplus®







 
 
 










 
 
 



 














services








public safety










 
 














parks & rec








golf course










 
 














library








business










 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









