




centro studi e museo d'arte preistorica – prehistoric studies center and  museum of prehistoric art




























salta al contenuto





cerca:







centro studi e museo d'arte preistorica

prehistoric studies center and  museum of prehistoric art










home
benvenuti al cesmap
la didattica
ifrao official web pages
contatti / download

informativa privacy e cookies
download documenti




attiva/disattiva il campo di ricerca






home
benvenuti al cesmap
la didattica
ifrao official web pages
contatti / download

informativa privacy e cookies
download documenti










la valigia del tempo – proposta on line per le scuole
articolo evidenziato



 


la pandemia di covid ha impedito alle scuole di svolgere visite didattiche, di viaggiare nello spazio, ma nulla impedisce loro di viaggiare… nel tempo! così il cesmap (centro studi e museo d’arte preistorica) di pinerolo ha preparato e propone “la… continua a leggere →


29 novembre 2020







beppe brunod – in memoriam (1948 – 2024)


beppe (giuseppe angelo) brunod in memoriam (1948 – 2024) beppe brunod – in memoriam (1948 – 2024) beppe è mancato in robilante il 20 novembre 2024, dopo una degenza breve all’ospedale di savigliano. di nobile famiglia valdostana, d’antagnod, traferitasi a… continua a leggere →


18 dicembre 2024







“save rock art” international exhibition – cesmap, vittone palace (xviii cent.) pinerolo, italy



 


“save rock art” international exhibition – cesmap, vittone palace (xviii cent.) pinerolo, italy pinerolo, italy – the baroque façade of the hospice of the catechumens, known as palazzo vittone (1740) from the name of the royal architect who designed and… continua a leggere →


5 ottobre 2024







n. 2 – press release, colophon ifrao exhibition 2024 – cesmap sixty-year anniversary. invitation to the opening ceremony of the exhibition ### n. 2 – comunicato stampa, colophon ifrao exhibition 2024 – cesmap sessantesimo anniversario. invito alla cerimonia di inaugurazione della mostra.



 


n. 2 – press release, colophon ifrao exhibition 2024 – cesmap sixty-year anniversary. invitation to the opening ceremony of the exhibition ### n. 2 – comunicato stampa, colophon ifrao exhibition 2024 – cesmap sessantesimo anniversario. invito alla cerimonia di inaugurazione… continua a leggere →


19 agosto 2024







« articoli precedenti








categorie

attività domenicali

comunicati stampa

didattica

eventi

ifrao

in memoriam

mostre

passeggiate rupestri

ricerca


meta

accedi
feed dei contenuti
feed dei commenti
wordpress.org







articoli recenti


beppe brunod – in memoriam (1948 – 2024)


“save rock art” international exhibition – cesmap, vittone palace (xviii cent.) pinerolo, italy


n. 2 – press release, colophon ifrao exhibition 2024 – cesmap sixty-year anniversary. invitation to the opening ceremony of the exhibition ### n. 2 – comunicato stampa, colophon ifrao exhibition 2024 – cesmap sessantesimo anniversario. invito alla cerimonia di inaugurazione della mostra.


iscriviti alla newsletter

email *












seguici anche su



 



 



 



 







cesmap 
centro studi e museo d'arte preistorica 
cesmap – prehistoric studies center and museum of prehistoric art
sede legale: viale giovanni giolitti 1 – 10064 pinerolo, italia
uffici: via giuseppe brignone 9 – pinerolo, italy
tel . +39 0121 794382 – tel/fax +39 0121 75547
cell. 3892835301 (museando)
web: www.cesmap.it – e-mail: cesmap@cesmap.it
www.facebook.com/cesmap
segreteria e didattica: segreteria@cesmap.it
ufficio stampa e pr: ufficiostampa@cesmap.it
biblioteca cesmap: bibliotecacesmap@gmail.com











		
			© 2025 centro studi e museo d'arte preistorica — powered by wordpress


tema di anders noren — torna su ↑




utilizziamo i cookie sul nostro sito web per offrirti l'esperienza più pertinente ricordando le tue preferenze e ripetendo le visite. cliccando su "accetta tutto", acconsenti all'uso di tutti i cookie. tuttavia, puoi visitare "impostazioni cookie" per fornire un consenso controllato.preferenzeaccetta tuttirivedi consensi




chiudi






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

sempre abilitato




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookieduratadescrizionecookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












accetta e salva


powered by 






















