mirs.news mi's leader in capitol news and trackingskip to searchskip to main content


homenewsmirs' blogjournalismpodcastlegislative monitoringmirs storeadvertising with mirs




michigan’s leader in public policy news and resources
unlock the power of michigan politics with mirs.news. our custom legislative monitoring system delivers real-time capitol updates and insights, tailored to your priorities. stay informed and effective in lansing's fast-paced environment, whether you're a public official, staffer, or policy professional.  all from the only michigan owned, managed and operated capitol news service!scroll down to learn more about our service.   
request a trial account
subscriber login
state/legislative employee signup
in-depth capitol news coverageour team of professional journalists have been recognized as among the best in the state.  our alum journalists are spread throughout the news industry and continue to impact public policy in significant ways.    
more about our journalism
customizable, targeted legislative monitoringusing the latest in web technology, mirs offers subscribers the tools they'll need to set up ongoing, gold-standard legislative monitoring and tracking reports.  don't get caught flat-footed!
read more about monitoring
breaking newsthroughout the work week, mirs informs subscribers of breaking news through sms text alerts and email alerts (based on user preference).  be sure you're in the know - with the news source insiders pick over all others. 
more details about mirs' service
what mirs does . . .

we do news to keep our customers on top of the legislative/political process . . .
few things can impact a business as fast as adverse legislation.  if your business is subject to state level regulation, taxation or other policies - you need mirs to keep you up to date on new and emerging legislation that could help or hurt your industry. currently mirs informs over 18,000 michigan businesses - read more about our journalism.  
read about our journalism

we do alerts . . .
picture this.  you’re walking into a coalition meeting over an initiative that could dramatically alter the landscape for your industry, union, association or corporation. a key news release is issued representing a political ground shift.  you know about it, because as you were walking into the meeting, a mirs alert informed you of the release.  you're better prepared than your coalition partners.  
read about mirs' monitoring functions

we do reports . . .
we use every opportunity we can to make it easy for our customers to manage information, uncover information and stay on top.  from recurring tracking reports you design, to morning executive emails summarizing all the news points and sources you need to know about.  mirs can work with you to make sure all your bases are covered, every day on every front. 
read about our report set

detailed profiles of legislative candidates and districts

every candidate . . . . . . every race - published and online
for 2024 - all 110 michigan house seats - including all primary candidates13 congressional seats - all primary candidates
visit our online store
meet the officeholders before they come to town
our team begins 20 months before the next election, collecting profiles, building out our database of candidates
demographic profiles
we give you the demographic data to truly understand where the lamwakers you are working with, come from

getting the details right whether at the local or statewide level

we don't stop at the top of state government - we cover the public policy waterfront.


millage elections proposal details and election night results
financial proposal detail provided down to the city level - we cover them all, and tell you what types of proposals are passing and what kind of proposals are not.  each election where there are local proposals on the ballot, we provide an exhaustive list of proposals and outcomes helping local units of government and k-12 leaders understand the lay of the land. 

election night coverage second to none . . .
it's election night - 2016.  one of the state's largest newspapers calls the race for president in michigan for hillary clinton.  the call came just as mirs was going over our own exit polling showing the race too close to call.  we let our subscribers know - hold on, it's not over.  that night donald trump edged out clinton.  mirs also calls key legislative races as results come in.  




services
- capitol news- legislative monitoring- bill tracking- directories & election - almanacs
world headquarters
910 w. ottawa streetlansing, mi 48915(517) 482-2125

© 2024 michigan information & research service inc. - mirs.news / all rights reserved.

