



lot publications webshop




































 





+31 180 482201

                    webshops 
                    @ 
                    hollandridderkerk.nl
                



register
log in


shopping cart
(0)








you have no items in your shopping cart.        










 




 











home page


lot publications


my account


shopping cart


contact us



lot


menu


home page


lot publications


my account


shopping cart


contact us



lot















                    welcome to the lot dissertations webshop


lot is the acronym of landelijke onderzoekschool taalwetenschap, the netherlands national graduate school of linguistics. lot unites about 400 faculty members and 300 phd and rma students and provides a meeting point to further national and international communication for the benefit of linguistic research and education. researchers from the participating institutes share knowledge, work together on theoretical and methodological matters, and discuss their data and research in seminars and lecture series and in collaborations of various other kinds. lot also has a small publishing component: the lot dissertation series. phd candidates who work at a lot institute can publish their dissertation in this series.





all lot dissertations are available as printed books and as downloadable pdf files in open access
you can search for author name, book title, lot number, promotor, and publication year
worldwide delivery of the printed books
ssl secured online payment via ideal and creditcard (mastercard/visa)






 browse the catalogue of lot dissertations  
 
support concerning (new) orders, invoicing, production and delivery of the lot-series are carried out by hollandridderkerk. if you are a bookstore or book wholesaler, we offer you a bookstore discount. please contact webshops@hollandridderkerk.nl / +31 180 482201 for further information.  
 



most recent lot dissertations:  
 
 
 
 
 
 



lot 687


lot 685


lot 681


lot 682


lot 683


lot 684














company info

about us
privacy notice
shipping & returns
conditions of use



customer services

contact us 
faq
sitemap
help



my account

customer info
addresses
orders



our offers

search





payment options

 
 








                powered by nopcommerce


            copyright © 2025 lot publications. all rights reserved.
        







