







theater extras




















































































































home



about 
                    

what is theater extras?
membership fees
how to order tickets
ticket distribution / pickup
testimonials
for producers & venues
contact us
rules and regulations
frequently asked questions
how to cancel an order
notifications / emails
decorum & common sense
is this for me?
privacy policy



buy a gift


sign up


login



















            your resource for complimentary tickets to the performing arts
www.theaterextras.com













                                    become a member of theater extras
                                

                                    your resource for complimentary tickets to the
                                    performing arts in new york and los angeles.
                                

                                    for the price of one broadway ticket, you and a guest can enjoy 365 days of theater and entertainment.
                                



click here to join today














already a member? login here








login





                forgot your password?
                 
                click here.
            









membership plans

select a membership plan below to get started today






marquis


            $99
            per year
        
up to two tickets per show
sign up 





premier


            $175
            per year
        
up to four tickets per show
sign up 













member testimonials

what our members are saying about theater extras






                        "as an actor, i strongly feel that one of the best ways to improve my work is to get out there and see the work of others. theater extras allows me to do this constantly, and for next to nothing. an added bonus is that i constantly find myself at shows i wouldn't have gone to otherwise. my window on the world of performing arts in los angeles has expanded greatly since i became a member."
                    

                        —
                        joshua l.
                        (los angeles, ca)
                    





                        "i opened up the paper today and saw the list of ovation nominees. was i surprised that 4 of the shows i had seen through theater extras had been nominated? not a bit. i guess in this economic climate, even the best of the best don't sell out every night. i'm just glad i'm getting the chance to see them for $4 a ticket."
                    

                        —
                        david p.
                        (burbank, ca)
                    





                        "i love supporting the arts when ever i can. when i can afford a full price ticket, i buy one. when i can't, i get one on theater extras and support the show with my attendance, enthusiasm, and word of mouth! thanks for providing a service that allows me to give back to the arts when i can't do it financially."
                    

                        —
                        stacy c.
                        (beverly hills, ca)
                    





                        "i've gone to a least one great concert every month since signing up with theater extras. i would never have been able to afford these tickets, let alone tickets for my friends!"
                    

                        —
                        jennifer b.
                        (los angeles, ca)
                    





                        "i joined two weeks ago and have already seen a broadway show, two off-broadway productions and a cabaret act. sensational!"
                    

                        —
                        monica p.
                        (westport, ct)
                    





                        "i just renewed for my second year. over the first twelve months i saw four broadway shows, ten off-broadway shows, six concerts and a ballet. all this for pennies on the dollar, a tremendous value."
                    

                        —
                        stacy j.
                        (astoria, ny)
                    



more testimonials 











previously booked shows

theater extras has offered tickets to hundreds of broadway shows, off-broadway shows, classical music concerts, rock concerts, ballets, operas, cabarets, lectures, sporting events, and so much more!
enter your email address below to receive a list of previously booked shows in your email.





submit


















                                    copyright © 2025 theater extras llc.
                                    all rights reserved.
                                

what is theater extras? •
                                    membership fees •
                                    how to order tickets •
                                    ticket distribution / pickup •
                                    testimonials •
                                    producers/venues •
                                    contact us •
                                    rules & regulations •
                                    faq •
                                    how to cancel an order •
                                    notifications / emails •
                                    decorum & common sense •
                                        is this for me?

                                            •
                                            join now
                                            •
                                        
privacy policy •
                                    terms and conditions



                                    questions, comments, and customer service:
                                    info@theaterextras.com
                                    or call (833) 439-8727.
                                
v3.4.9












powered by nitrosoft®www.nitrosoft.net































