







chimney damper source - chimney dampers downdraft solutions  lyemance and lock top chimney flue damper  round flue dampers













flag etiquette

		expert problem solvers
		real people

volko supply






is your
		  top sealing

800 685 8263



chimney 
damper 
source
servicing home owners & 
		contractors since 1948




205 herricks rd



garden city park, ny 11040





***home*** 
		

*about 
		us*

* quotes & prices *



		volkosupply@yahoo.com





 


















 




 




chimney 
top dampers & downdraft solutions
so your house won't 
    smell like smoke







no more "stinky" chimney

top sealing chimney damper options for almost any 
	fireplace chimney flue configuration.




need help sizing? call 800 685 8263

		 





sizes 
		up to 24" x 24" &
		custom chimney dampers

the chim-a-lator.... top 
		sealing chimney damper for larger flue sizes, odd size & oval flues, 
		flush flue applications and the popular " there is no flue, its just a 
		hole "



chim-a-lator
fireplace dampers
100% stainless steel & lifetime warranty !!!




 


    frequently asked questions

what is a fireplace damper?
a fireplace damper, usually located in the throat of a masonry chimney just 
    above the firebox, is a device that is meant to seal your fireplace shut 
    when it is not in use. this is necessary so that heated air from your home 
    will not escape up the chimney when the fireplace is not being used. an open 
    or leaky damper can add hundreds of dollars a year to your heating costs.
    
why do most 
    fireplace dampers leak?
most fireplace dampers form a metal to metal seal which even when new allows 
    air to leak through. over time, as the metal plates warp due to the effects 
    of heat and moisture, the seal worsens and more and more warm air escapes up 
    the chimney even when the damper is closed.
what is chimney draft?
chimney draft is that upward movement of air 
within the chimney that is necessary to support the efficient exhausting of flue 
gasses to the outside. it can be affected positively or negatively by a number 
of things.
what makes a 
    lyemance damper a great energy saving alternative to your original fireplace 
    damper?
the lyemance, top sealing damper seals with a silicone rubber gasket. when 
    you close our damper warm air is sealed in and cold air is sealed out. this 
    tight sealing gasket means that our damper will reduce unwanted heat loss by 
    90%. and, unlike replacement throat dampers, the lyemance dampers has a 
    lifetime warranty.
are there other energy advantages to replacing 
my old throat damper with a lock-top or lyemance top-sealing damper?
since the lyemance damper is made of cast 
aluminum it can never rust. also, it not only keeps cold air out of your house, 
but since it is mounted on top of your chimney rather than at the bottom, like 
throat dampers, it also keeps cold air out of your chimney. that means your 
chimney is kept warmer when you are not using it. so, if the lower part of your 
chimney structure is housed within the walls or living spaces of your house, 
those spaces will also remain warmer. 
what is the difference between lock-top and 
lyemance?
the main difference is in appearance. when the lock-top damper is 
closed, it’s not very visible because the lid is pulled down onto the base. it 
is more visible when opened, however, the lid provides some rain protection 
during use. even though animals aren’t likely to try to enter the flue when it’s 
in use, we also offer a lock-top ii damper, which includes a stainless steel 
chimney cap. this cap provides greater rain protection while also acting as a 
spark protection. 
the lyemance damper has a lower profile and is less visible from the ground. 
it has a power lever that, when activated, uses leverage to force the door open 
in situations where there might be frost or icing of the damper. when in use, 
this damper will allow moisture into the chimney. however, we have a chimney cap 
with screen combined with this damper to prevent this from occurring. a lyemance damper with cap will also prevent the entry of animals and birds 
while also acting as a spark arrestor.
what causes chimney fires?
chimney fires are usually caused by the 
accumulation of creosote in the chimney. creosote is a natural by-product of 
burning wood. it accumulates in the flue over time and is highly flammable. 
creosote is especially likely to accumulate when wood is not burned at the 
proper temperature. since creosote is flammable, when it accumulates on the 
walls of your flue, hot flue gasses can ignite it. the result is a chimney fire. 
depending on the condition of your chimney, such a fire can pose a significant 
threat to the rest of your house. flames from the fire can find their way 
through cracks in your clay chimney liner or mortar and ignite framing around 
the chimney. they can also spill over onto the roof and cause a fire there.






 
 




chimneys 101

info to help you understand how a 
    chimney works,
and sometimes why it won't.


firewood

some helpful info

regarding firewood do's and don'ts.   
    






call 800 685 8263 or buy online 
	at www.volkosupply.com



looking for other options?




chimney cap source 

for chimney cap solutions.


 





visit volko supply online @ 
		www.volko.com









				sitemap
check out our selection of other 
				quality products....and more!      
				

directions @ 
				google maps






weathervanes

cupolas

wood vents

in-ground cans

copper stuff























full service does still exist, and here the premium 
		is on service not on price.   1-800-685-8263


© 2005 chimney damper 
		source / volko supply co. inc


 

