












port wine | portwine.com






















 





home



vintage




colheita




tawny




l.b.v.




ruby




white




port tongs




contact





policy




























in order to proceed with any wine purchase on portwine.com, you hereby acknowledge and confirm that you are legally old enough to purchase alcoholic beverages in your state / province / country.
								all prices are in us$ and shipping cost is included in the price.
   












 









 



click on circles  below for more port styles








vintage ports 




                                            
 vintage port is the product of a single vineyard in an exceptional year. it is bottled when it is just two years old, still very full and fruity with high levels of tannin. it matures in the bottle, reaching its peak in ten, fifteen or even longer years. but you do not have to wait that long to enjoy it. vintage ports can be very enjoyable any time, at any occasion.view our selection of vintage ports 







colheita ports 




                                            
 colheita port is similar to tawny port. the word colheita means "harvest" and is made from the grapes of one single harvest year. therefore it’s not a blended port. colheita is aged for many years in small barrels and are bottled in their eighth to tenth year although most are aged much longer, some even up to a hundred years. 
view our selection of colheita ports 






tawny ports 




                                            
tawny ports are of two distinct types. the younger is usually called a "fine tawny". the other is called "aged tawny". they are blended wines brought to maturity in wood for ten, twenty, thirty, sometimes forty years, depending on the characteristics of the young port. the age of the tawny represents the average year of the ports used in the blend.
view our tawny port special selection







l.b.v. ports 




                                            
 lbv ports are ports of a single vintage and are aged in wood (casks) for four to six years. although "traditional" lbv ports may be unfined and unfiltered and aged in glass before releasing, most are filtered, and stabilized when bottled. thy are meant to be drunk when they are released, without decanting.view our lbv port special selection







ruby ports 




                                            
 ruby port is young, full-bodied, blended in the particular styles of individual port producers. it is aged for two or three years in large vats to keep oxidation to a minimum. the port retains its bright red colour and full-bodied fruitiness. premium rubys are of better quality and aged in wood for four to six years.view our ruby port special selection







aged white ports 




                                            
aged white port impresses by the harmony between the complexity of a old port (with dry fruits and spices) and its freshness (marked by yellow fruits and floral notes). it has a shiny golden colour showing very good acidity that balances with its spicy and honeyed character. the final is long and fresh, inviting for another sip.view our aged white port special selection







white ports 




                                            
 white port is made from white grapes, and should always be served cool or cold. it is a unique refreshing drink served on its own or as a drink mix. there is a range of styles of white port, from dry to very sweet and aged. always ready to drink. always refreshingly delicious.  view our white port special selection







pink ports 




                                            
 the unique new pink port has attractive floral notes underlining the pungent, aromatic raspberry fruit aromas. the palate is full of deliciously ripe cherry and raspberry fruit flavours with lovely nuances of honey and grapefruit. view our pink port special selection





















a lifestyle 10 part television documentary series about port wine

discover the history.         explore the place.          meet the people.          savour the wine 

 
watch all 10 episodes of ports to remember:



















 





























