






magicsoft corporation | bridging to the future






































home
about
solutions
services
support
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 











magicsoft corporation
provides innovative and cost-effective software solutions for your multimedia communications and cross platform collaboration needs.  whether it’s for collaborative video conferencing, distance learning or telemedicine, our robust software and skilled engineers will help you get control of today’s multimedia and collarborative networks. 
 
who we are

 



 
 
 





 



 



 



 
 
 





solutions
our software solutions designed to support your multimedia media conferencing and collaborative needs throughout business and industry.
 
 
 




video conferencing
magicsoft provides innovative and cost-effective software solutions for managing multimedia communications.
 
read more

 



collaboration
xcenter bridges the gap between the mainframe dataset architecture and windows file systems
 
 
 
 



 
 
 





 



services
magicsoft professional services provides the most comprehensive solutions with the fastest guaranteed implementation. from home networking to customized services and consulting in complex corporate computing environment, the magicsoft experts in professional services can help you take control of your environment, save time and implement faster.
 
 
 




fast & easy work
 
 
read more

 



create result
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 



support
magicsoft is working to ensure client satisfaction with our products and services.

 
 
 




take your customer service to the next level.
 
 
read more

 
 
 
 
 
 



download iphone or android app
we are diligently working on completing our iphone and android apps for all our solutions. please reserve your download below.
 
reserve

 



 
 
 



latest news
magicsoft corporation announces vc wizard version 9.2 general availability.
 
 
 

 
 


read more

 
 
 




sign me up




name


email address


message



number




submit



 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



 pages 
about us
contact
contactform
contactform2
main
price list – confidential
privacy policy
secure file upload
services
solutions
support

      
 


 

 
 
 







