





unlimited entertainment







































skip to content








to book your next event, call us (631)884-3535|unlentdj@gmail.com 

facebook 



 












 


search for:








homeabout usabout ustestimonialsservicesdj packagesmontages / tv’sphoto boothservice formsaffiliatespartiesweddingssweet 16engagement partybirthday partychildren’s partyfamily partybar/bat mitzvahcorporate and/or holiday partymusicprocessionalrecessionalgrand entrancefirst dancecake cuttingparent dancesmontagephoto gallerycareerscontact usfirst






search for:











 




 











we are... 
							 


make that special moment... 
							last forever! 
							 





 




homeunlent2024-03-06t14:40:03+00:00

the gift, of your celebrationwould you like to take your guests to a place where life’s little & big stresses melt away? where they can actually live in the moment and embrace the best life has to offer? that is what we offer you: entertainment that allows your guests to escape life’s travails for a day and truly live. unlimited entertainment offers you dj’s & entertainment with a wonderful gift. the gift to entertain in a way that is simply irresistible!
your guests can’t stop their feet from tapping. they can’t stop their legs from dancing. with years of experience entertaining thousands of people, we have learned how to read every type of crowd. we know what to play, and when to play it, to keep your guests dancing all night long.
dj packages
we create extraordinary events in which music, and entertainment merge together to delight you and your guests. we offer a variety of dj and entertainment packages that enable us to provide value at every level. to create the most memorable moment of your life.
photo-booth
the unlimited entertainment photo booth experience! let your guests enjoy fun, exciting, and silly moments as they line up to take photos non-stop with our photo booth package. our open enclosure backdrop and photo booth allow for multiple people to join in on the fun all night long!




 
 
find us on facebooktestimonials“thank you for making our wedding so much fun! we never left the dance floor, we have received so many compliments on the music. thank you for making our reception a memorable great time!”jen & matt,  nov.'09“thank you so much for turning our reception into a full-fledged party! you and your staff knew exactly what to do to get everyone out of their seats and onto the dance floor! we couldn’t have asked for anything better!”david & erin,  jun.'12“you guys were excellent, you played all the music we liked and much more! you will be highly recommended to anyone who is looking for a dj!”jackie & arty, aug.'05our happy clients!copyright © 2014 unlimited entertainment, all rights reserved

 
 
page load link



















go to top




