





bow publications: your one stop book packaging shop
















   home   about us 

 our services 


 clients 

norwood house press
cherry lake publishing
reference point press
erickson press
cengage
compass point
lerner booksenslow

 press 

 contact 








book packages tied with a “bow”
bow publications is a full-service book packager offering soup-to-nuts services for the educational publisher. bonnie szumski, publisher, and nancy stetzinger, vice president of sales and marketing, bring over 30 years of collective experience to help you meet your publishing goals. we can aid both large publishers in filling gaps in their publishing program and small publishers in developing a dynamic list of curriculum-based products.
whether it be at-level k-12 titles, hi-lo books, or advice and expertise on list development, sales/marketing, or matching product to ever-changing curriculum standards, bow can help. 

why not give us a call on your next project?
we would welcome the chance to discuss projects you may have in the works or on the drawing board.
bow publications has the expertise and know-how to deliver projects on time and to suit your company's needs. give us a try, and we can show you how we deliver the goods and wrap it with a “bow.”


"bow allowed me to start referencepoint press with basically no editorial staff..."
“bow allowed me to start referencepoint press with basically no editorial staff and produce a list that was well received by industry journals and by the library market in general. they have a very experienced team that offers full publishing services as well as sales and marketing support. i would recommend them to any publisher looking to start a business or for established publishers looking to expand their list in an efficient manner.”
	 — dan leone, publisher and founder of referencepoint press, inc.
more





your one stop book packaging shop





bow publications
10755 scripps poway parkway • san diego, ca 92131
bonnie: 858.208.7745
contact


home | 
about | 
services | 
clients | 
press | 
contact |
all rights reserved. all materials on this web site © bow publications
site design and coding by tamia



