


edna barney online















about profile pages peyton book stinson book nook guest room photoblog photo album route 66 genealogy

neddy's nook on the net

ednabarney.com
edna barney

who in the world am i?
"mid parted clouds, all silver-edged, a gleam of fiery gold, a dash of crimson-varied hues, the sunset story's told. a mirrored lake 'tween mossy banks, a lofty mountain ridge, a cottage nestling in the vale seen from a ruined bridge. a woman longing to discern beyond the gleam of gold a rush of memory, a sigh, and life's strange tale is told." ~~from "fancies" by olivia ward bush
~*~ it is quite amazing that so many people on the internet care about what neddy thinks. she has written a number of web logs (blogs) floating somewhere out there in the blogosphere, and they are all her personal opinionated palaver. neddy believes in individual rights and responsibilities, small government, free trade, a strong national defense, moral absolutes, family values, and the sanctity of all human life.
~*~ neddy describes herself as a child of god, a christian, a wife, mother and grandmother, a descendant of 31 patriots of the american revolution, and three of the "first families of virginia." she was born in 1941, to a virginian and a londoner. for twenty-seven years of her adult life, she was a cold war warrior. along with her husband and three sons, she traveled with the united states navy throughout america and the world, fighting communists and communism along the way.
~*~ neddy now fights only cats and aphids at her home in fairfax county, in northern virginia. she counts seven grandchildren amongst her ten descendants.
~*~ who am i? ~*~
search the web





         





my flickr

my amazon books

  

 

jesus loves me

e-mail

validation
 





who is she?
edna barney describes herself as "nobody." be she what she is, others have described her as a writer, historian, genealogist, "point & shoot" photographer, gardener, "senior citizen" web designer, know-it-all, and even some other unmentionables. "neddy," as she is known on the internet, lives in northern virginia with her husband, captain cliff, and her feline companions, katy blue =^..^= and cudleigh =^..^=.
    

    




neddy's guest room
edna barney at facebook
edna at twitter
edna's book nook at lulu
edna's createspace store
neddy's picasa albums



edna barney
neddy's books:
peytons along the aquia - 2nd edition
so obscure a person
peyton, of england and virginia
neddy's blogs:
neddy's palaver
neddy's vanishing memories
blogging the revolution
neddy's guest room
blog some genealogy
neddy's kitchen
neddy's wondrous world

neddy's empire:

revolution flickred tags
my barneykin
barneykin press
neddy in bloggerland
barneykin's flickr profile
barneykin's flickr albums
barneykin's flickr collections
neddy's interesting photos


photographs by barneykin:
 

kerfuffles:
edna barney is kerfuffles. or is it that kerfuffles is edna barney? only kerfuffles knows for sure.

kerfuffles
kerfuffles ii
kerfuffles and flourishes
kerfuffles at facebook
kerfuffles at twitter



neddy's mall






copyright 2008 to date, edna barney; page handcrafted with notepad, 14 april 2008; last fiddled with on 24 april 2012; made in virginia.

