







welcome - highland marina








































 






 










skip to content







1000 seminole rd.  lagrange, georgia 30240






(706) 882-3437























highland marina







marina overview

wet slips
outdoor dry storage
request a quote


boat rentals
cabins
rv sites
restaurant
about

gallery
marina store & fuel dock
events


contact us
 

request a dockage quote 












welcome to  highland marina





get a dockage quote





lease a slip





enjoy the lake














 
stay, play & make memories with highland marina
escape to lakeside serenity just one hour from atlanta 
nestled along the tranquil shores of west point lake, highland marina offers an unparalleled getaway providing excellent opportunities for fishing, camping, boating, watersports, and other recreational activities.  our full-service marina provides the perfect base camp to explore the 525 miles of shoreline on the alabama-georgia border. whether you’re looking to spend days boating across glassy waters, angling for the catch of the day, or simply disconnecting from the hustle of city life, west point lake and highland marina await.
unwind and take in the breathtaking views of georgia’s natural beauty. experience our premier marina, fuel dock, boat & cabin rentals, rv sites, boat slips, and lakeside dining at the new restaurant, captains!


explore highland marina


 
unsurpassed amenities & services






marina




marina
learn more









cabin rentals




cabin rentals
book now









boat rentals




boat rentals
book now









rv sites




rv sites
learn more









marina store




marina store
learn more









captain’s restaurant




captain’s restaurant
learn more




 
trade the city lights for starry skies in lake country
come on in, the water’s fine.



this serene paradise is home to stunning lakefront cabins and premium pontoon boats that will elevate your vacation experience! let our amenities, accommodations, and endless activities on-site and on the lake provide your launchpad into an unforgettable lake retreat.
at the heart of everything we do is a genuine love for boating and a deep appreciation for the sense of freedom and connection it brings. we’re here to help you make the most of every moment spent on the water, so you can create memories that will last a lifetime and turn your boating dreams into reality.
book now for a truly memorable escape.


rent a boatlease a slip 

photo gallery
 

browse the fun at highland marina











 
happy customers
highland marina visitor testimonials 


the staff is always friendly. beautiful lake. we usually go in the summer. the food is amazing. i definitely recommend going. we will be back.
– donna s




the new owners have put in a lot of much needed work. everything looks so much better. i look forward to visiting again!
– scotty w




looking for a home away from home? highland marina offers everything you need at a very reasonable cost. seriously, just pack a suitcase. the cabins are equipped with all the essentials and are cozy and comfortable. want to kayak or rent a pontoon? they can accommodate you there too at the marina store.
– minter k




our family rented a cabin for my sister’s birthday; the girls in the office were so sweet! i received a call making sure i would be there before they closed so i could get my key. the cabin was clean, and fishing was fun. great time with my family—already booked two cabins for july.
– linda s








 










 
follow us :












 

additional linksdockage request
boat rentals
west point lake map
lake levels
our sister property
restaurant info
 


our marina

1000 seminole rd.lagrange, georgia 30240
(706) 882-3437

info@highlandmarina.com

hours of operation
tuesday-saturday: 9am-5pm
closed: sunday & monday
 












					© 2024 - website designed by  | privacy policy 

























