







	transview map - transview









transview map
































transview



map

incidents 

current transview incidents 
pima county emergency alerts 
az 511 



commute 

sun rideshare
sun rideshare 
transit
sun tran routes & times 
sungo & fares 
sun tran trip planning 
sun tran real time map 
sun link streetcar home
sun link how to ride 
sun link schedule & fares 
bike
tucson bikeways 
theloop 
parking
park tucson 
walk safe drive safe
walk safe drive safe 
local gas prices
tucson region gasbuddy 



about pag 

about pag 
pag instagram
pag twitter
pag facebook



about rta 

rta 
rta next 
rta news 
rta maps 
rta mainstreet 
rta instagram
rta twitter
rta facebook


sign up for pag/rta news















contact us





javascript is disabled in your browser.  in order to use this site it is necessary to enable javascript.
             here are the instructions on how to enable javascript in your web browser.
        






loading...














legend


legend area














×close

how to use the map


to pan around the map, you can click and drag your mouse in the direction you want to pan.  to zoom in on the map, double click on the area you want to zoom into, or, if you have a mouse wheel, you can use that to zoom in or out.  or use the zoom in/out control in the upper left corner of the map:
                        


to turn layers on and off, click the checkbox next to the layer name in the legend: 


to zoom the regional view, press the home button. 
                            
                            to center on your location, press the location button.: 
                        




close











×close







close










disclaimer


disclaimer: the transview traveler information website is currently under development, particularly information about ongoing construction projects in the region. weather and road conditions can change rapidly, and the information reported here should not be used as the only factor in determining whether to travel in a particular area. travelers are cautioned to be alert to changing circumstances and adjust their trip accordingly.
the pima association of governments (pag) provides this information as a public service based upon data collected from local department of transportation crews, contractors, local police dispatch systems, the national weather service and through partnerships with other agencies and public transportation entities. reports are based on the information available at the time of publication and cannot be guaranteed as to accuracy or timeliness. actual conditions may vary from those reported, though every effort is made to keep information comprehensive and current.




                              do not show this message again
accept






















© 2025 - pima association of governments






