 










home - upstreampgh























































































 























 



 




 




     

 


donate




0




no products in the cart.


cart 
total:$0.00






 




our work

initiatives
projects


services
get involved

restore fern hollow
volunteer
urban ecostewards
advocate
join our team
resources


events
about us

our history
our members and sponsors


in the news
shop
 

our work

initiatives
projects


services
get involved

restore fern hollow
volunteer
advocate
resources


events
about us
our members and sponsors
news
shop
donate
join our team
 


 

 













problem solvers. 
							click here to view our new strategic plan! 
							we are  
							dedicated to climate equity and environmental justice. 
							educators, advocates, planners and builders. 
							nine mile run watershed proud. 
							stormwater innovators. 
							thinking beyond the stream and beyond the obvious. 
							upstreampgh. 
							 












nine mile run watershed association and stormworks are now








upstreampgh








healthy ecology, healthy community








at upstreampgh, we work to identify smart solutions for our environment that help people live better lives. with a heritage of restoration and stewardship of the nine mile run watershed, and strong leadership in stormwater management, our actions are rooted in our belief that a healthy ecology is the cornerstone of a healthy community.
















what we do






















engage
we work to connect people with nature for a positive impact on the environment. from schoolchildren to municipal leaders, scientists to citizens, volunteers to homeowners, a healthy community starts with education, outreach and engagement.
learn more about our initiatives and the projects that bring engagement to life.


















advocate
our watershed, our stream, our urban tree canopy, our ecosystem. they all deserve a voice. we work to advance new ideas that create change by advocating for policies and practices that further the health of our environment.
learn more about our initiatives and the projects that bring advocacy to life.


















plan/build
as a regional leader in stormwater management, we work with municipalities, homeowners, private organizations and public entities on services and infrastructure projects that are effective, environmentally responsible, and yes, beautiful.
learn more about our initiatives and the projects that bring plan/build to life.




















latest news
















live stake plantings along fern hollow creek
upstreampgh recently partnered with civil & environmental consultants, inc. to plant over 1,000 native tree and shrub live stakes in the fern hollow valley. with funding from the national fish & wildlife foundation, and a lot of help from volunteers, upstreampgh held workdays in november......


18 december, 2024 















study to evaluate impact of fern hollow bridge collapse on creek below
kdka news | jessica guay june 13, 2024 / 11:02 pm edt / cbs pittsburgh pittsburgh (kdka) — the collapse and reconstruction of pittsburgh’s fern hollow bridge harmed what’s below it: the ravine and creek in frick park. now, a major study will evaluate the impacts......


18 june, 2024 











latest project


















gsi performance monitoring dashboard
in the fall of 2021, the upstreampgh team began working with ethos collaborative to install monitoring equipment at our green stormwater infrastructure sites. this dashboard built by civicmapper and ethos shows the live data and performance metrics collected by these sensors.
























contact us upstreampgh – office address
321 pennwood avenue
suite 202
pittsburgh, pa 15221
upstreampgh – mailing address
po box 8630
pittsburgh, pa 15221
email: info@upstreampgh.org
phone: (412) 371-8779
fax: (412) 243-7962

 



stay in touch 



monthly newsletter












 



show your supportdonate 














© copyright upstreampgh























































































