






furniture manufacturers taylorsville nc

















































































home
about us
products

sofas
sectionals
chairs
recliners
leather works
ottomans


custom options

design your own
fabrics

crypton fabrics
regular line fabrics
sunbrella fabrics
performance fabrics


leathers
wood finishes
base options
nailhead options


jobs
contact us
dealer login























professionally handcrafted




because there just isn’t a better way to make high-quality, custom-built furniture.








the purchase of a piece of furniture can help make memories that last a lifetime: the comfy chair, the sofa for a nap after a thanksgiving dinner, the living room set for the fellowship of friends and family. masterfield furniture creates beautiful furniture for the aesthetically-minded, and helps to make homes livable and memorable.
building custom-built, handcrafted furniture is something in which we take great pride. we don’t just use the 8-way hand-tie method of spring-suspension, we use steel-bands at the base for our springs in both directions for sturdier seating, much longer-lasting durability and higher quality.









at masterfield furniture, we custom make furniture for you! we handcraft sofas, loveseats, chairs, sectionals, sleepers, ottomans, swivel rockers, and more.all of our furniture is available in hundreds of beautiful fabrics with your choice of trims, skirts, pillows, and cushions! masterfield’s high quality construction ensures that your furniture will last for many years.



































































































we are back at the high point furniture market in our new showroom. come see us!
108 & 110 e. mlk drive (ground floor)high point, nc 27260







browse some of our products







chairs





recliners





sofas







sectionals





ottomans





leather works








address
6463 church rd. taylorsville, nc 28681
phone: (828) 632-8535

view our privacy policy



 











* all product information and images contained within this site is property of masterfield furniture company of taylorsville, nc, and may not be used without permission.



 


























