


home - alpha sigma alpha


   open main navigation         support the future of alpha sigma alpha! donate today
   to elevate the influence of women in the world 
                alpha sigma alpha
                         
        alpha sigma alpha's purpose
        to cultivate friendship among members who are known for their character and concern for others.
  learn more about aσa our rich history of extraordinary women started by five innovative women in 1901, alpha sigma alpha has grown into a vibrant sorority. our history captures more than 100 years of supporting and elevating the influence of women.  our history       
            what makes an alpha sigma alpha woman unique
         alpha sigma alpha elevates the influence of women in the world. we inspire women to lead, to serve and most of all to make a difference.  balance to live a well-rounded life  generosity to give of myself  learning to expand my mind  relationships to build strong bonds of friendship  learn more about joining    more than sisterhood alpha sigma alpha fosters an empowered community of women. we aspire to elevate the influence of women as they continue to improve the world around them.  build meaningful connections each year, collegiate women across the country join alpha sigma alpha. enhance your collegiate experience by viewing the resources and tools available to all members.   collegiate experience    growth through giving we believe in serving communities through hands-on service and supporting our three philanthropic partners. alpha sigma alpha members have an impact on the lives of those around them. service & giving        
            find a chapter near you
         alpha sigma alpha has more than 180 chapters and associations and more than 78,000 lifetime members across the united states.
 learn more  
  lifelong bonds  alpha sigma alpha membership is a lifelong experience. after graduation, there are many was to continue membership. from joining an alumnae group to volunteering for a local chapter, there are endless ways to continue building your alpha sigma alpha legacy.
 alumnae experience  
            alpha sigma alpha events
         alpha sigma alpha holds a wide variety of events each year, and there are many opportunities for all members to attend, connect and learn.
 
                        local chapter
                       southeastern michigan alumnae chapter rekindle meeting february 16, 2025 at 3:00 pm est as we look to reinvigorate our alumnae chapter, we are hosting a zoom meeting to talk about our status, executive board positions, possible programmin...  
                        local chapter
                       arizona alumnae zoom meeting february 23, 2025 at 7:00 pm mst join the arizona alumnae sisters for a monthly zoom meeting. email asa.azalumnae@gmail.com for more informati...  
                        local chapter
                       breakfast in the burg' april 12, 2025 at 10:00 am est join the tampa bay alumnae in st. petersburg, fl, for breakfast and the saturday morning market! contact lisa...   see more events    aσa foundation empowering members to impact future generations, change lives and influence the world.
 scholarships & grants the alpha sigma alpha foundation believes that learning should last a lifetime, and our commitment to that belief is carried out through scholarships available to students pursuing undergraduate and graduate degrees. members enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree program next academic year are eligible. designated scholarships are also available to non-members. learn more    give back your gifts allow the foundation to continue its efforts to develop women and elevate their influence. the work of the foundation has the power to impact all members.  learn more     learn more about the aσa foundation  
  show your aσa pride!  crimson collections is a one-stop shop for members to browse alpha sigma alpha apparel, accessories, gifts, jewelry and so much more! you can browse products or contact a vendor to a design custom order to fit your needs.
 shop now        
            is your information up to date?
         if you are a member of alpha sigma alpha, don’t forget to keep your information updated so you never miss an email or issue of the phoenix!
 update your information need more information? need more information? we are here to help! contact us if you have any questions about alpha sigma alpha or our resource.
  contact us  update your information           
                                9002 vincennes circle,
                                indianapolis, in 46268-3018
                             
                                ph: (317) 871-2920 
                                fax: (317) 871-2924
                             myaσa log inofficer portalchapter locatorcontact us join  chapter locatorcollegiate experience  chapter commitments member portals and support membership education new member referral terminologyalumnae experience  update your information form alumnae dues alumnae initiation be involved legaciesabout  timeline service & giving dei national headquartersalpha sigma alpha foundation  foundation about foundation scholarships & grants foundation give back foundation volunteering foundation donateevents & programming alpha sigma alpha news & media  alpha connect sisterhood series podcast alpha sigma alpha brandshop  © alpha sigma alpha legal brand guidelines privacy policy terms of use


