






diversified investment services | florida note buyer | cash flow business — helping investors and brokers succeed in the cash flow business using real estate notes and invoice factoring!



 





































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerdiversified investment serviceshelping investors and brokers succeed in the cash flow business using real estate notes and invoice factoring!home
about

about diversified
about fred rewey
about tracy z rewey


cash flow info

cash flow business
note industry resources
real estate notes
invoice factoring
articles


florida note buyer

quote request
faq


contact us
show searchsearch this website hide searchmain contentcash flow matters
diversified investment services is a valuable resource for investors and brokers working with real estate notes, invoice factoring and other cash flow notes.

learn about us

how the cash flow industry works


cash flow businesswelcome to the world of cash flow notes where people can make money as either a broker, consultant, or investor.

but first, just what is the cash flow business?



the essence of the cash flow … continue reading about cash flow business
invoice factoringwhen a business needs cash but doesn’t want to borrow money they often turn to invoice factoring. rather than a bank loan, the business sells the right to receive payment on outstanding invoices to an … continue reading about invoice factoring
real estate notesyou’ve picked a good time to learn about selling and buying real estate notes!

with the struggling economy and failing banks the need for seller financing and note buyers is on the rise.



in … continue reading about real estate notes
we buy notes in florida


 diversified investment services buys seller financed mortgage notes in florida.
to receive a note buyer offer on a fl real estate note please request a quote.
request a quote


we provide resources


the note business
discover how note buyers and brokers are using real estate notes to realize income today and create cash flow for the future!
noteinvestor.com


the factoring business
use accounts receivable factoring to help business owners sell invoices for cash now to earn a factoring fee as a broker or factor.
factoringinvestor.com


online solutions
want to expand your business online? we have online marketing solutions tailored to your cash flow business needs.
learn more


 want to talk to real people? contact us here


footerresources
noteinvestor.com
directory of note buyers
factoringinvestor.com
directory of factoring companies
noteinvestingtools.com
notebuyersites.com
factoringwebsites.com


florida note buyer
diversified investment services buys seller financed mortgage notes in florida. to receive a note buyer offer on a fl real estate note please request a quote.


get in touch
diversified investment services, inc.
7512 dr. phillips blvd., #50-250
orlando, fl 32819
contact us by email!


[footer_backtotop]privacy policy . . . .contact us . . . log in












