







if home - infinity foundation











































































menu

about us

organization
history and mission
rajiv malhotra
lectures, blogs, papers
press kit
media coverage
grants

current
wisdom
compassion
historical
call for proposals
applications
projects
e-courses
events




research

mandala gateway
educational council on indic traditions
history of indian science & technology
consciousness studies
ecology
education
ethics & human rights
history
religion
science & technology
women’s issues


donate
store
newsletter
if india

infinity foundation india
swadeshi indology
donate to if india


faqs
contact
 



















if home


welcome to infinity foundation
 









who is raising your children ? grand launch with dattatreya hosabalewatch nowdoes india need a 'hindu deep state?' | in conversation (hindi) with  new jpluswatch nowvivek agnihotri : " rajiv malhotra is pioneer and leader"watch nowmy blessing to rajiv malhotra | pujya yagnavallabha swami | baps north americawatch nowquestions that parents must ask educators | who is raising your children?watch nowhidden dangers of western education models | vijaya viswanathan | who is raising your children?watch nowwho is raising your children? our new book | ‘a masterful exposé!’watch nowturmoil in the west : a bold vision for the future with rajiv malhotra with ariel whitmanwatch nowforeign surveillance of kumbh ? | kumbh 2025watch nowask rajiv & the experts : rajiv malhotra & other industry experts answer your questionswatch now 

 

 











​​
infinity foundation is a non-profit organization based in princeton (usa), focused on research and education. it specializes in the field of civilization studies applying the dharma lens to examine a broad range of topics. it disseminates its unique research findings through books, videos and public events.
the foundation seeks to create dialogue that breaks out of the dualities of anti- and pro- globalization forces, of the right vs. the left, of secularism vs. religion, of science vs. spirituality, of economic growth vs. ecological preservation. globalization can be a positive force but it cannot simply be translated to westernization of the planet – in cultural norms, in academic frameworks, in knowledge systems and in definitions of progress and patterns of development. to do so has enormous ecological implications in both biological and cultural terms. to create a global family, a “vasudhaiva kutumbakam”, requires that indigenous non-western civilizations get a seat on the table as equals in crafting the frameworks of discourse, rather than simply being used as exotic artifacts to be plugged into an overall euro-centric framework. revitalizing the indic discourse and helping india find its own voice in this dialogue is a key part of the mission.
the foundation has given over 400 grants for research, education and philanthropy, including grants to leading institutions of higher education, specialized research centers, as well as grants to many individual scholars. it has also organized several conferences and scholarly events in usa and india to bring out a balanced view of the many positive contributions from the indian civilization.
the foundation has published game-changing original research that is widely disseminated through books, blogs and social media. it has a defined set of themes and goals in which it strives to be the leading think tank.






 
















 






bookstore 












 







shop now










 

 






contribute  












 







donate now










 

 






newsletter 












 







read now










 




				©2025 infinity foundation | all rights reserved - powered by: pogaltd.com






 
















































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.oknoprivacy policy


