






ferret haven by the sea













 
 

a 501(c)3 ferret rescue and shelter facility!
 
 


 
 

  
 
 



home  
adoptions

about adoptions
application


donations
about ferrets

ferret faq's

adv

about adv
adv testing
help in adv research
information on adv testing


disaster preparedness

powerpoint
              slideshow version
pdf version


showing your ferret
black footed ferret
contact us
 
 





 
ferret haven by the sea is a non-profit no-kill animal shelter
                which is dedicated to helping ferrets, and educating the public
                in the proper care and treatment of ferrets. we take in lost,
                unclaimed, or owner-released ferrets and place them in homes.
                if the ferret is sick, veterinary care is provided before adoption.
                all ferrets are current on their distemper shots. if a ferrets'
                health or age does not allow for adoption, we care for that ferret
                until its natural death. we never put a ferret to sleep because
                we could not find him/her a home.
 
for a kit (up to 9 months old) the adoption fee is $80.00, for
                adult ferrets the adoption fee is $60.00, and for an older ferret
                the adoption fee is $40.00. in some cases where a pair can not
                be separated, the fee is $90.00. 
there is a mandatory owner-release fee of $25. the release fee,
                in conjunction with completing the release form is to cover the
                cost of vaccinations and veterinary care for the ferret. 
you can contact  ferret haven "by-the-sea" at the
                phone number on the contact
                us page or by email at
                fhbythesea@ferrethaven.org.
 
ferret haven "by-the-sea" serves the southeastern
                part of virginia. we do not ship ferrets and the shelter is open
                by appointment only. 
not close to us, but located in the state
                of virginia? there are quite a few shelters scattered throughout
                the state. richmond area:

 richmond ferret rescue league
                  marlene
                  blackburn, director. 804-276-3905. 
                  email:
                  va_fert_resq@hotmail.com or
                  
                  richmondfert@aim.com.
bonnie russell at washington metro area ferret outreach
www.wmafo.org
                  email:  
                    info@wmafo.org
other places to find a shelter: www.ferretcentral.org or www.ferret.org






 




make a donation

















ferret haven "by the sea" depends upon
                    public donations to continue its work. you can help!  making
                    a donation through paypal's or givedirectsecure server is fast and easy,
                    and when we receive your donation, we will send you an
                    acknowledgement in the mail for tax purposes. click one of the above buttons to make a donation.  thank you for your
                    support! 











visit our stores



 










 

copyright 2003©. ferret haven by the
      sea. 
      all
    rights reserved.
privacy policy 
 
 





