




 


abate of illinois, inc - home



























home


join us


donate







log in





















remember me


forgot password








 
                               
 



home



on the web




our mission




executive board







join us




contact



subscribe to emails







events




swap meet




newsletters




state bike raffle



2024 bike raffle winners




bike raffle 2024-2025 schedule







chapters



northwest region



kishwaukee valley







northeast region



will county chapter







west central region



lincolnland chapter







east central region



prairieland chapter




ten mile creek chapter







southwest region




southeast region







store




donate




advocacy



abate positions




voter's guide




legislation tracker




abatepac




rich neb award




legislator of the year




stop helmet bills







members



log in




proclamations









what is abate?
a brotherhood aimed toward education ensures that the rights and freedoms enjoyed by motorcyclists/off-roaders/atv riders in illinois will not disappear. abate believes that freedom of choice is one we can’t lose and will work with state and local legislators to ensure that freedom is never lost for motorcyclists in the state of illinois. abate will ensure that motorcycles are a primary mode of transportation in illinois and see to it that motorcyclists are included in all aspects of transportation planning in the future.










 
abate of illinois swap meet - march 16, 2025 - click here

chapter 990's can be found here










  join abate of illinois today!  
abate of illinois is one of the largest motorcycle & rider rights organizations in the world. help support the rights of motorcyclists & off road riders by joining a leader today.
join us

already a member of abate? head over to the log in page to access your online profile, or request one to be set up.you must log-in to renew your membership. if you don't remember your log-in credentials, email secretary@abate-il.org

spotlight events



america/chicago
abate of illinois motorcycle swap meet

march 16, 2025 8:00 am


illinois state fairgrounds orr building



america/chicago
lincoln land abate freedom fest

may 02, 2025


the kampground mechanicsburg, il



america/chicago
abate of illinois freedom rally

may 04, 2025 8:00 am


illinois department of transportation parking lot springfield, il





abate on the web

abate of illinois can be found on many different platforms.

website - abate-il.org
visit us on facebook
check out our instagram
follow abate on x
view our youtube channel


upcoming events



america/chicago
state line riders abate broomstick pool tournament

february 22, 2025 10:00 am


silo pub watseka, il



america/chicago
chicago abate 37th annual chili cook-off

february 22, 2025 12:00 pm


river park moose lodge river grove, il



america/chicago
eastern illinois abate broomstick pool tournament

february 22, 2025 12:00 pm


shooters bar & grill rantoul, il



america/chicago
freedom riders abate couples pool tournament

february 22, 2025 12:00 pm


joe's centralia, il



america/chicago
central illinois abate cabin fever party

february 22, 2025 6:00 pm


cactus country galesburg, il




 
         abate of illinois legal services         abate of illinois legal services are provided by rod taylor of the law firm christopher & taylor.         rod has been involved in motorcyclist's rights issues for many decades and has experience in                         personal injury,  wills, and many other legal matters that may occur. abate of illinois members get                 discounted services including estate planning. you can learn more at https://www.abatelegal.com/

     abate of illinois lobbyist  
 abate of illinois is represented by josh "ski" witkowski and xln services as our lobbyist. xln services  was founded by josh witkowski. after over 20 years of working with various grassroots groups and  political campaigns at all levels from alderman to president, josh decided to start a firm dedicated to  providing specialized services needed for organizations to thrive in a modern environment. you can  learn more at www.xlnservices.com. 



































fighting for the rights of all riders - abate of illinois











abate of il - state officeoffice: (309) 343-6588toll free: (800) 87-abate   (800) 872-2283

po box 526avon, il 61415-0526
 










powered by wild apricot membership software







