



gourmet news home - gourmet newsgourmet news
















































































home

subscribe

new natural products

news

regulatory issues

gourmet newswire

gourmet newswire archive

this month’s issue

about us



retailing news

retailer profiles

specialty distributors & brokers

specialty retailers

subscription delivery services



gourmet food

baked goods

beverages

beer

coffee

drinking chocolate

juices

sodas

tea

wine & spirits



condiments and sauces

confections

chocolate



dairy

frozen desserts

fruit & vegtables

grains

heat and serve

jams & jelllies

meats and poultry

mixes

oils & vinegars

pasta & sauces

pickles

plant-based protein

produce

seafood

snack foods



global cuisine

american

asian

greek

italian

latin



special diets

allergy friendly

all natural

dairy free

gluten free

halal

kosher

low calorie/sugar-free

non gmo

organic

vegetarian/vegan



2022 media kit

contact

reaching our editors

back issues

























good2grow launches its biggest national sweepstakes
good2grow, a leading beverage and snack brand for kids, is helping families embark on a mess- and meltdown-free travel season with the revival of the on the road campaign. for the third year, the campaign will stir up smiles with its biggest national sweepstakes yet, digital resources for families heading out on their road trip adventures and a partnership with make-a-wish georgia to grant wishes. read more.

good2grow launches its biggest national sweepstakes
good2grow, a leading beverage and snack brand for kids, is helping families embark on a mess- and meltdown-free travel season with the revival of the on the road campaign. for the third year, the campaign will stir up smiles with its biggest national sweepstakes yet, digital resources for families heading out on their road trip adventures and a partnership with make-a-wish georgia to grant wishes. read more.

seven & i holdings rebuffs alimentation couche-tard inc.
the chair of seven & i holdings, stephen dacus, says the board is rejecting the offer from alimentation couche-tard inc. to buy the company for a reported $39 billion. read more.

us foods expands feeding america partnership
us foods holding corp., one of america’s largest foodservice distributors, has an expanded national partnership with feeding america, the largest hunger-relief organization in the united states. as part of us foods’ recently enhanced “helping communities make it” hunger-relief programming, the company will grant feeding america $750,000 to expand the organization’s highly innovative direct to neighbor locker project into seven additional communities by the end of 2024. read more.

for good (eating): betty crocker launches ‘wicked’ mix
to celebrate universal pictures’ spectacular film adaptation of “wicked,” the beloved stage musical that has thrilled and delighted audiences for two decades, betty crocker is unleashing two new “wicked”-inspired treats that are sure to be popular among baking and theater fans — betty crocker’s first-ever “mix-to-reveal” kits for cookie dough pops and cupcakes! read more.

hain celestial sells parmcrisps to our home
hain celestial group, a leading global health and wellness company whose purpose is to inspire healthier living through better-for-you brands, has completed the sale of its parmcrisps snack brand to independent wholesome snacks company, our home. the transaction further optimizes hain’s better-for-you portfolio and streamlines its supply chain to drive greater operational efficiency and margin expansion. proceeds from the sale will be used to pay down company debt. read more.

albertsons debuts overjoyed, overjoyed boutique lines
albertsons companies, inc. has introduced its newest own brand, overjoyed , marking the company’s first major private label debut in recent years. designed to inspire and elevate every occasion, overjoyed offers shoppers a curated selection of colorful and tasty products including cupcakes, candles and liners; cookies; chocolatey trail mixes; cheesecakes and sprinkles. an extension of overjoyed, overjoyed boutique features decorative vases, candles and seasonal gifts to make every day sparkle. read more.

buckeye vodka teams with ohio state athletics department
buckeye vodka, the #1 ohio-made vodka, has secured a sponsorship with the ohio state university department of athletics, beginning august 2024. for the first time, buckeye vodka is a proud sponsor of ohio state athletics, brokered through the departments multi-media rights partner learfield, the media and technology company powering college athletics. read more.

sfa, tastemaker conference converge at winter fancy food show
the specialty food association is aligning with tastemaker conference, which will co-locate its annual gathering of food bloggers and content creators with the 49th winter fancy food show in january 2025. the first major expo in the food industry’s cycle, the winter fancy food show will showcase thousands of specialty food and beverage products from domestic and global suppliers, with an emphasis on new-to-market and trend-centric artisanal goods. read more.

bonne maman launches 2024 limited-edition advent calendar
bonne maman, america’s #1 premium preserves brand is bringing surprise and delight to all this holiday season with the return of its highly anticipated 2024 limited-edition advent calendar – its eighth advent season to date! read more.

imperial dade acquires nevada’s inland supply co.
imperial dade, a leading north american distributor of foodservice packaging supplies, industrial products and janitorial supplies, has acquired inland supply co. the transaction represents the 92nd acquisition for imperial dade under the leadership of robert tillis and jason tillis, chairman and ceo of imperial dade, respectively. financial terms of the private transaction were not disclosed. read more.





















contact | 
copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.




theme by erik slack.








