





















schutzhund village






schutzhund village




 











if you are interested in training with armin winkler,

click here or here


2015 fall trial!
rivanna schutzhund & police club hosted our fall ipo trial with sv judge ferdi diermayr 
november 27-29, 2015.  members and guests earned six new bhs, three new ipo 1s, an ipo 2, an 
ipo 3, and three repeat ipo 3s.  congratulations to
all the competitors for their hard work and sportsmanship.
this marks the 22nd trial our club has hosted since our first in 2003.  in that time
our members, most of whom came to schutzhund village as beginners in the sport, have had many successes and a few "learning experiences."  
members have now earned more than 100 new schutzhund/ipo titles, which
is a very considerable achievement, and demonstrates the skill of our training director; and the patience,
perseverance, and good sportsmanship of everyone.  most our handlers had never trained a dog in
a competitive dog sport before they came here.

trial results...


2015 winter trial!
rivanna schutzhund & police club hosted an ipo trial with sv judge heinz balonier 
january 24-25, 2015.  

trial page...   


2014 summer trial!
rivanna schutzhund & police club held our 2014 summer trial june 28-29 with 
sv judge günther müllegger.  we split the schedule so that the 
dogs could work in the cooler morning and evening hours, and it worked out well.  
eleven teams started, and all deserve praise for their hard work and sportsmanship.  we 
finished with two new ipo 1s, four new ipo 2s, two repeat ipo 3s, and three 
bhs.  we had visiting teams from new england, california, and quebec.

trial page...   
trial results...


2014 winter trial!
rivanna schutzhund & police club held our 2014 winter trial january 18-19 with 
sv judge ferdinand diermayr.  the weather cooperated, with conditions perfect for the dogs, and the
(bundled up) spectators.
eleven teams started, and all deserve praise for their hard work and sportsmanship.  we 
finished with three new ipo titles, a new fh 1, and four bhs.  our visiting team from tidewater brought with them a large contingent who considerably added to
the gemütlichkeit with their enthusiastic support for all the dogs and handlers.

and, as always, thanks to everyone who
helped out: helper, tracklayer, & major organizer armin, tracklayer max, secretary anita, 
the obedience group, and of course, everyone who contributed food for our once again memorable lunches and judges
dinner.

trial results...
    trial pictures...

dvg trial!

march 16-17, 2013 schutzhund village hosted a trial for the royal city schutzhund & dogsporting association with
 dvg judge dunja schmid.  an impressive total of 22 dogs started, with an even more impressive total of 20 passing, most earning new
 titles.
trial page...   
trial results...


2012 fall trial!
rivanna schutzhund & police club held our 2012 fall trial october 26-28 with sv judge rudolf gimpel.

trial results...


2012 spring trial!
rivanna schutzhund & police club held our 2012 spring trial april 6-8 with sv judge ferdinand diermayr.  we finished with 4 new bhs, 3
new ipo 1s, 2 new ipo 3s, a new fh 1, and a new fh2.  congradulations to all the handlers for their hard work and good sportsmanship.
the weather was perfect for dogs and handlers, tracking conditions were excellent, 
and, as usual, the food was great.  thanks to our judge, herr diermayr all the way from bavaria; max and chris for laying the fh and ipo 3 tracks; 
fiona, our trial secretary; and, of course, armin and max for their helper work.
this was our 17th trial since our first in 2003 and continued our tradition of handler owner trained dogs and hospitality to guests 
and non-traditional breeds.  from our club we had 2 dobes, 1 riesenschnauser, 2 presa canarios, 1 mix, and 4 german shepherds.  and, all
the way from baltimore, our guest earned a new ipo 3 with a cane corso.
trial results...
    trial pictures...


dvg nationals!

ron and guyot went to north little rock, arkansas, for the 2010 dvg national championship, placing 4th with a 
score of 96 93 90 279 sg.  they
also won the trophy for high southeast kg competitor.  arkansas schutzhund club did a fine job of hosting, with a river boat cruise, unlimited hospitality 
for practice at their beautiful club field, a great venue 2 blocks walk from the host hotel, and an 
all-around well organized trial.   oh, and somehow they managed to arrange perfect weather.  thanks to all who organized, judged, laid tracks, 
did the unglamorous grunt work, and, of course,
the helpers for a great event.
trial results...
    trial pictures...


schutzhund village perpetual trophy in memory of va lars von wilhendorf schh iii, 
fh is awarded to the high handler owner trained team at each trial hosted by schutzhund village.
schutzhund village training director's award in memory 
of wasko vom küchenhorn schh 3 fh is awarded to each hot team trained at schutzhund village 
when they earn their first working title.
schutzhund iii club
a team who earns all of their titles together, and have done substantially all of their training
in the schutzhund village group or its predecessors, become members of our schutzhund iii club 
upon earning the schh iii title.

 
 

© schutzhund village 2003-2014





