




no voice unheard

























































home
the cause
your pupils
who we are
blogs
 






















 





meet kaya 

our rescue mascot 

read kaya's story 

 







meet maximus 

praesent eu magna 

read the article 

 



 











latest news and blog posts
 
complete beginner guide to the ultimate vaping experience
june 29, 2021june 11, 2021
 

the more complex and advanced device you will use, the more difficult it will be for you to vape. that is why a lot of experts say that simple vape devices are not inferior instead they are way better than the complex and highly modified devices. if it is your first vaping experience or if you have been vaping from a long time and unable to enjoy it then follow the simple steps given below.

get a basic vape kit – it depends upon your budget that whether you want a fancy and customized kit or you want a simple-looking device that gives the same vaping experience. however, before you add a vaping device to your cart, you need to know which one suits the best according to your need as well as offers the best vaping experience. you will get vape devices in four basic categories i.e. e-cigarettes, pod vapes, all-in-ones (aios) and disposable e-cigs.  you can do a good google homework on all four types and find out the best one for you. you can also sort out the option that has pre-filled liquid or not. however, even if it is your first time then you don’t have to worry about how you will re-fill the vape juice as each of these products come with instruction manuals with a diagrammatic explanation.
buy the best e-liquid from a reputed brand – visit this vape shop that has a good rating and is recommended by professional vapors because you don’t want to hurt your throat with lower quality vape juices. you can choose from hundreds and thousands of flavors whichever soothes your tongue. but when it comes to choosing the nicotine amount in your juice you need to pick the best one for you. usually, professional vapers do a lot of maths in choosing the right amount of nicotine in their salt or juice but you can simply choose from three categories mentioned below.


high level – 12 mg – 60 mg of nicotine but with lesser clouds
medium level – 6 mg – 12 mg of nicotine and cloud creation would be of a medium amount
low level – if you want bigger clouds then go with lower nicotine level i.e. 0mg to 6 mg.

however, if you don’t know how many levels of nicotine you should get in these particular categories then simply stick to the base rule i.e. the heavier smoking habits you have, more should be the level of nicotine while people with lesser smoking habits can choose lower nicotine levels too.                  

inhaling the vape – the very first vaping experience would be like a make or break situation by the way you inhale it. you could either end up coughing or get to feel the smoothest breadth in your life. so, it is important to do it properly. there are two ways to inhale vape i.e. mouth to lung (mtl) and other is direct to the lung. if you are choosing mtl then try to take it slow by breathing the vapor in your lungs and exhaling it out smoothly. if you want to do it directly with lungs then you have to quickly draw the vapor in your lungs and exhale it out immediately.

 



no voice unheard
our dedication towards catssorting out abandonment
cats are some of the most abandoned pets out there. many of them end up on the roads and they fail to survive, while others adapt. unfortunately, for many, cats are nothing but christmas presents.  read morepreventing cat multiplication
cats in the wilderness (often known as city cats) are not spayed, so many of them end up having a few litters a year. a couple of cats can lead to over 100 stray cats in one year, as they can have a litter while still young.  read more
preventing abuse
here at no voice unheard, we answer emergency calls and try to sort out abusive actions against cats. some of the guilty people have been convicted already, so we are doing the right thing. read more

sorting out dog related problemsa dog is not just for christmas
if you cannot commit to walking your dog a few times a day or taking some chewing, you might be better with a toy dog. abandonment is high when it comes to dogs, so we try to solve it through education.  read morepreventing dog multiplication
city dogs can multiply quite fast in the wilderness. we try to neuter stray dogs in the attempt to prevent their multiplication on city streets. we also try to educate dog owners and teach them the benefits of spaying their pets. read more
finding warm homes
whether it comes to dogs born on the street, stray dogs, abandoned dogs or dogs in shelters, we try to find a warm home for everyone, so share our projects to reach a wider audience. read morerescue animals gallery


these are some of our most successful cases. whether they have been abandoned, abused or close to death, these beautiful souls have been treated. fortunately for them, we have also found loving homes for them.these are some of our most successful cases. whether they have been abandoned, abused or close to death, these beautiful souls have been treated. fortunately for them, we have also found loving homes for them.



















animals before   entertainment

















							© 2019 no voice unheard. all rights reserved. 						
home
the cause
your pupils
who we are
blogs

























