







	employee recognition gifts | corporate christmas gifts | choose-your-gift








































































skip to main content












user



gift



info





checkmark



plus



minus



search



arrow-right2



arrow-left2



arrow-down2



arrow-up2



bell



warning





filter



print



shopping-cart





arrow-back



chevron-thin-up



chevron-thin-right



chevron-thin-left



chevron-thin-down



chevron-small-up



chevron-small-right



chevron-small-left



chevron-small-down



chevron-right



chevron-left



chevron-down



chevron-up



mail



phone



arrow-right



arrow-left



arrow-down



arrow-up



zoom-in



zoom-out



close



pinterest



instagram



google-plus



facebook



twitter



youtube



share



sort-asc



sort-desc



play



pause











choose-your-gift












call us






the site navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. up and down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier links. enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.





									gift catalog
								 





									give a gift
								 



choose a gift program



choose a gift program




print gift certificate




digital gift certificate





corporate gifts


employee appreciation gifts



healthcare worker gifts




government employee gifts




teacher appreciation gifts





holiday business gifts


safety recognition awards


work anniversary gifts






									redeem
								 





									about us
								 



about us


why choose us


our blog


contact us


faq






									my account
								 



login


register






									choose a gift program
								 























choose-your-gift®: the home of employee recognition gifts
take the guesswork out of corporate gifting with america’s premier gift service.
give a gift redeem certificate












at choose-your-gift®, we provide a flexible, fun way to recognize and reward your employees and partners. go beyond the traditional one-size-fits-all gift with our curated selection for a truly personal experience for your employees.
choose from over 50,000 brand name gifts refreshed daily to ensure stock availability, from electronics, appliances, housewares, sports equipment, toys and games to travel experiences, digital offerings, jewelry, watches, and more.








corporate gifting made simple
choose your gift makes corporate gift-giving easy and personal. it’s like your own personalized reward store and best of all, it’s easy to integrate with your system and keep track of metrics and rewards.
immediate employee recognition
simple to use, choose from three different plans: print, digital or premium. you can customize plans based on price level, with over 20 price points to choose from. our premium plan offers tailored service with enhanced options, guidance, and support.





gift emails







digital gift certificates
with our digital choose-your-gift® program you can reach anyone, anywhere.  recipients receive an ecyg email from you with a link containing their redemption code and pin which allows them to immediately go online to select their gift.
learn more









 

how it works: a gift plan that adapts to you


1 


20 gift levels $25 - $5,000
50,000+ brand name gifts
includes delivery in the us

explore gift catalog


2 


e-gift certificates distribute by email, usps or in person presentation
immediate access to gift level
no hidden fees

choose a plan


3 


manage your account with ease
automatic acknowledgement/tracking
redemption reports

manage account








your employees are your most valuable asset
choose-your-gift® is committed and well-positioned to be your online business gift service for employee recognition gift plans and other corporate gifts. our digital plan, ecyg, offers your organization the necessary online tools to assist in rewarding your employees and clients during the holiday season. choose from over 50,000 name-brand products, perfect for company christmas gifts to reward employee's extraordinary performance during these challenging times. 
contact us today so we can help you set up a employee recognition gift plan that meets your company holiday gift needs.

covid-19






employee appreciation programs
employee recognition programs help motivate and engage your employees. highlight your star employee or an entire team with thoughtful employee gifting. once employees have their link and redemption code, they can search the catalog for the perfect gift.
employee gifting programs are an incredibly versatile tool for your employee engagement initiatives. they can be beneficial in virtually any industry with a natural fit in healthcare, education, and hospitality.


corporate gifts
corporate gifts work over time as a part of an employee recognition gift program. boost morale while boosting your brand, plus foster a sense of community. personalize your print greeting card or digital pdf gift certificate with company brand logo, employee name, message and custom template.


give your employees the gift of choice
choose-your-gift® has multiple price levels from $25.00 and up. you choose the price plan based on your company budget. when the recipient receives their redemption code, they can search for gifts based on the price point.



































find hundreds of additional gifts in every price level













contact us













the best gifts come from the best brands







































































america’s premier gifting service


for over 65 years choose-your-gift® has empowered organizations and businesses to celebrate achievements and milestones with personalized, high-quality gifts. rooted in tradition of celebrating the big and small wins, choose-your-gift® continues to innovate, offering the most extensive selection of experiences and products. we’ve encountered a world of change in six decades, but our commitment to excellence for our customers remains the same.











what our customers are saying







read more testimonials >>






everyone loves choosing
choose-your-gift offers brand name gifts that make recognition memorable.
- wingstop

get started





quick, easy and great customer service.
quick, easy and great customer service.  we will continue to use in the future.
- aunt millie’s

get started





we have used choose-your-gift program for more than 20 years!
we have been using the choose-your-gift program for more than 20 years and our clients and employees look forward with interest, excitement and satisfaction. giving recipients the choice of "choosing" is really appreciated by all. we have recommended this program to others and will continue to do so.
- the standard companies

get started





ordering from choose-your-gift for years
banner has been ordering from choose-your-gift for years.
presentation cards are of high quality and service even higher quality.

- banner moulded products

get started





love the opportunity to get a gift they can really use
i’ve been working with choose-your-gift for many years to recognize special occasions for my staff.  they make it easy to use and my employees love the ability to choose exactly what they want from name brands that are relevant and useful.  everyone i have given a choose-your-gift certificate to has told me they love the opportunity to get a gift they can really use.  
- exact staff

get started





cyg provides an excellent product
i believe cyg provides an excellent product and your customer service is outstanding! 
- hill physicians medical group

get started





highly recommend choose-your-gift! 
we use choose-your-gift for our company service awards.  our employees can pick something they will use rather than receive a “one size fits all” gift or plaque. more personal than cash and the products are quality items. we are not a large company but they service us like we are the top company.
- ring-o-matic

get started





keep up the great work! 
we love your product and your company. you have been so quick to put in orders for us and happy to help with whatever we need done. we appreciate doing business with a company that is efficient in customer service and provides a product that allows our employees to pick a gift that is unique to them. keep up the great work! 
- riverview health

get started





they've set the standard for customer service!
their dedication to excellence and expertise is evident in all aspects. i highly recommend their services and will be a returning customer. they've set the standard for customer service, earning my trust and loyalty.
- jll

get started










grow your workplace culture through employee recognition








recognition gifting hub

by:
choose-your-gift team



welcome to the choose-your-gift® recognition gifting hub!
ideas for delivering meaningful moments, welcoming new employees, celebrating work anniversaries, and building teamwork.


last post:
employee recognition plan for 2025: comprehensive guide
                    -
                        1/3/2025


 








homepage questions 

how to purchase choose-your-gift® online?
how does choose-your-gift® work?
is it easy to manage my corporate account?
can you explain the difference between the print plan and the digital plan?
what are price levels?

questions & answers



how to purchase choose-your-gift® online?

in just five easy steps you can provide your employees with a gifting experience they will treasure! first, set up your account providing the necessary information so we are ready to process your order when received. next, decide if you wish to purchase our digital plan or our print plan and what gift level best fits your budget. finally, decide on the quantity of each gift level you wish to receive. acceptable payment includes visa, mastercard and american express.
back to top




how does choose-your-gift® work?

effective corporate recognition starts with a program that enables your employees to feel your gratitude. cyg raises the bar and delivers that "gift of choice" to each of your recipients. each presentation contains an individualized certificate/pin.
when this information is entered on our website it allows your recipient to see only the items within their gift level you have chosen for them. your recipient can choose one item from their gift level and have it shipped to their designated street address within the continental united states. there are no prices listed on our redemption website.
back to top




is it easy to manage my corporate account?

yes, choose-your-gift offers a user-friendly platform which integrates an automated email system that sends order acknowledgements to the purchaser and tracking information to recipients. in addition, account representatives work closely with each of our clients to ensure the successful implementation of the program and that their goals are achieved.
back to top




can you explain the difference between the print plan and the digital plan?

both plans offer your recipients the same popular high-quality gifts. any busy hr executive can appreciate our digital plan which offers an eco-friendly same day recognition for employees.
a digital certificate containing an individualized certificate number and pin will arrive in your inbox or can be sent directly to your recipient. the employee can visit their gift level immediately with the information provided on their certificate! upon request, our digital plan also allows us to provide certificate/pin information so companies can develop their own unique presentation of our program.
our print plan offers individualized certificate/pin information in a greeting card style presentation. greeting cards are supplied with envelopes and are shipped direct to your company. we ask that you please allow a few days for processing and shipment of print plan orders.
 
back to top




what are price levels?

our program is designed so that each of your employees can be recognized at different price levels. there is no minimum order and each gift level price includes one selected item and delivery within the continental united states. starting as low as $25, twenty gift levels offer over 50,000 brand name high-quality gifts for employees of all age groups.
back to top












enter your email address to receive exclusive offers from choose-your-gift® and interesting recognition ideas that keep you up-to-date on latest trends.

email  




p o box 101164 | chicago, il 60610-8911 | 800.868.9132






blog
faqs
customer service
legal pages
contact us
custom orders
company information





© 2025 choose-your-gift.com | web design & development by  americaneagle.com









close











