
america at the acadian ancestral home












jamestown 
the first of the british colonies to take hold in north america was jamestown. on the basis of a charter which king james i granted to the virginia (or london) company, a group of about 100 men set out for the chesapeake bay in 1607. seeking to avoid conflict with the spanish, they chose a site about 60 kilometers up the james river from the bay.



made up of townsmen and adventurers more interested in finding gold than farming, the group was unequipped by temperament or ability to embark upon a completely new life in the wilderness. among them, captain john smith emerged as the dominant figure. despite quarrels, starvation, and native-american attacks, his ability to enforce discipline held the little colony together through its first year.



in 1609 smith returned to england, and in his absence, the colony descended into anarchy. during the winter of 1609-1610, the majority of the colonists succumbed to disease. only 60 of the original 300 settlers were still alive by may 1610. that same year, the town of henrico (now richmond) was established farther up the james river.



it was not long, however, before a development occurred that revolutionized virginia's economy. in 1612 john rolfe began cross-breeding imported tobacco seed from the west indies with native plants and produced a new variety that was pleasing to european taste. the first shipment of this tobacco reached london in 1614. within a decade it had become virginia's chief source of revenue.



prosperity did not come quickly, however, and the death rate from disease and indian attacks remained extraordinarily high. between 1607 and 1624 approximately 14,000 people migrated to the colony, yet only 1,132 were living there in 1624. on recommendation of a royal commission, the king dissolved the virginia company, and made it a royal colony that year.
massachusetts

during the religious upheavals of the 16th century, a body of men and women called puritans sought to reform the established church of england from within. essentially, they demanded that the rituals and structures associated with roman catholicism be replaced by simpler calvinist protestant forms of faith and worship. their reformist ideas, by destroying the unity of the state church, threatened to divide the people and to undermine royal authority.

in 1607 a small group of separatists [a radical sect of puritans who did not believe the established church could ever be reformed] departed for leyden, holland, where the dutch granted them asylum. however, the calvinist dutch restricted them mainly to low-paid laboring jobs. some members of the congregation grew dissatisfied with this discrimination and resolved to emigrate to the new world.

in 1620, a group of leyden puritans secured a land patent from the virginia company. numbering 101, they set out for virginia on the mayflower. a storm sent them far north and they landed in new england on cape cod. believing themselves outside the jurisdiction of any organized government, the men drafted a formal agreement to abide by "just and equal laws" drafted by leaders of their own choosing. this was the mayflower compact.

in december the mayflower reached plymouth harbor; the pilgrims began to build their settlement during the winter. nearly half the colonists died of exposure and disease, but neighboring wampanoag indians provided the information that would sustain them: how to grow maize. by the next fall, the pilgrims had a plentiful crop of corn, and a growing trade based on furs and lumber.

a new wave of immigrants arrived on the shores of massachusetts bay in 1630 bearing a grant from king charles i to establish a colony. many of them were puritans whose religious practices were increasingly prohibited in england. their leader, john winthrop, urged them to create a "city upon a hill" in the new world -- a place where they would live in strict accordance with their religious beliefs and set an example for all of christendom.

the massachusetts bay colony was to play a significant role in the development of the entire new england region, in part because winthrop and his puritan colleagues were able to bring their charter with them. thus the authority for the colony's government resided in massachusetts, not in england.

under the charter's provisions, power rested with the general court, which was made up of "freemen" required to be members of the puritan, or congregational, church. this guaranteed that the puritans would be the dominant political as well as religious force in the colony. the general court elected the governor, who for most of the next generation would be john winthrop.

the rigid orthodoxy of the puritan rule was not to everyone's liking. one of the first to challenge the general court openly was a young clergyman named roger williams, who objected to the colony's seizure of indian lands and advocated separation of church and state. another dissenter, anne hutchinson, challenged key doctrines of puritan theology. both they and their followers were banished.

williams purchased land from the narragansett indians in what is now providence, rhode island, in 1636. in 1644, a sympathetic puritan-controlled english parliament gave him the charter that established rhode island as a distinct colony where complete separation of church and state as well as freedom of religion was practiced.

so-called heretics like williams were not the only ones who left massachusetts. orthodox puritans, seeking better lands and opportunities, soon began leaving massachusetts bay colony. news of the fertility of the connecticut river valley, for instance, attracted the interest of farmers having a difficult time with poor land. by the early 1630s, many were ready to brave the danger of indian attack to obtain level ground and deep, rich soil. these new communities often eliminated church membership as a prerequisite for voting, thereby extending the franchise to ever larger numbers of men.

at the same time, other settlements began cropping up along the new hampshire and maine coasts, as more and more immigrants sought the land and liberty the new world seemed to offer.
new netherland and maryland

hired by the dutch east india company, henry hudson in 1609 explored the area around what is now new york city and the river that bears his name, to a point probably north of present-day albany, new york. subsequent dutch voyages laid the basis for their claims and early settlements in the area.

as with the french to the north, the first interest of the dutch was the fur trade. to this end, they cultivated close relations with the five nations of the iroquois, who were the key to the heartland from which the furs came. in 1617 dutch settlers built a fort at the junction of the hudson and the mohawk rivers, where albany now stands.

settlement on the island of manhattan began in the early 1620s. in 1624, the island was purchased from local native americans for the reported price of $24. it was promptly renamed new amsterdam.

in order to attract settlers to the hudson river region, the dutch encouraged a type of feudal aristocracy, known as the "patroon" system. the first of these huge estates were established in 1630 along the hudson river. under the patroon system, any stockholder, or patroon, who could bring 50 adults to his estate over a four-year period was given a 25-kilometer river-front plot, exclusive fishing and hunting privileges, and civil and criminal jurisdiction over his lands. in turn, he provided livestock, tools, and buildings. the tenants paid the patroon rent and gave him first option on surplus crops.

further to the south, a swedish trading company with ties to the dutch attempted to set up its first settlement along the delaware river three years later. without the resources to consolidate its position, new sweden was gradually absorbed into new netherland, and later, pennsylvania and delaware.

in 1632 the catholic calvert family obtained a charter for land north of the potomac river from king charles i in what became known as maryland. as the charter did not expressly prohibit the establishment of non-protestant churches, the colony became a haven for catholics. maryland's first town, st. mary's, was established in 1634 near where the potomac river flows into the chesapeake bay.

while establishing a refuge for catholics, who faced increasing persecution in anglican england, the calverts were also interested in creating profitable estates. to this end, and to avoid trouble with the british government, they also encouraged protestant immigration.

maryland's royal charter had a mixture of feudal and modern elements. on the one hand the calvert family had the power to create manorial estates. on the other, they could only make laws with the consent of freemen (property holders). they found that, in order to attract settlers -- and make a profit from their holdings -- they had to offer people farms, not just tenancy on manorial estates. the number of independent farms grew in consequence. their owners demanded a voice in the affairs of the colony. maryland's first legislature met in 1635.
colonial-indian relations

by 1640 the british had solid colonies established along the new england coast and the chesapeake bay. in between were the dutch and the tiny swedish community. to the west were the original americans, then called indians.

sometimes friendly, sometimes hostile, the eastern tribes were no longer strangers to the europeans. although native americans benefited from access to new technology and trade, the disease and thirst for land that the early settlers also brought posed a serious challenge to their long-established way of life.

at first, trade with the european settlers brought advantages: knives, axes, weapons, cooking utensils, fishhooks, and a host of other goods. those indians who traded initially had significant advantage over rivals who did not. in response to european demand, tribes such as the iroquois began to devote more attention to fur trapping during the 17th century. furs and pelts provided tribes the means to purchase colonial goods until late into the 18th century.

early colonial native-american relations were an uneasy mix of cooperation and conflict. on the one hand, there were the exemplary relations that prevailed during the first half century of pennsylvania's existence. on the other were a long series of setbacks, skirmishes, and wars, which almost invariably resulted in an indian defeat and further loss of land.

the first of the important native-american uprisings occurred in virginia in 1622, when some 347 whites were killed, including a number of missionaries who had just recently come to jamestown.

white settlement of the connecticut river region touched off the pequot war in 1637. in 1675 king philip, the son of the native chief who had made the original peace with the pilgrims in 1621, attempted to unite the tribes of southern new england against further european encroachment of their lands. in the struggle, however, philip lost his life and many indians were sold into servitude.

the steady influx of settlers into the backwoods regions of the eastern colonies disrupted native-american life. as more and more game was killed off, tribes were faced with the difficult choice of going hungry, going to war, or moving and coming into conflict with other tribes to the west.

the iroquois, who inhabited the area below lakes ontario and erie in northern new york and pennsylvania, were more successful in resisting european advances. in 1570 five tribes joined to form the most complex native-american nation of its time, the "ho de no sau nee," or league of the iroquois. the league was run by a council made up of 50 representatives from each of the five member tribes. the council dealt with matters common to all the tribes, but it had no say in how the free and equal tribes ran their day-to-day affairs. no tribe was allowed to make war by itself. the council passed laws to deal with crimes such as murder.

the iroquois league was a strong power in the 1600s and 1700s. it traded furs with the british and sided with them against the french in the war for the dominance of america between 1754 and 1763. the british might not have won that war otherwise.

the iroquois league stayed strong until the american revolution. then, for the first time, the council could not reach a unanimous decision on whom to support. member tribes made their own decisions, some fighting with the british, some with the colonists, some remaining neutral. as a result, everyone fought against the iroquois. their losses were great and the league never recovered.
second generation of british colonies

the religious and civil conflict in england in the mid-17th century limited immigration, as well as the attention the mother country paid the fledgling american colonies.

in part to provide for the defense measures england was neglecting, the massachusetts bay, plymouth, connecticut, and new haven colonies formed the new england confederation in 1643. it was the european colonists' first attempt at regional unity.

the early history of the british settlers reveals a good deal of contention -- religious and political -- as groups vied for power and position among themselves and their neighbors. maryland, in particular, suffered from the bitter religious rivalries that afflicted england during the era of oliver cromwell. one of the casualties was the state's toleration act, which was revoked in the 1650s. it was soon reinstated, however, along with the religious freedom it guaranteed.

with the restoration of king charles ii in 1660, the british once again turned their attention to north america. within a brief span, the first european settlements were established in the carolinas and the dutch driven out of new netherland. new proprietary colonies were established in new york, new jersey, delaware, and pennsylvania.

the dutch settlements had been ruled by autocratic governors appointed in europe. over the years, the local population had become estranged from them. as a result, when the british colonists began encroaching on dutch claims in long island and manhattan, the unpopular governor was unable to rally the population to their defense. new netherland fell in 1664. the terms of the capitulation, however, were mild: the dutch settlers were able to retain their property and worship as they pleased.

as early as the 1650s, the albemarle sound region off the coast of what is now northern north carolina was inhabited by settlers trickling down from virginia. the first proprietary governor arrived in 1664. the first town in albemarle, a remote area even today, was not established until the arrival of a group of french huguenots in 1704.

in 1670 the first settlers, drawn from new england and the caribbean island of barbados, arrived in what is now charleston, south carolina. an elaborate system of government, to which the british philosopher john locke contributed, was prepared for the new colony. one of its prominent features was a failed attempt to create a hereditary nobility. one of the colony's least appealing aspects was the early trade in indian slaves. with time, however, timber, rice, and indigo gave the colony a worthier economic base.

in 1681 william penn, a wealthy quaker and friend of charles ii, received a large tract of land west of the delaware river, which became known as pennsylvania. to help populate it, penn actively recruited a host of religious dissenters from england and the continent - quakers, mennonites, amish, moravians, and baptists.

when penn arrived the following year, there were already dutch, swedish, and english settlers living along the delaware river. it was there he founded philadelphia, the city of brotherly love.

in keeping with his faith, penn was motivated by a sense of equality not often found in other american colonies at the time. thus, women in pennsylvania had rights long before they did in other parts of america. penn and his deputies also paid considerable attention to the colony's relations with the delaware indians, ensuring that they were paid for land on which the europeans settled.

georgia was settled in 1732, the last of the 13 colonies to be established. lying close to, if not actually inside the boundaries of spanish florida, the region was viewed as a buffer against spanish incursion. but it had another unique quality: the man charged with georgia's fortifications, general james oglethorpe, was a reformer who deliberately set out to create a refuge where the poor and former prisoners would be given new opportunities.
settlers, slaves, and servants

men and women with little active interest in a new life in america were often induced to make the move to the new world by the skillful persuasion of promoters. william penn, for example, publicized the opportunities awaiting newcomers to the pennsylvania colony. judges and prison authorities offered convicts a chance to migrate to colonies like georgia instead of serving prison sentences.

but few colonists could finance the cost of passage for themselves and their families to make a start in the new land. in some cases, ships' captains received large rewards from the sale of service contracts for poor migrants, called indentured servants, and every method from extravagant promises to actual kidnapping was used to take on as many passengers as their vessels could hold.

in other cases, the expenses of transportation and maintenance were paid by colonizing agencies like the virginia or massachusetts bay companies. in return, indentured servants agreed to work for the agencies as contract laborers, usually for four to seven years. free at the end of this term, they would be given "freedom dues," sometimes including a small tract of land.

perhaps half the settlers living in the colonies south of new england came to america under this system. although most of them fulfilled their obligations faithfully, some ran away from their employers. nevertheless, many of them were eventually able to secure land and set up homesteads, either in the colonies in which they had originally settled or in neighboring ones. no social stigma was attached to a family that had its beginning in america under this semi-bondage. every colony had its share of leaders who were former indentured servants.

there was one very important exception to this pattern: african slaves. the first black africans were brought to virginia in 1619, just 12 years after the founding of jamestown. initially, many were regarded as indentured servants who could earn their freedom. by the 1660s, however, as the demand for plantation labor in the southern colonies grew, the institution of slavery began to harden around them, and africans were brought to america in shackles for a lifetime of involuntary servitude.

most settlers who came to america in the 17th century were english, but there were also dutch, swedes, and germans in the middle region, a few french huguenots in south carolina and elsewhere, slaves from africa, primarily in the south, and a scattering of spaniards, italians, and portuguese throughout the colonies. after 1680 england ceased to be the chief source of immigration, supplanted by scots and "scots-irish" (protestants from northern ireland). in addition, tens of thousands of refugees fled northwestern europe to escape war, oppression, and absentee-landlordism. by 1690 the american population had risen to a quarter of a million. from then on, it doubled every 25 years until, in 1775, it numbered more than 2.5 million. although families occasionally moved from one colony to another, distinctions between individual colonies were marked. they were even more so among the three regional groupings of colonies.

source:  philadelphia - the american revolution 1764-1784

© lucie leblanc consentino
acadian & french canadian ancestral home
2004 - present
please navigate this web site
using the sidebar to the left
if you do not see a sidebar
click here











