ï»¿



adprima education - information for new and future teachers










 




education information for new and future teachers
"no mental tool honed by human intellect, 
curiosity and experience
 can long resist
 being dulled by simple ignorance or 
stupidity."






















for 
new teachers - 
lesson 
planning 
- 
learning objectives - 

teaching methods -
classroom management  
-


curriculum and curriculum issues -

study skills 


other education resources -

thinking skills - 


jobs


















shop amazon - best selling products - updated every hour




adprima





designed for new teachers, future teachers, 
	education students, and also for anyone interested in education, adprima 
	aims to be a source of serious, quality information. within the site you 
	will find detailed, practical, straightforward information on lesson 
	planning,learning 
	objectives, teaching 
	methods, home schooling, instructional grouping, teaching and 
	values, classroom 
	management, assertive 
	discipline, study skills, thinking skills, job searching, 
	education reform, discussions, contrary opinions, direct instruction, and a 
	whole lot more. since 1997, when the site was established, the goal of 
	adprima is to be the best possible source of information for new and future 
	teachers.2014



a
	consistent theme of adprima is summed up 
	in a simple declarative sentence: "anything not understood in more than one 
	way is not understood at all."  this means that for learning and 
	understanding to be powerful and useful, you should try to understand the 
	content in different ways. as teachers and future teachers, your job is to 
	help your students learn and understand subject-matter content in more than 
	way. the long-term, powerful benefits of this approach can provide a 
	foundation for a lifetime of growth and development.


the information available on the adprima site will demonstrate 
	this principle.


















adprima  is a privately owned and operated 
	website and therefore is not affiliated with any educational institution or 
	any other private or public 
	organization. the information, graphics, web layout and opinions contained 
	within the site is, except 
	where noted, solely those of the site developer and operator, dr. r. j. 
	kizlik.



 








"anything not understood in more 
than one way is not understood at all."

a thought-provoking 
thriller novel i wrote for the kindle:  
the bucci strain: imprint















 

 















copyright 2020
robert kizlik & 
	associates
boca raton, 
	florida

 





