








kiawah island real estate | luxury coastal homes


kiawah island real estate | luxury coastal homes










































 
 















(843)-768-3400
contact us
log-in 
property search









kiawah island real estate

our communities
new developer releases

the burn
front nine lane


seafields senior living
affiliated developer offerings
buying & selling resources

market trends
buy a home
build a home


spacer


kiawah island club

club membership
amenities
golf
club events
culinary excellence
outdoor exploration
gokids
racquet sports
spa & wellness
sporting club
member services
member log-in


island life

on the water
out & about
within nature
island insights
getting here
legends magazine
musc at kiawah


blog & news
about us

real estate sales team
advance kiawah
designing with nature
community outreach
careers
contact us






property search
log-in
(843)-768-3400
contact us





















































view all listings




kiawah island   |  a private island community located just 21 miles south of charleston in the temperate south carolina lowcountry where you can golf, boat, swim, birdwatch, fish, dine, shop, socialize, or simply relax to your heart's content. with luxury real estate properties set among stunning vistas of the atlantic ocean, beach, marshlands, maritime forest, river and fairways, kiawah island is in a league of its own.





welcome to kiawah island club & real estate
nature nurtures across sublime landscapes where luxury real estate and the best-in-class kiawah island club celebrate the transcendence inherent in everyday, island living. famed fairways, top-tier tennis, unparalleled amenities, and ten miles of pristine atlantic shoreline cultivate a lifestyle of sporting and social abundance. here, a myriad of architectural styles define the acclaimed aesthetic of each neighborhood.
isn’t it time to call kiawah home?






buy your dream home
search properties





build your dream home
explore new releases





explore 62+ living
learn about seafields





welcome to the club
discover amenities



 






request more informationlearn more about life on kiawah.











island
happenings check out our blog




real estate 
market trends see property reports




meet the
real estate team get to know us
























contact us

main real estate sales office - 843.768.3400
member services - 843.768.6120


 
 


quick links
club member login
careers
arb
organizations
accommodations
media contact
 

join our newsletter








submit








© 2025 kiawah island real estate, llc. all rights reserved.  legal & privacythis information has been provided to you by kiawah island real estate.  all information deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. obtain the property report required by federal law and read it before signing anything. no federal or state agency has endorsed or judged the merits of value, if any, of this property. this is not an offer to sell or solicitation to buy real estate in any jurisdiction where prohibited by law. this project is registered with the states of new york and new jersey. any offer in new york is made pursuant to cps-7 application no. ho16-0007, which application and related documents may be obtained from the sponsor. obtain and read the nj public offering statement before signing anything (nj reg#16-15-0011 and 0012). prices, plans, products and availability are subject to change without notice. improvements, facilities and programs may be in formative stages and cannot be guaranteed. use of recreational facilities and amenities may require club membership. some illustrations are artist renderings only and may differ from completed products.





 
 





