









gambler fishing | open boat fishing in point pleasant beach, nj














click for gift cards! email gamblerfishing@gmail.com to inquire about sweatshirts, tshirts & hats 












home

fishing trips


gift cards


about

faq's
directions
fishing reports
gallery



contact us













gambler fishing
 open boat fishing in point pleasant beach, nj
book now





2025 - extra elbow room for your comfort and safety
due to popular feedback, and for your comfort and safety, we will continue to run at reduced capacity on our daily trips for this upcoming season.
within an hour of nyc, trenton, and philly area, the gambler dock is located at 59 inlet dr. point pleasant beach, nj.
free onsite parking
special notes:
​visit the gambler crew at the nj saltwater expo march, 14th-16th at the convention center in edison. we will unveil our fall canyon schedule, special promotions for spring offshore tilefish and inshore taug trips, and to purchase apparel!

• you do not need a fishing license to fish with us. you are covered under the boat’s fishing registration.
• arrival no later than 45 minutes before departure
• book online or show up at the dock – if we are not fully booked, we will gladly get you on-board. suggested to call first at 732-295-7569
 please call 732-295-7569 to book if you have a gift certificate dated prior to january 21, 2025

book a trip

book now









tilefish

taking you all the way out to the continental shelf for fishing where few fishermen venture!

trips resume in april of 2025
book now








lazy man taug

starting in april 10am till 3pm! the gambler’s lazy man taug are a terrific way to shake off cabin fever while still being able to sleep in a little. blackfish inhabit old, sunken wrecks and rock piles off the jersey coast.
book now











about us
our business has been family-owned and operated since 1949. the gambler’s friendly, experienced captains and crew are happy to assist both beginners and experts. within an hour of nyc, trenton, and philly areas, we welcome and encourage families and children to join us on our fishing excursions for the adventure of a lifetime! our customers’ safety, satisfaction, boat cleanliness – and of course, catching fish – are our main priorities!












purchase a giftcard!
purchase the perfect gift: a gift card with a value of your choosing and no expiration date!
*gift cards sent via email for printing 
book now
learn more







reel in these 5-star reviews!



great fishing
i took my daughter and grandson on a charter. arrived early as directed and given gear and instruction. the crew was capable, kind, patient and very helpful. caught mostly sea bass (5 keepers). we loved the whole experience! - sharon t. | trip advisor




lots of fun
sailed one morning with my two teenage daughters. lots of people were catching "doormat" size fluke. we had some shorts that went back, some sea robin and a mackerel. caught a fair amount, lots of meat for dinner that night! - peter j. | trip advisor




outstanding
the crew and captains were all top-notch. they were there when you needed them and were always happy to help. i caught my first tuna ever on this boat and what an amazing experience. thanks for an experience i'll never forg - george h. | google




wonderful experience
i had a greatexperience with gambler a few days ago during an offshore sea bass fishing trip. they know where to find the fish. the mates are extremely nice and are always there to help. i will be back next year! - shawn w. | google









latest info & updates text
tune in here to see what the fishing report is or to see what upcoming events and happenings we have going on. view all posts







facebook

instagram
x formerly twitter
youtube


quick link


home
fishing trips
about
contact us









gift


buy gift cards






contact us


 (732) 295-7569
 gamblerfishing@gmail.com
59 inlet drive, point pleasant beach, nj 08742




copyright © gambler fishing 2025. all rights reserved. built by wingman planning

























