



























leading transformations. committed all the way. | innocom


















            skip to main content
          










innocom logothis is the logo of the company innocom 






innocom


innocom


what we do


enterprise architecture


digital transformation


strategic design


agile transformation


security & risk


assessments




associate track




top menu


						go to
						 
						
















start the journey


career


news


contact



ennlfr























leading transformations. committed all the way.













              what we have to offer
            










innocom
your premium transformation partner
innocom is a fully independent belgian company that has been guiding organizations through large and complex strategic changes for over 25 years. we are considered an authority in strategic alignment and bringing strategy into execution. we do this by applying our expertise in change, agile organization, enterprise and it architecture, it strategy, and security. 
technology as a driver of change offers ever-increasing opportunities but also comes with complex challenges. as an independent beacon of trust and integrity, our customers can rely on our brutally honest advice and ultimate commitment without any compromise on quality. this means we don’t just do projects; we embark on missions together with our customers to guide them all the way as their premium transformation partner.
our unique community model allows us to build on cross-industry experience and thrive on the collective knowledge and expertise of the full innocom transformation crew. we continuously harvest the best practices via research within our daughter company, the innocom institute.
discover innocom












our unique dna







independent
and we love it
we’re not bound to technology vendors or software integrators, neither do we have internal downstream business to serve. we only want what’s best for you, our customer. no hidden agendas.






collective brainpower
always evolving
we thrive on exponential and collective knowledge enabled by the combined brainpower, expertise and experience from our +-100 consultants. we are organized in dynamic communities built around evolving topics based on customer needs. all our knowledge and experience is available to each customer.






missions
together with you
we rely on warm relationships with our customers and partners to achieve sustainable collaborations. our aim is always to help you grow. this means we don’t just do projects, we embark on missions together with our customers to guide them all the way.






highly skilled
and experienced
innocom equals trust, results that stick and quality work. our transformation crew consists of senior consultants with a solid track record. they are continuously trained practitioners, enabled by our lifelong research and learning engine the ic institute. 







how can we help










innocom institute
founded to make the extraordinary possible, the innocom institute is the only private company in europe offering higher education with its recognized master of science in enterprise architecture.
at the crossroads of academic research and industry, it offers educational and research services for enterprise, business, and it architects and senior management.
our cross-industry know-how is continuously reinforced and sharpened by our daughter company, the innocom institute, which is the only private company in europe accredited to provide a full-fledged master-after-master program ("master in enterprise architecture") and several topical masterclasses on applying these methods.

















discover the innocom institute











master in enterprise architecture
innocom has been offering an accredited master of science in enterprise architecture for over 10 years, through the ic institute.
this master is a unique program preparing professionals to become leaders in business transformations.
the ic institute is unique in europe, since it is the only private company that is officially recognized by the government as an institute for higher education. our master in enterprise architecture is accredited by the nvao.
 
























  sign up for an amazing career at innocom







win-win-win
we believe in missions that are the best fit for our customers, you and innocom. we believe in win-win-win.






lifelong learning
we invest in our people. ic institute, our centre for higher education, can offer you the best education on the market.






pilot in command
we put you in the driving seat to steer our missions and your career to make a real impact. we don’t micromanage, we enable and help you grow.






the transformation crew
at innocom, we believe in building the right knowledge and sharing experiences. in our communities, we all build innocom together to be the best crew bringing our a-game to our customers.







see our careers















  latest news






















15 october 2024


green enterprise architecture: paving the path to sustainable transformation

read more 













16 september 2024


digital transformation implementation at euroclear

read more 













2 september 2024


new ceo at innocom

read more 













11 july 2024


the software development lifecycle at telenet

read more 













26 june 2024


domain-driven design at elia

read more 













24 june 2024


this was art in the park 2024

read more 


























innocom small logo
this is the small logo of the company innocom








let's get in touch



heiststeenweg 131
2580 beerzel, belgium



info@inno.com

+32 15 25 82 00





follow us












innocom


innocom


what we do


associate track




ic institute


ic institute


education


talent development


student zone




services


start the journey


career


news


contact







© 2025 innocom

footer


privacy


cookie


disclaimer


general conditions





            website by openup.media
          









