








home - balance yoga & healing





















































skip to content






 southern vermont802-768-1166email









balance yoga & healing
yoga, ayurveda and mental health for joyful living







menu



home
about
yoga

why practice yoga?
yoga therapy
practice with danielle
mentorship

yoga teacher mentorship
studio owner mentorship
yoga teacher training




ayurveda

what is ayurveda?
ayurvedic services
seasonal community cleanses
elevate mid-life


























                                                    elevate mid-life                                                

                                                    elevate your well-being, embrace this transformative stage of life, and unlock your full potential                                                
learn more



 






                                                    spring cleanse                                                

                                                    a 10 day online program for purification and rejuvenation                                                
learn more



 






                                                    practice with danielle                                                

                                                    group yoga classes and private sessions available                                                
see schedule



 







elevate mid-life
improve your well-being, embrace this transformative stage of life, and unlock your full potential.


spring cleanse
a 10 day online program for purification and rejuvenation.


practice with danielle
group yoga classes and private sessions available.





yoga




ayurveda




mental health





testimonials


i just wanted to thank you for the fall detox program. i am newly retired and trying to develop a healthy routine. this program has given me and excellent framework to build on. an unexpected bonus was the improvement in my blood pressure.mary w
after the cleanse i’m much more aware of what i’m eating and how it makes me feel. i think i can safely say i’ve always been aware but i think i’m paying more attention to it nowsam h
i continue to practice what you taught me at home. i appreciate all the support, kindness and love that you’ve given me.hayes c
danielle is an open hearted compassionate teacher i have been lucky enough to practice with for over a decade. all of her recommendations have had a significant impact on my life. she has worked with me on strength and flexibility, stamina and stillness,  anxiety and depression, seasonal cleansing and everyday wellness. her background in mental health complements her offerings in yogic and ayurvedic living. her guidance is unfailingly  supportive. she is dedicated to the art and science of living a balanced life by sharing and teaching what she practices.kristen c




meet danielle


yoga teacher
yoga therapist
ayurvedic health counselor
mental health counselor
 read danielle’s bio


















stay connected
sign up to receive the latest news and updates

first name 
last name 
email address *


















home
about us
contact us

yoga
ayurveda
mental health








copyright © 2018-2025 balance yoga and healing, llc. all rights reserved.


privacy policy
terms of use









			website development & hosting from isg development

 














