



middleschool.net - ultimate middle school, home school and lesson plan resource














home
about
contact

 


 



 




welcome to middleschool dot net!

the only site educators, parents and students will want to use. quality, free curriculum and professional resources for the entire curriculum available.  please browse around our vast categories, look up a lesson, take a quiz, or do some research!  we are happy to help.



featured article






home school organizations
a listing of helpful home schooling resource from groups based across the united states



featured article






safety & violence in schools
resources to help you make informed decisions on how to prevent and react to violence in school




featured article






state educational standards
a listing of links to the standards section of offical department of education websites for us states



featured article






student test taking strategies
a listing of test taking resources that detail strategies to help you study.




middleschool.net - ultimate middle school, home school and lesson plan resource

middleschool.net is a website "for the teachers by the teachers". it includes an assortment of information and resources for educators, teachers, and parents. popular resources include curriculum resources, reference material, lesson plans, information on home schooling, teacher information, and professional development.
middleschool.net not only provides valuable links for students on various topics of middle school education; it also provides handy suggestions and useful tips for middle school teachers and parents. it addresses a wide range of issues and concerns that middle school teachers might come across in their careers. middleschool.net also incorporates a lot of invaluable articles and links for middle school teachers, such as teaching strategies, curriculum, classroom assessment, professional development of teachers and much more.
middleschool.net has quality resources in homeschooling, too. from the homeschooling guides for various grade levels, to homeschooling events and competitions - information on home school education is available. middleschool.net offers the ideal platform that empowers parents to create the personalized education programs for their children at home. middleschool.net provides access to various homeschooling organizations, home school education curriculums, books recommended for middle school homeschooling, resources for parents of children involved in homeschooling, diverse home school programs, including quizzes, contests, tests and much more. the website also has links to the home pages of various homeschooling organizations; parents interested in home school education for their kids can browse through these and choose the most suitable organization for their child.
middleschool.net has lesson plans organized by subjects and grade levels. these lesson plans incorporate the lessons and strategies to be adopted by teachers for teaching middle school students. there are also assignments the students can complete, each with an estimated time frame and objective. it also provides various links to tutorials and webquests addressed, which teachers can use to reinforce lessons.
middleschool.net provides "quality, free curriculum and professional resources." teachers can find a collection of informational resources, including a list of educational principles.
middleschool.net provides "quality, free curriculum and professional resources." teachers can find a collection of informational resources, including a list of educational principles.

 


recent articles



dictionaries - a collection of online dictionaries.
                    

guidance and counseling - help your child adapt to college
                    

student test taking strategies - these great tips will help any student get higher scores.
                    

18 things to do when you are not teaching - things a teacher should never do in the classroom.
                    

home schooling - a fantastic list of websites with great home schooling curriculums.
                    




popular pages


school field trips
free calculators
language arts webquests
middle school english
middle school webquests
science webquest
middle school social studies
middle school math



 
 
 




curriculum resources


art
music
science
math
social studies
foreign language
library & media
virtual field trips
bilingual ed & esl
english composition & literature
pe, health & alternative medicine
disabilities & special education
internet & web design
web cameras





special features


writers & authors
states for kids
calendars & calendars
calculators
educational theory
new teacher information
substitute teacher information
bulletin boards
safety & violence in schools
behavior & classroom management
assessment
learning styles
college & university libraries
holiday & celebrations





reference materials


newspapers, magazines, etc
proverbs, tongue twisters, & quotations
book and literary awards
thesaurus
almanacs
dictionary
television
homework help
maps & atlases
general reference
find people
encyclopedia
journals
libraries on the web
search engines





administrators


informational articles
after-school programs
service learning
regional educational labs
special programs for your school





lesson plans


tutorials
science
math
english & literature
lesson plan links
social studies
web quests





home schooling


home school organizations
home school curriculum & more
home school home pages





support staff


social workers & school psychologists
the school nurse
guidance and counseling
home economics/work and family studies





how to...tutor!


netscape
excel
word
outlook express
internet explorer
norton antivirus
frontpage
powerpoint
acrobat





professional development


certification/licensure
grants, fund raising, & government program
professional organizations
travel for educators
professional development resources





technology resources


hardware
software





educational standards


listings by states





activities


debate
cheerleading
band





quizzes


student test taking strategies
readymade quizzes





18 things to do when not teaching


what to do when not teaching





more resources


more middle school resources
100 great resources for middleschool teachers
100 great resources for middleschool students
resources for middle school students and teachers




 




home
about
contact
site map

 
 
heat map generator

 