









welcome - buffalo suzuki strings









































































toggle navigation






 
 

skip to content
new families

what is the suzuki method?
resources

blog


success stories
lessons
register now


current families

calendar
parents association
resources

blog




programs

early childhood education
lessons
group classes
advanced ensemble/friendship touring ensemble
community concerts
summer lessons & workshops


lessons

choose an instrument
group classes


who we are

history
mary cay neal, founder and music director
faculty
board of trustees
where we are in western new york


contact us

contact us
enrollment form


giving

50th anniversary celebration weekend
the buffalo suzuki strings endowment
living legacy


 
 
 




















 

want more information about lessons?      we'd love to chat!contact us!
as your children journey through life, many influences are shaping who they will become. the most important opportunity you can give your children is the tools to push their own limits, nurture their talents, and discover the truth of who they are and who they have the capacity to become. the gift of music has a unique ability to nourish the heart, mind and spirit of every human being.research shows that students who learn to play a musical instrument perform better in school, especially in academic areas like science, mathematics and language. early music instruction fosters this academic achievement by enhancing cognitive development in children, increasing their ability to be better problem solvers and critical thinkers.of the many ways to involve your child in music, the suzuki method is one of the highest quality educational pathways to providing your child with a musical foundation. designed to stimulate and engage children at every stage of development, the suzuki method awakens and encourages their growing awareness. not only does learning music have developmental benefits, it is a fun and exciting journey where lifelong friendships are made.the suzuki method, taught at buffalo suzuki strings since 1969, offers personal instrumental instruction for: violin, viola, cello, piano, classical guitar, harp, and suzuki early childhood education.

previous


next



want to know more about the benefits of the suzuki method?for more information, contact buffalo suzuki strings. we'd love to get to know you! 

 
 



buffalo suzuki strings musical arts center
4 webster street
north tonawanda, new york 14120info@buffalosuzukistrings.org(716) 743-8728facebook link instagram link copyright 2023 buffalo suzuki strings. all rights reserved.  
 










2025 spring concert program ad submissions, deadline 2/14/25: click here 















 





























