



radio userland: what is radio userland?

















home  |  manila  |  radio  |  support  |  news










radio userland




radio is an easy-to-use weblog tool that runs on your desktop.  radio will automatically build your weblog, organize and archive your posts, and publish it to the web in minutes. it takes all of the hassle out of website publishing so you can focus on writing, posting pictures, and linking to sites you like. if you like simplicity, ease-of-use, and saving money, radio is the tool for you. userland provides one year of optional hosting for your radio weblog when you purchase the software. also, radio makes it possible to edit your site while off-line and publish it quickly over a dial-up connection.
radio includes a powerful newsreader that allows you to subscribe to all of the sites you like.  radio will automatically go out onto the web and find new updates to sites like the nytimes, the bbc, and weblogs that you subscribe to every hour. radio will then display all updates to these sites in a single news page for easy scanning. it is a great productivity tool for people that want to keep up with the news.
pricing, versions, screens 
	radio userland costs only $39.95. radio includes a year of optional hosting for your weblog (that's $3.33 a month! for the software, hosting, and software updates) with up to 40mb of storage space. updates to the software can be renewed for additional years at the same price.  hosting may change in price in the future. you also have the option of publishing your radio weblog to any location you desire using radio's support for ftp (for example an isp or an intranet server). try a 30-day free trial today, you will be publishing in minutes.
	radio userland is available in versions for macintosh os x, macintosh classic, and windows xp, 2000, nt and 98. macintosh classic users running msie -- it's highly recommended that you read this note, for optimal performance.
	screen shots: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11.
new book: radio userland kick start 
rogers cadenhead, author of teach yourself java in 24 hours has written a book called radio userland kick start. this books includes both the basics of using radio to publish your weblog, and a very comprehensive overview of programming radio to enhance your weblog or build completely new applications that leverage web services.
	you can buy the book at 30% off with free shipping from sams publishing.
	you can read the table of contents and three sample chapters on rogers' website.
new york times headlines in radio userland 
on april 10, 2002, nytimes.com announced that it had "reached an agreement with userland software to distribute content from nytimes.com to the network of radio userland 8.0 desktop content management users. this new feature allows new york times links to flow, with reader annotation, through the growing network of weblog sites published with radio 8."
	new!  great news.  the nytimes.com recently instituted an archive policy for all online articles older than 7 days (it costs $2.95 per article).  userland has been able to secure a deal with the nytimes.com to enable all article links available to radio userland and manila customers free for the foreseeable future.  in order to take advantage of this generous offer, download radio today. 
click here for information on subscribing to new york times headlines with radio userland.
new windows interface for radio from socialdynamx 
userland teamed up with socialdynamx to build a new interface for radio userland called fm.  it includes a full editing controls (including a spell checker), a three pane newsreader (like many e-mail packages), and tabbed browsing.  fm costs $39.95 (you must have radio installed in order to use it). 
	screen shots: 1 2 3. step by step examples of how to use fm radio.
	free 30-day trial download.
purchase fm radio.
reviews from press and customers 


 









key radio userland features


 


easy browser-based editing. use your browser to post items to your home page and write stories. 
powerful publishing. update your site through radio's one-click publishing. upstream files, documents, and pictures to your website by dropping them in a folder. let radio do all the work.
get news delivered to you. subscribe to hundreds of news sites and personal weblogs. radio automatically gathers news from all of these sources and displays them on a convenient news page. you can easily publish this news to your weblog with two clicks of your mouse.
become a web service. radio automatically turns the content on your weblog into a xml feed that can be syndicated and subscribed to by other radio users.
it works through firewalls. radio enables you to publish your weblog through a firewall or nat. 
get your own web url. every radio user gets free hosting of their website for one year with their purchase of radio. no need to pay extra hosting fees.
works with any web hosting service. radio sites can be sent to any isp. all you need to do is enter your ftp account information. 
works offline. edit your site while on the road or disconnected. since radio lives on your desktop or laptop, you can add to your site even when not connected. when you connect again, radio will make all the updates for you.
easy navigation. radio enables readers to access back-issues of your weblog through a intuitive calendar on the homepage. every day has its own url.
full content management system under the hood. templates, stories, pictures. macros and a complete scripting engine connect to radio's powerful content management environment. 
super-quick setup. after downloading the software you'll be editing your first site in your browser, in the time it would take to get a cup of coffee. 
complete control. change the look, fonts, colors, type, and more.
friendly community. when you start your weblog you are joining a huge community of other webloggers. radio includes information on your site's traffic, referrers to your site, and recently updated sites. radio automatically connects you to this community, no additional work is needed. 


 

 










information week: "userland's products make business blogs possible. the vendor's client software, radio userland 8.0, can be used by individuals to design, publish, and maintain weblogs."
chicago sun-times: "the aggregator found in radio userland is even more powerful, but then again things from userland generally are."
st. petersburg times: "it's an easy-to-use software package where perhaps the hardest part is deciding what you want to say rather than how to say it. right out of the box, all you have to do is type in your message, click a button, then sit back."
the economist: "blogging has taken off thanks to the development of online tools, such as blogger and userland, which make it simple and cheap to update personal web content instantly."
washington post: "the program, its templates and other elements work smoothly, and you can go from downloading the program to publishing your thoughts on the web during a coffee break."
cnet: "to get started with radio userland, just download and install the slim 3mb software package. a wizard walks you through the simple installation--a preview of radio's overall ease of use."
washington post: "[radio userland] could finally make weblogs as easy to setup as a my yahoo page."
webmonkey: "they've made it simple for beginners to get involved in a kind of active network that would've required much more know-how a few years ago."
techtv: "free download of the day: radio userland."
byte's jon udell: "the icing on the cake, though, is the soap support. it's easy for radio 8 to consume, or produce, soap services. so a developer who's happiest in perl, python, or ruby can connect into and out of radio without needing to become a frontier expert. with radio 8 [userland] has taken another big step forward."
winplanet: "download (2.8mb) and install the $40 program, and you can have a basic weblog up and running in five minutes -- even if you know literally nothing about html or ftp. radio 8 is a jaw-dropping jump forward in accessible online publishing."
dan shafer (founder of cnet's builder.com): "radio 8 is the web's typewriter."
chris pirillo, lockergnome newsletter: "overall, [radio userland is] a great tool -- and one worth considering when you start the blogging process."
dan gillmor (columnist for san jose mercury news): "this is the first post to the os x version of my new radio weblog. couldn't be easier. this is really quite remarkable."
michael fraase: "radio has given moderately sophisticated computer users the power to publish syndicated dynamic content on the web with little to no knowledge of the underlying technology (although that’s open and accessible for our nerd buddies; radio is built upon open formats and protocols)."
karl martino, technology development manager for knightridder digital: "i'm gonna make a bold claim -- that radio is the lotus 123 of weblogging."
steve hooker: "it took 3 minutes and 40 seconds!" (to post the first item on his weblog.)
rené de vries: "this could do to sharing knowledge what email did to get people to communicate."
adam curry: "i'm buying a copy of radio 8.0 for everyone in my company."
gary petersen: "including hosting with the annual cost of the license was a stroke of genius."
jt perry: "your grandma will be building a site faster than you!"
meryl evans: "no more schlepping from news site to news site."
rael dornfest (o'reilly): "i must admit radio userland 8 is brill! congrats to dave and the userland crew -- this is truly nice. i have no idea what lives beneath the hood, but what i see on the surface and the functionality it provides has me impressed. i'll keep posting as i fiddle." rael is a researcher with o'reilly & associates. 
garret vreeland: "dump anything in radio's www folder, and it's been filed, uploaded, backed up, statically rendered, content managed, diced, chopped, ground, and served on a platter."
clark venable: "i'm excited to have a mac os x version that i can use to manage the multiple web sites that i maintain, all from one outline document! content management couldn't be easier or cheaper."
dann sheridan: "the big features for me are: remote access and editing, mail to weblog, categories, extensibility. the other thing i'll comment on is performance. i honestly don't have an application on my desktop that starts up faster than radio. this is pretty amazing."
david davies: "i think radio userland 8.0 is the first killer desktop app bringing scriptable web publishing to the masses. it's very stable. it runs non-stop on my mac and never crashes."
daniel berlinger: "sign up, join the fun (get a usernum), have a weblog."
meryl k. evans: "you've got quite a product! it'll make it very easy for the newbies. i thought i was hooked on weblogs.com until i met radio userland's weblog desktop and that became the definition of hooked. ... it's got the most awesome features never before seen in a weblog app or content management system."

deep development platform 
	radio userland is a full web application development and runtime environment. it puts an industrial-strength http server on your desktop. full content management system. apps run in the browser. server software and data are on the user's system. 
	because radio supports xml-rpc and soap, you can run software that links into new distributed xml-based networks, being created by developers on all platforms, in languages such as python, perl, tcl, visual basic, php and applescript. even c, java and microsoft .net software can wire up to the radio desktop over the internet. 
	userland played a leading role in developing the new standards, along with microsoft, netscape and ibm. you can play a leading role in building the new open xml-based internet. with radio, the internet itself becomes a scripting environment.
	the apps we've bundled with radio show that it works, and are provided with full source code, so you can see how they work, and get new ideas. radio's success shows that users like having control of their data, and the uniform performance of web apps that run on their desktop. and radio makes it easy for you to create new applications that go far beyond those that we've created.
read more about radio userland as a developer environment in an article written by userland founder, dave winer.



copyright 2025 userland softwaremembership: join now : login






    tune into radio and experience the power and freedom of desktop web publishing
    







    
home download features new user tutorials documentation directory faqs news and updates discussion group developers












