









blue water pool supplies and services – family owned and operated since 1975, we pride ourselves on honesty and hard work.

















































home
services
tips
portfolio
about
news
contact
 








extraordinary service since 1975
1731 s ridgewood ave. south daytona, fl 32119

											386-761-1763 
										




pool maintenance & repair
we accommodate cleaning and repair requests very quickly. 

											services 
										




wide selection of chemicals
get your water tested by someone with a strong knowledge in pool water chemistry.

											call us today 
										




new pool construction
we build new custom pools and renovate existing ones.

											features 
										

















					services				







maintenance
repeatedly voted “best around” by daytona beach news journal readers, our group of maintenance techs are qualified and reliable. 





repairs
employing two full time repair technicians and four cleaning technicians, we are able to accommodate cleaning and repair requests very quickly.





new pools
we build new custom pools and renovate existing ones. let us give you a free bid to transform your backyard into the pool you’ve always dreamed of.








acid wash
if your pool has gotten away from or you just bought a home with a neglected pool, call us. we can turn any pool around.





water analysis
our retail employees are not here for a summer job. with our experience we can give you expert analysis on the chemistry of your pool.





retail store
always honest, we never tell you to buy something that is not necessary. come in and see us or call anytime to set up a free estimate.












						basic pool care tips					


1
2
3
4
5




										always maintain a consistent chlorine level									
with florida’s tropical climate there is no other factor in pool water chemistry that is more important than a proper chlorine level.






										proper filtration is key									
having your system running the correct amount of hours with a normal operating pressure, coupled with the suction lines adjusted in the correct position, is the recipe for crystal clear water.






										remove organic debris as often as you are able									
leaves, grass,  dirt and other contaminants use up sanitizer and can affect the ph level of your pool.






										shock the pool after heavy usage or heavy rainfall									
heavy bather load and new water being introduced lowers sanitizer and throws the ph off.  shocking the water after both will prevent an issue before it begins.






										don't neglect your calcium level									
adding calcium when it’s needed keeps your finish and grout strong, neglecting it will leave a finish susceptible to staining and pop-off and also grout coming out of the grout joints.










						why choose us					




										family owned and operated since 1975									


										we pride ourselves on honesty and hard work.									


										best place to get your water tested and seek advice (free).									


										able to accommodate requests very quickly.									


										our service departments are top notch.									






portfolio
                        [supsystic-gallery id=1]
















































































































































1
2
► 
-->
                        






about us


in business since 1975, blue water pools is family owned and operated. employing people with backgrounds in every facet of the swimming pool industry, we are the only company you will ever need to hire. with our centrally located retail store, customers can get their water tested by someone with a strong knowledge in pool water chemistry. with a heavy emphasis on parts we often have the part that other stores do not. always willing to help the customer, we will do our best to help a customer figure out an issue over the phone or here in the store. with two experienced repair technicians, we are able to install new equipment or service your existing equipment. we are also licensed gas installers and can service most existing gas heaters and install new as well.  from plumbing leaks to motor swap outs to complete system upgrades with automation and salt system, we can handle it all. with four full time maintenance technicians working from north ormond down to port orange and ponce inlet, we cover a wide range in the greater daytona beach area.
we also build new custom pools and renovate existing ones. with an in-house crew of skilled workers there is no job too big or small.
call today to get a free estimate.







				our latest posts			







									how to make your swimming pool energy efficient									

september 28, 2020
are you looking to make your swimming pool more energy efficient? no matter whether you are looking to do so to reduce your impact on the environment, or to help you save...										


9117
0












									how to revamp your pool									

august 17, 2020
if your swimming pool has been in place for a number of years, you might be looking to give it a bit of a refresh and bring it back to its former...										


9343
0












									top signs your swimming pool needs repairing									

july 18, 2020
swimming pools are a wonderful addition to any home, but they do require regular maintenance and upkeep to ensure that they remain in the very best condition. however, occasionally you will need...										


10431
0








view all news



in business since 1975


in business since 1975
family owned and operated since 1975, we pride ourselves on honesty and hard work. with a retail store employing knowledgeable personnel, we are the best place in town to get your water tested (free) and to seek advice (also free).

our service departments are also top notch. employing people with backgrounds in every facet of the swimming pool industry, including two full time repair technicians and four cleaning technicians, we are able to accommodate cleaning and repair requests very quickly. 




blue water pool supplies


					blue water pool supplies				

										call us today					




send us an email
use the following form to request a call back or send us a message via email.













































 








phone

386-761-1763



email

bluewaterpoolsupplies@msn.com



address
1731 s ridgewood ave. south daytona, fl 32119







				            contact us			            
we are the only pool service you will ever need!













 family owned and operated since 1975
phone: 386-761-1763
email: bluewaterdaytona@gmail.com
address: 1731 s ridgewood ave. south daytona, fl 32119

 
 
			© blue water pool supplies: all rights reserved			







recent posts


how to make your swimming pool energy efficient


how to revamp your pool


top signs your swimming pool needs repairing


top five pool cleaning myths


 
 





main menuhome
services
tips
portfolio
about
news
contact
 
 



pool equipment


san juan
hayward
pentair


plaster and tile


clindustries
lauderdaletile
nobletile
floridastucco
mastertile
luvtile









































