







managed security services: cybersecurity leadership | onshore security




































































onshore securitybecause security gives us freedom.


managed security

panoptic cyberdefense

panoptic cyberdefense overview

cybersecurity in banking


managed detection and response
mdr + ndr
security orchestration
the panoptic approach


cybersecurity leadership

cybersecurity leadership
continuous vulnerability management
security assessments

security assessments
security maturity assessment




managed security solutions

managed security solutions
panoptic sensor
managed firewall
managed edr




resources

articles

detection is your superpower
why we win


blog posts
onsecurity podcast
news
videos


about us

why we win
our mission
our clients
leadership team
community
onshore security jobs
press


contact










company news






onshore security is now part of cybermaxx: better together
together, we bring a scalable, modern mdr approach
that integrates threat detection, investigation,
and response into a seamless solution.
learn more


















protect your network & get cybersecurity compliant






our purpose is to give you the freedom to move at the speed of business without worrying about cybersecurity.
we keep you from falling into the cybersecurity technology trap: you need more than just technology to protect your network. cybersecurity is a process, not a product.
























managed security services: our elite blue team will defend your network 24/7
























protect customer data









protect your network against threats with 24/7 security orchestration, including siem, mdr and rapid response to mitigate potential cybersecurity issues.






more




















keep regulators happy






get cybersecurity compliant with government and industry requirements, including fdic, ffiec, glba, hipaa, pci, and more.






more




















give your board confidence






answer “what are you doing about cybersecurity?” with total confidence knowing you’ve got all the reporting you need for board members to feel secure.






more
































empower your it team
extend your it department's capabilities to ensure network security, diagnose real threats vs. false positives, and keep up with best practices and technology.


















testimonials“it’s nice to have someone overlooking everything. we didn’t have visibility over our entire network before onshore. we have a lot more peace of mind and can sleep better at night with onshore.”– cfo, midwest bank with $1b in assetstestimonials“we trust in onshore because they do business with a whole lot of banks, and they have standards that i can’t even imagine. onshore does a good job reporting what they’re seeing and blocking. they’re in constant communication. onshore sees what’s coming sooner than i do, which is why i asked them to be part of our security board – like a virtual ciso.”– cio, construction firm with $5b in revenues























how we work























panoptic cyberdefense®






our core service is our 24/7 soc-as-a-service with mdr, ndr, and security orchestration augmenting your team.
onshore clients sleep well at night because they trust us to protect their network as a 24/7 security operations center (soc), complete with reporting to prove that we’re doing what we promise.
we call this panoptic cyberdefense managed security services, which includes:

managed detection & response (mdr)
mdr + network detection and response
security orchestration








more






















managed security solutions






we don’t stop there. we fully supply and manage systems such as nexgen firewalls, edr, mfa, and vulnerability management for protection and compliance.

using cutting edge technology is central to protecting your network and getting you compliant – and so is monitoring, tuning and reporting on its findings.
we supply, monitor and support a wide variety of technology, including:

panoptic sensors & siem
managed nexgen firewalls
managed edr
vulnerability management
email security
sd-wan








more






















cybersecurity leadership






our consulting helps you develop your true security posture and program. proceed confidently with the support of your executive team and board.

are you concerned about intrusions, ransomware, business email compromise (bec), or other critical gaps in your cybersecurity?
if so, get a cybersecurity check-up today or learn more about our other cybersecurity assessments:

dark web monitoring: get a free scan today
risk assessments
cybersecurity policy creation
governance, risk & compliance (grc) consulting
vciso outsourcing








more



















recent newsonsecurity podcast – episode 20: engaging with attackersonsecurity podcast – episode 20: engaging with attackers listen on spotify or apple podcasts as the tactics of hackers and […]sec’s rule 106 creates confusion instead of standardssec’s rule 106 creates confusion instead of standards -stel valavanis one of the main purposes of the sec is to […]onshore security named to mssp alert’s 2023 list of top 250 msspsonshore security, a leading provider of enterprise-grade cybersecurity solutions nationwide, ranks among the top 250 managed security service providers (mssps) […]








 
312-850-5200




216 w. jackson blvd.
chicago, il 60606


info@onshore.com




emailfacebooklinkedintwitteryoutube
home
managed security services
jobs


























