

majestic waterfowl sanctuary - a non-profit organization and sanctuary dedicated to finding homes for abandoned ducks and geese







9








 


 
 
 

 majestic waterfowl sanctuary, 17 barker road, lebanon, ct, 06249


 
 


search this website: 





 


 
 






 







  


  


  


 


 


 


  


 


 


  



  








donate now!


2021 blue ribbon contest!





newsletter archives




adoption faq




mini tins!
 
   
 		
 

 















 
ducks
								  always appear to be smiling...


even when they have so little to
								smile about.



we give
								ducks and geese a reason to smile!

one of the 
								largest sanctuaries in the u.s. entirely devoted 
								to domestic ducks & geese!







										experienced domestic duck & goose
										rescuers






knowledgeable care
										providers






access
										to top-notch vet care







										serving
										the best waterfowl diet on the market






along
										with the full royal treatment!





								ducklings and goslings are often purchased in
								the spring, especially around easter time. many
								families are not prepared for their quick
								maturity. they are not clean indoor pets and
								families frequently decide that they do not fit
								into their lifestyle. not sure what to do with
								their pet, they drop them off on local ponds.

								ducks and geese are domestic animals. they have
								been bred to depend entirely upon our care. they
								can live anywhere from 8-15 years, sometimes
								even longer when properly protected in safe pens
								and maintained on healthy diets. when abandoned,
								many do not survive their first winter.
								predators like owls, coyotes, dogs, raccoons and
								foxes, make quick work of these non-flying,
								defenseless birds. many of them even succumb to
								acts of cruelty by humans. in addition, domestic
								waterfowl can not fly over land obstacles and
								often stumble and suffer serious hip, leg and
								foot injuries--breaks and dislocations.

								during the summer, park visitors unknowingly
								feed these ducks unhealthy food items like
								bread, chips, pastries and cereal instead of
								specifically designed duck food. these snacks
								fill up their bellies and discourage them from
								foraging for healthier foods. the result of this
								dietary inadequacy is malnutrition, which in
								turn can lead to deteriorated feather quality
								and even lameness.

								when domestic ducks and geese breed with their
								wild counterparts, their offspring are usually
								flightless and unable to migrate as well. this
								increases the population of non-migrating birds
								on ponds. eco-systems rely on the natural
								recovery period that comes when wild ducks and
								geese migrate away; having non-flying ducks and
								geese on ponds interferes with nature's agenda.
								in addition, these flightless ducklings and
								goslings are exposed to the same dangers as
								their domestic parent.

								those that survive the summer begin to face
								starvation in the fall as natural food sources
								like grass and pond organisms diminish. when
								winter comes, their ponds freeze over and they
								cannot fly away like their wild counterparts.
								their food sources have completely vanished and
								they are trapped on the ponds to which they were
								abandoned. 

								these abandoned pets sit out on the freezing water in a
								desperate attempt to avoid onshore predators.
								they try to stay awake, plucking away at the ice
								that is forming around their bodies until they
								cannot help but succumb to sleep. once
								unconscious, the ice encroaches around them and
								they become trapped--frozen in place. some die
								of exposure to the cold while others find
								themselves helplessly faced with predators,
								which venture out onto the ice. it is a vile and
								inhumane death.



								majestic waterfowl sanctuary is the only animal
								shelter in new england entirely dedicated to the
								care of domestic ducks and geese, and one of
								only a handful of these exclusive shelters found
								in the entire country. these are companion
								animals with emotions. they are traumatized when
								abandoned by their families, and they need our
							  help and care. ultimately, they need yours too. 





















												majestic wish list
donate items to
												help! 





the majestic monthly
issue 218: 2nd quarter, 2023
												 







												majestic store
proceeds go to 
												majestic!   



the 
												ultimate pet duck guidebook, 
												2nd edition
												


												available now! 



the ultimate pet goose 
												guidebook, 
												2nd edition
												
												available 
												now! 



my name is destiny...



												available now! 



interrupting duck!

												available now! 




												my ducky diary!


												available now!




quack
												tracks

is it a boy or a girl duck?
												listen to our audio quacks to
												distinguish the gender of your
												feathered friend!






												diagnostic chart


												noticing something odd about 
												your pet's health or behavior? 





all about our
												sanctuary
take a mini tour
												of our sanctuary and see where
												your donations are going! 



10 reasons to
												adopt a duck or goose from
												majestic
highest
												standards, worry-free adoptions,
												and more! 



sanctuary visits
												schedule an 
												appointment! 




												e-list sign up
												sign up to
												receive our monthly newsletters. 



												duck & goose sitting
												pet sitting 
												services for your duck or goose!
 






												 










 



 





our
						mission

our mission at majestic waterfowl
						sanctuary is to stop the vicious cycle of waterfowl
						abandonment.
through rescue, rehabilitation,
						placement and education, we do everything we can to
						prevent the inhumane physical and emotional
						traumatization and death of these former pets--first at
						a local level here in connecticut, and ultimately at a
						national level.
we humanely capture abandoned domestic
						ducks and geese and bring them into our sanctuary for
						care and medical treatment. once physically and
						emotionally healthy, we do everything we can to find
						them safe, loving and permanent new homes.

how it all began...
in november of 2004, kim & tony link and
						a handful of volunteers embarked on several rescue
						missions to humanely capture a group of abandoned ducks
						on spaulding pond at mohegan park in connecticut. the
						ducks were dumped there early summer by families who
						grew tired of their no longer small and fuzzy spring
						easter ducklings. with winter around the corner, the
						rescue team needed to remove the near dozen pekin ducks
						from the pond to prevent them from dying of starvation,
						cold exposure and predatory attacks.
after a series of visits to the pond, in
						which many hours were spent rounding up the elusive
						ducks, the crew managed to rescue all but a couple of
						the pekins who disappeared before they could be safely
						removed from the hazardous area.
although the rescue operation was
						largely a success, kim knew that the root of the problem
						needed to be eliminated or the issue would resurface
						again the following year. it was then that she decided
						to establish a sanctuary and rescue organization that
						would address this problem and provide a safe haven for
						those ducks and geese that were left to fend for
						themselves by their owners. thus, majestic waterfowl
						sanctuary was hatched.

life at majestic
at majestic, we fulfill the needs of
						abandoned waterfowl. they receive vet care, top notch
						diets, fresh water and ponds to swim on. they thrive in
						grassy pens with shade trees and cozy duck houses. we
						list them on our adoption pages and help find new homes
						for them. we screen perspective homes carefully to
						ensure that they will be going to thoroughly prepared
						families with safe, predator-proof pens, and full
						awareness of the responsibilities of waterfowl
						ownership.

make a donation to our organization
we are recognized 501(c)(3) organization 
						and always in need of financial donations.
						it's your help that makes everything we do possible! our
						staff members do not draw salaries of any kind--we are
						comprised entirely of volunteers. this means your
						donations go a long way in assisting the ducks and geese
						here as well as helping to make room for those who are waiting to come in. 
the more assistance we get from you, the more assistance
						we can provide to the ducks and geese that so
						desperately need our help. there are two ways to donate:
						online via paypal or
						by mail. supply donations
						are always welcome. please visit our
						wish list for items we are
						currently in need of.

adopt a duck or goose

if
						you have room in your heart and a safe home for a feathered
						friend or two, consider adopting one of our rescues. we
						invite you to fill out our online adoption application.

						important information and requirements as well as
						our adoption application can be found on our 
						
						adoption page. please consider our
						requirements carefully before completing an
						application for adoption. we require predator proof pens
						for all of our waterfowl--no free range homes please!
 						


sponsor a duck or goose

						no room in your home for a new family member? consider sponsoring! sponsorships
						are $25 for three months. 

						sponsors receive a welcome
						letter, a certificate of sponsorship and a whole bunch 
						of ducky goodies
						delivered in a golden gift tube; plus, we list your name
						on the 
						
						sponsor hall of fame page. for more information on
						sponsoring please visit our
						sponsoring page.

except where otherwise indicated, all 
						material contained within this website is copyrighted.© majestic 
				waterfowl sanctuary 2005





 






 

  web design  © 2005 abby l. garcia
  contact webmaster





