








custom glass etching by krystal glass company
































 










(561) 601-4181
info@krystalglasscompany.com



facebook




twitter




google




rss


  





facebook




twitter




google




rss



request a quote
  
 
 







home
company

about us
meet the artist
faqs


services

illuminated glass
etched glass
carved glass
custom mirrors
etched glass shower doors
etched glass signs
painted glass


clients

home/business owners
interior designers
yacht/boat owners


reviews
blog
contact
 



 



select page


  
 
 











krystal glass company












helping people enjoy their homes, businesses, and yachts by creating one-of-a-kind custom glass etching that becomes the focal point of the room and the topic of conversation.


custom fine art glass by peter edward
(561) 601-4181

 
 






 
 
 
 





home & business owners
spectacular custom glass etching with exceptional customer service since 1980.
 
 
 



interior designers
trusted interior design partner for 35 years of custom glass etching solutions.
 
 
 



yacht & boat owners
stunning krystal glass company showpieces for sailing and entertaining in luxury.
 
 
 
 
 



image galleries of custom glass etching
 
 
 


illuminated glass
 
 

etched glass
 
 

carved glass
 
 
 


decorative mirrors
 
 

etched glass showers
 
 

logos & signs
 
 
 
 




years of experience

 


art glass projects

 


sq. ft. of art glass created

 


social media followers

 
 
 





exceptional customer service

thank you for 35 years!
glass artist peter edward & karen jurgens

about us
 
 
 
 
 
 



what our clients are saying
don’t just take it from us, let our clients do the talking!
 
 
 


“thank you so much for the beautiful piece of art. pete created a masterpiece. the detail, creativity, flow of the etched glass exceeded my expectations. she is beautiful and so far has amazed the carpenters, the electrician, and kathy and i. we just love it. pete is remarkable in his talent and the best to both of you.”
doug & kathy
gobles, michigan
 
 

“krystal glass company is a wonderful company to work with on many levels including design, detail, and scheduling. the custom designed and etched art glass windows are the first project i used krystal glass company for. their quality and finished product was excellent.”
linda cohen, asid
l.a. cohen design
 
 
 

“it’s truly gorgeous! it truly is a work of art but i’m sure you hear that all the time! it’s fabulous. we just love it. the main reasons we selected peter edward and krystal glass company are their flexibility, hands on one-on-one attention from the artist, and the attention to detail that went into the project.” 
steve & patti
marietta, georgia
 
 

“krystal glass company is easy to work with. they take control of my referrals and i don’t have to worry about follow-up. the quality of workmanship has always been top-notch, you can tell by how nicely the design “flows” that the job was never rushed. i have several sources for glass etching but  i always recommend peter edward.”
dennis smith
seacoast window & door
 
 
 
 
 






(561) 601-4181
call now to learn more or schedule an appointment.
meet the artist
 
 
 
 
 
 
share with friends      
 
 




call us today we'd love to discuss your custom art glass project with you. 
(561) 601-4181

  see us on houzz.com 



    recent posts 

top 3 reasons interior designers love krystal glass company, part 3


top 3 reasons interior designers love krystal glass company, part 2


top 3 reasons interior designers love krystal glass company, part 1


    
 privacy policyterms & conditions
    
 


   © 2016 krystal glass company, inc. 
 

 
 
 














