






culver-stockton college | canton, missouri





























































































skip to content




































refer a wildcat





request info





visit c-sc





apply





give


 















 














search









				what can we help you find?			



search



 







 



































academics

 your success
is our passion
at culver-stockton college, our students come first. our 14:1 student-to-faculty ratio means you’ll enjoy focused, individualized attention. we are committed to your success.

academic programsmajors & minors
graduate & professional studies
graduate programs
online undergraduate programs
core - career online resources & education
pre-professional programs
course schedules
academic catalog
inspired learningexperiential learning
johnson-turner idea center
genomics
travel study
moorman professorship program
tri-state development
leadership - konneker
opportunitieshonors
catalyst
peer tutoring
4-year guarantee
first year experience
student leadership
beyond the classroom
resourcesstudent success
registrar
commencement
accessibility & accommodations
career & internship center
accreditation & outcomes
library
order textbooks
faculty & staff directory

admissions & aid

 rise to the occasion,
begin your journey
we’re excited that you are interested in the vibrant experiences and educational opportunities that culver-stockton college offers. we want you here.

information for:first year students
transfer and re-admit students
international students
online undergraduate students
graduate students
parents and families
cost & financial aidcost & financial aid
academic scholarships
additional scholarships & awards
federal & state aid
private loans
payment options
organizational discount agreements
admission & aid resourcesfinancial aid forms and policies
outside financial aid scholarships and resources
net price calculator
financial aid faqs
how to choose a college
ap credit
registration day resources
viewbook

campus life

 the education you need
the experiences you want
affectionately known as “the hill” to generations of students, you can expect to form lifelong friendships, enjoy transformational experiences and discover your passions. welcome to “the hill.”

things to dostudent organizations
intramurals
fraternity & sorority life
spiritual life
wildcat traditions
marching band
student produced media
around the hilldining options
mabee recreation & wellness center
residence halls
campus map
parking map
exploring beyond the hill
your connectionscounseling & wellness
campus safety
student handbook
wildcat warehouse
student life

athleticsalumniadvancementabout

 transforming the academic experience since 1853
the wildcat community extends around the globe-united by more than 160 years of tradition, built on excellence in education. our tradition grounds us. your future inspires us.

leadershipoffice of the president
office of the provost
board of trustees
campus leadership
recognitionsaccreditation & outcomes
third party rankings
highlightsby the numbers
faq
disclosures
about c-scabout
our history
canton










 





































experience
culver-stockton college

















 









be
bold



at culver-stockton college, we don’t define you, you define your future. together, the possibilities are endless 






 









think
big



as the midwest’s premier experiential learning college, our students don’t just know what to do; they know how to do it. 






 









create
change



we don’t replicate; we innovate, and we ask our students to do that too. your passion has a home on “the hill”, your purpose belongs to the world. 




















it all
starts here




















ron leftwichstudents who attend culver-stockton college are in for an amazing learning experience. this happens because of the community of faculty, staff and administrators who work so well together to ensure every student is provided with a time in life that instills knowledge and experience for a great future. the unique experiential learning curriculum developed by the faculty sends students of promise into the future with the tools to be successful. the college was there for me and so many others and it is here for you, come join us!justin & alexis gummculver-stockton college has such a special place in our hearts because it is not only where we met, but it has been the educational foundation for our blossoming careers. all of our professors truly believed in us and pushed us to pursue our dreams. justin played football at c-sc, and alexis was very active in the chi omega fraternity. we are currently living in milwaukee, wisconsin with our 2 ½ year old son, houston brooks. justin teaches and is the head football coach at hamilton high school in sussex. he has been fortunate to have some significant coaching success, leading him to his 3rd head coaching job. his current job is in the biggest division at a very sought-after program. alexis is now a pediatric gastroenterologist, graduating from fellowship this spring. she will pursue her final year of training to become a pediatric transplant hepatologist at boston children’s hospital, harvard medical school, starting july 2021.alex gonzalezi chose c-sc because it gave me the opportunity to continue playing my sport, all while getting an excellent education. when stepping on campus for the first time, i just knew this is where i belonged. family is everything to me, and to end up choosing a school that is over 1,000 miles from home, is truly a testament to the kind of place this is. culver is truly one of a kind!laken hugenbergbeing local, i always knew that c-sc was an option for me, but when i visited, met with professors, and looked across campus, i knew i was home. the professors invested in me in ways that i never thought possible, and because of these relationships, they encouraged me to seek career possibilities that i never dreamed of! i graduated in three years and participated in early admission to kcu’s med program, all because of the promise that my teachers saw in me! the opportunities provided to me at culver-stockton college were outrageous and i am so thankful that i chose to begin my future at c-sc! jerrid cosbyi always wanted to be a coach, and when i got to culver-stockton college, i found teaching was my passion. the relationships with professors, coaches, and community members changed my life! my hometown is a high-violence area, but i beat the odds because of c-sc! i am thankful for the people placed on my path to becoming an educator. now, i am beginning my career as a teacher, and i will make a difference in the lives of young people. thank you, c-sc!





















80%of students participate in travel study courses during their 4 yearslearn more →95%of students are employed or in grad school within 6 months of graduating 
*based on the knowledge rate of respondents, which represents the percentage of individuals who provided data regarding their post-graduation outcomes98%of our students receive financial aid


















all you need is the desire to be bold, think big, and create change.






we will do the rest.




















request
info







this is your future that we’re talking about. it’s the time to be courageous and open to all opportunities provided to you. it’s time to make bold choices.







request info








 
























recent
news








 

 




economic development program gains national recognition



						february 11, 2025					



read more 





 

 




culver-stockton college celebrated historic covenant with  canton christian church



						february 10, 2025					



read more 












view all recent news












upcoming
events













						upcoming events					






			feb		

			14		








7:30 pm - 8:30 pm 



		theatre production-staged readings of original works (ace)	










			feb		

			15		








7:30 pm - 8:30 pm 



		theatre production-staged readings of original works (ace)	










			feb		

			16		








3:00 pm - 4:00 pm 



		theatre production-staged readings of original works (ace)	










			feb		

			17		








february 17 @ 12:00 am - february 18 @ 12:00 am 



		summer 2025 registration opens	









		view calendar	












view all events














 



















information for







parents and familiesalumni & friendsaccess & accessibilityemploymentmyculvertranscript requests








quick links







directorymap & directionscampus safetybookstorewildcat warehousecalendarlibrarya-z index








about c-sc







our historyaboutoffice of the presidentcampus lifeby the numbersin the newscontact us










the mission of culver-stockton college is to prepare students of promise for a dynamic world through our distinctive experiential curriculum within a supportive learning community founded upon the best values of faith and the human spirit.






the mission of culver-stockton college is to prepare students of promise for a dynamic world through our distinctive experiential curriculum within a supportive learning community founded upon the best values of faith and the human spirit.





















573-288-6000
admission@culver.edu
one college hill
canton, mo 63435






















































the mission of culver-stockton college is to prepare students of promise for a dynamic world through our distinctive experiential curriculum within a supportive learning community founded upon the best values of faith and the human spirit.



















 © copyright 2025 culver-stockton college, all rights reserved.









website accessibility | privacy | sitemap









 




 



























