










maintenance training - home and garden tips






































				maintenance training















home
contact
 



















maintenance training
home and garden tips




- select -
contact
home




skip to content

home
contact










home and garden


custom metal work ideas


september 10, 2020 published by:  vibeph 







if you want to incorporate industrial design into your upcoming home redesign project, here are a few ideas for tailored metalwork that you should consider. metal railings, such as aluminium or steel, can serve as a unique focal point in your home. they can be decorated with ornate details or combined with glass and wood elements.
metal is a strong material and can last for years without varnish or coating, so it is a good choice for any home design project.
if you have access to scrap steel, you will have a cheap material from which to make beautiful ornaments. instead of using wood as the main body, aluminium can be used to create a solid base on which the screen parts can then be welded. if you had a steel frame, we would have an easy way to start making brackets for people.
you can choose whether you decorate your project in a way that makes it look realistic or whether it is characterised by a rustic steel look. you can create a lot of custom looks with simple steel tubes or an open frame design. for a profitable project, you can make steel plates an interesting and unique piece of metal work for your home, office or business.
custom metal project – garden arch arbor frame
by using old trampoline legs and some lattice, this diy home welding project was built in one full day. as the wife loves playing in the garden, this custom garden arch was given as a present. it makes a great spot to hang plants and a very attractive entrance way or pathway decoration
completed garden arch frame

if you like to camp, these dutch stove holders are very practical and create extensive shelves in your garage. grab some supplies, get some steel drums and cast iron doors, and you’re ready to go to work.
with some tig welding you only have to attach the handle to the head to have a usable hammer. a simple wooden plank sits on a bridge (or ceiling or wall plug) connected to a piece of steel with a metal handle at the top and a wooden handle at the bottom.
the same principle could be used to create a fireplace poker or other tools, or even as part of a hearth for a wood stove or hob.
this way you can create something that is useful now, rather than a diy project lying around the house. you can even mount wood on a frame to create a viable coffee table that looks great in your home and makes the price you would pay in a furniture store for exactly the same piece. check out this wood-metal combination for some interesting projects that could potentially be profitable.
if you want a profitable horseshoe welding project, this could be a good option for you. pick your favourite animal and you could carve out a niche in the market or even sell it at a profit.
with the various sizes options, you can use different metals such as steel, aluminium, copper, stainless steel and even brass specifically for your project.
if you are someone who is involved in diy projects, you know how difficult it can be to find the right type of metal for the parts of your project. all you have to do is simply specify dimensions and shapes, and if you provide all the necessary information, the manufacturer will take care of the rest. which metal should the metal be made of and how does it fit with the other parts?
if you are not yet sure where the individual metal production works best for you, we can help you to decide for yourself. we visit your website and show you projects of past customers to help you design designs that could work for your home or business. you will be informed about the different metals available on the market and about the best prices.
custom metal fabricators near me
for one of our recent projects we used metalmac who is located in north-western sydney, nsw.  they were specialists in making metal parts that enhance the beauty of your work environments and home living areas. start by designing your own custom-made piece of metal that will beautify your property and enhance its appearance.
a custom-made garden sculpture or bench can give your outdoor space a moody and peaceful feel. here are some ideas that will capture your imagination, where you can use decorative metal parts to add beauty to any room!
customized metal production enables customers to bring their ideas and visions to life. individual metal inserts in concrete walls can soften the appearance and give your home, office, garden or even your personal space a creative touch. a customized metal manufacturing is at the forefront of cutting, bending and assembling metal.
check out some of our designs for what you can get in your building and let us know what it looks like in the comments below. a great resource to turn your ideas into functional reality and a great source of inspiration for your projects.
dolly is not only a wooden shelf inside, which doubles as a children’s playground, but also a safe space. follow our design and you will have a unique home-made fire bowl that will keep your children safe.















outdoors


purchasing gun cases


february 10, 2016 published by:  vibeph 







with so many different companies offering firearms cases and so many models to choose from it can be a nightmare trying to decide on which one is the best for your needs. hunters and target shooters will have varying needs that are dependent on the type and size of the weapons and the type of terrain it will be transported into. this could include temperature, snow and ice, extremely dusty, very hot and also the mode of transport meaning will the cases and firearm be exposed to severe shocks, airline transport or any other kind of rough treatment. it may be packed in the back of a truck where it is exposed to crusing weight of other stores or free to bounce around in the back.
security is another concern, and some states require that you store your firearms in a locked box for transport. this would be particularly relevent at an airport or other areas where there are large crowds of people that could potentially freak out at the sight of a gun. one of the best ways to help you choose the right gun storage cases are to find online retailers such as plano storage cases that offer product reviews and general hints and tips before purchasing.
for years the high end market has been dominated by pelican cases, who specialise in making top quality hard cover gun cases. hard covers provide the ultimate on protection because they are usually made from very high quality impact resistant polycarbonate. this polycarbonate is very light for its level of strength making for an easier unit to transport from venue to venue. many of the modern storage cases also have wheel fitted which becomes particularly handy when wheeling around airports or places where long foot travel is required. also for double gun cases, the weight of 2 firearms can be quite significant, so wheel make for a much easier means of carriage.

high grade polycarbonate cases are usually secured by 2-6 latches, spaned around the contour of the box. these latches are very positive locking making them hard to come apart under impact stress or general duties. most of the top end storage boxes run and full length water tight seal. this is a fantastic feature because, not only will it keep water and moisture away from your expensive firearms, but it will also keep dust and other particles at bay. most shooters will agree that they have a love and passion for their guns and love to take exceptionally good care of them.
inside a hard cover gun case, you will find a thick layer of foam lining the area of the box. when a user buys a case they will then need to take a sharp knife or scalpel to intricately cut the foam to the dimensions of their firearm. some cases from plano molding company have cubed foam meaning the little cubes are easy to tear out for fitting the rifle rather than cutting it with a knife. the disadvantage of this is you dont get a clean cut around the rifle and it can look a little untidy.
as previously stated, hard cover cases are best suited to transport where the rifle / case is going to be subject to bumps, impact or vibrations such as riding around in the tray of a car or rough baggage handlers. the main disadvantage of this kind of case is the size and weight. the outer shell takes up alot of surface area and volume making it harder for packing in cars where space is a concern. if this is the case, then a soft gun bag may be of consideration. the best thing about soft gun carry cases is they are very light weight and take up a minimal amount of room. they are also easy to pack into truck or trailer when ging on long trips. the downside of this is if the rifle is exposed to a harsh bump externally this could leave the rifle damaged or even bump the scope out of zero.
another advantage of a soft cover is its purchase price normally being a little cheaper than a quality hard cover. there are exceptions to the rule of course, but this is a nice feature. the soft cover cases are not water proof and general offer minimal protection from moisture and water, though better than nothing. they do however provide satisfactory dust protection. i would not recommend taking a soft gun case on a snow hunting trip for example as it will not be water resistant when sitting your gear on the snow, even it it is just in transit.
to summerise, your best to spend plenty of time looking for gun cases online and learning as much as you can from the articles before committing to a purchase.














gardening vegetation


lаndѕсаріng аnd gardening tips fоr a tіght budgеt


november 18, 2015 published by:  vibeph 







in the beginning
having a beautiful, lаndѕсареd garden іѕ еvеrуоnе’ѕ dream. unfоrtunаtеlу, ѕuсh bеаutу соmеѕ аt a рrісе. gеnеrаllу, thе more соmрlісаtеd and сlаѕѕу thе gаrdеn lооkѕ like, thе more costly іt is tо buіld аnd maintain it. exоtіс flоwеrѕ, expensive mаtеrіаlѕ and landscaping ѕеrvісе саn аll tаkе thеіr toll on thе budget.
but thеrе іѕ nо nееd tо dеѕраіr. hеrе аrе ѕоmе іdеаѕ so аn еnthuѕіаѕt can ѕаvе money in grоwіng and mаіntаіnіng a beautiful garden.
things to consider
let uѕ bеgіn wіth tоріаrіеѕ. a useful landscaping аnd gаrdеnіng tір іѕ to аvоіd buуіng expensive tоріаrу forms. inѕtеаd, a сhеар tоmаtо саgе соuld bе used. thе lеgѕ of thе саgеѕ соuld bе tied dоwn using a рlаѕtіс соаtеd wіrе оr a twіѕt wire. thе рlаnt can then be fоrmеd with the wire аѕ іtѕ frаmеwоrk.
for sturdy сuѕtоm ѕtаkеѕ fоr climbing vines аnd hаngіng plants, used pipes could be еmрlоуеd. an еvеn bеttеr stake wоuld bе аn оld оr inexpensive expandable сurtаіn rod. the gаrdеnеr can асtuаllу еxtеnd іt аѕ thе сlіmbіng vіnеѕ grоw!
anоthеr іtеm thаt еаtѕ up the budgеt is fеrtіlіzеr that іѕ sold іn a gardening ѕuррlу store. a good landscaping аnd gardening tip wоuld bе tо engage in composting. cоmроѕt can bе рrоduсеd bу putting drу leaves in a соntаіnеr. cover thе container wіth сlеаn gаrdеn ѕоіl аnd рlасе іt uрѕіdе dоwn ѕо thаt it соmеѕ іn соntасt wіth the grоund. aftеr a fеw wееkѕ, a brownish, blасk substance can bе соllесtеd frоm thе соntаіnеr. thіѕ substance, оr соmроѕt, саn be uѕеd аѕ рlаnt fertilizer.
sоmе plants nееd to bе grоwn іn lаrgе соntаіnеrѕ. a gооd landscaping аnd gаrdеnіng tір wоuld be tо fіll the bоttоm оf thе соntаіnеr wіth aluminum саnѕ before adding garden ѕоіl. they make a gооd substitute as fіllеrѕ. alѕо, thе соntаіnеr іѕ lіghtеr to mоvе or саrrу аrоund.
fоr pathways аnd bоrdеr stones, do not use brісkѕ. instead, іt іѕ сhеареr to uѕе broken pots оr сruѕhеd gravel. they аlѕо make thе gаrdеn mоrе nаturаl lооkіng.
brісk ріllаrѕ, whісh are оftеn used to dесоrаtе thе sides оf раthwауѕ аnd driveways, аdd еxсіtеmеnt tо a gаrdеn. unfortunately, if a mаѕоn іѕ employed to соnѕtruсt thеm, it wоuld соѕt thе gаrdеnеr hundrеdѕ оf dоllаrѕ.
a bеttеr way іѕ tо tаkе hееd оf this lаndѕсаріng and gardening tір: uѕе recycled brісkѕ. on a lеvеl area, рut fоur brісkѕ tоgеthеr to form a ѕԛuаrе. put аnоthеr lауеr of brісkѕ оn tор of thе fоundаtіоn. add another lауеr until іt reaches thе desired height. tор it оff wіth a wіdе stepping ѕtоnе.
final thoughts
thеѕе аrе just a fеw mоnеу saving lаndѕсаріng аnd gаrdеnіng tірѕ. with thе tips рrеѕеntеd above, it іѕ a рlеаѕаnt surprise to knоw thаt most of thе іnеxреnѕіvе but effective ways in gаrdеnіng and lаndѕсаріng comes frоm simple thіngѕ іnѕіdе a home.














uncategorized


landscaping concepts you might have


march 4, 2015 published by:  vibeph 






if you’ve never handled a landscaping style before, you might be confused by all the options you can create. but the same concepts that guide your space installation within should guide your styles outside, too. here are some concepts for gardening style for newbies.
idea 1
make a record of needs and wants. do your children need a perform space? do you want to develop vegetables? would your close relatives members collect on a patio? do some very difficult images of the garden with ideas of where you want to position things; it’s a great planning concept for landscape style for newbies.
concept 2
study the sun and breeze styles. you might want to position a terrace on the western part of the home, but it will get plenty of mid-day sun, which indicates dinner time in aug won’t be soothing — just hot. and breeze singing around a area will easily put out a flame pit. those are typical errors in landscape style for newbies. your style should take into consideration what the sun and breeze do at different periods of the day and season.
concept 3
live with it for a while. arriving to fast results about your lawn can cause to options that don’t perform in the long run. in your lawn, there are certain places where you want to go and sit that you would not have believed of when we first purchased it.
concept 4
aspect of developing a landscape is gradually developing a strategy and experiencing the procedure. from your expert strategy, begin with a little flowerbed. go out and perform on it for an time or two when you have time, and fear less about processing everything up right away. allow yourself a while to see how factors create. vegetation develop and factors complete, and people ignore that. the factor is to take efforts and do it in items so you are satisfied with the outcomes. if you get into this thing and want to get it done, you’ll take strategies and be too poor and exhausted to do it well.
concept 5
work around a centerpiece. any good lawn style has a centerpiece or sequence of factors of interest, and it’s an easy concept to put in place in landscape style for newbies. that may be a statue or a amazing place, a shrub, or a sequence of plants. the factor is to attract your eye and shift it through the landscape.














uncategorized


safe tree pruning techniques


july 18, 2014 published by:  vibeph 







generally, it is important to prune your trees to keep them neat and healthy. tree pruning is a crucial technique that you should do your best to learn so that you can do it correctly to avoid the reduction of the tree’s life. trees are important in the environment more so around your home. the best way to handle them is by first understanding their biology. unlike animals, trees do not heal their wounds instead, they just cover them. for this reason, it is highly crucial that you practice safe pruning.the pruning process is a dangerous one especially when the process is high up. realistically, the procedure should be left for qualified arborists or people who understand what they are doing. you can find qualified tree loppers here http://www.shanestrees.com.au/lopping-and-pruning/. it is important to understand the different tools that are aimed at performing different tasks as well as how to climb trees and prune the parts perfectly and safely. here are some of the different things that you should keep in mind when you re planning on pruning your trees.

type of tree
while most trees are good for pruning during autumn or winter there are exceptions to this fact. walnuts, magnolias, birch, horse chestnut and maple trees are best pruned in late summer. this is because they can heal faster and some have a reputation of bleeding when pruned in cold seasons. it is also important to note that trees that are affected by silver leaf should be pruned in summer since the disease causing spores are not in the air during this season.
age
for purposes of encouraging development of attractive trees, it is good to trim younger trees harder. most people can sometimes feel frustrated to cut off new growth but at the end of the day, the pruning will pay off. this fear and frustration leads to under-pruning. well, it is important to have a better looking tree later on or a tree that bears more fruits than having a busy young tree that will bear lesser fruits in its maturity. it is also crucial that you get more information about the different species to get a grasp of the safest way to rune them.

what you want to acheive
the main reason why pruning is done is to reduce the size of the tree but some of the techniques are aimed at encouraging a bushier thicker growth. this is especially the case when the trees are for beautification purposes. keep in mind that not all the trees will respond well to the different pruning techniques and this is why you should get more information about the particular trees you want to prune. here are the 3 major techniques that are used in pruning the trees to make them fit in the space available.

crown thinning
though this technique does not necessarily reduce the size of the tree, it gives it an even foliage display. thinning allows more light and reduces wind resistance that in most cases damages the branches or bends the tree. the techniques should be systematically worked and a 30% or more volume of the tree should be reduced. 

crown lifting
this simply means that the tree gets pruned to allow spreading of branched from a high point. the technique is simply geared towards increasing light beneath the tree and the clearance under the tree’s canopy. for mature trees, the pruning should be limited to the tertiary or secondary branches and not the branches that are growing from the trunk. when those growing from the trunk are cut they might cause extensive decay that might end up compromising the health of the tree. 

crown reduction
this is the pruning technique that is used in reducing the overall size of a tree. the shape should be the same as the original tree only that it will occupy less space. it is however important to avoid the overstretching of the tree when it covers a huge area by pruning the tree over a longer period of time, a little bit at a time. you also need to keep in mind that not all types of trees are suitable for the reduction procedure.

quotes
tree pruning is crucial for purposes of health, space or beautification and it is your responsibility to understand which kind of pruning needs to be done and when it should be done to achieve this. its always best to get a tree lopping quote from a professional to be on the safe side.














uncategorized


arbor training guide


july 17, 2014 published by:  vibeph 






how to become an arborist
 do you like to work outdoors? do you like the idea of working with trees? would you like a career that pays well and allows you to enjoy days where no two are the same? would you like a career that has practically no limited to your income potential and the opportunities for advancement? then perhaps a career as an arborist is for you.

the tree care industrylook around you. practically everywhere you look you will see a tree. unfortunately, trees don’t just grow on their own. sometimes they need help just to keep growing. they can also get diseases and become infested with insects that can harm and eventually destroy them. from time to time trees also need to be trimmed and stakes to help them grow healthy and long lives. they don’t get like this on their own. instead, they have to have people who are specially trained to take care of them for all of this. the tree care field is called arboriculture, and the professionals who perform these jobs are called arborists.arboriculture is both an art and a science. jobs as arborists require those who perform them to be skilled at many of the physical, technological, and science-based requirements they encounter. this requires that those who have a career in arboriculture are willing to specialize in one of the many areas available in the field. this includes everyone from those who work on the lifts in the trees to those with high level management jobs. regardless of their titles, they are all considered arborists, and each have training, courses of experience and other requirements that are unique to their roles in the field.arborist servicesthe services that arborists provide vary widely. although those who work in the trees themselves, planting, trimming, and providing other hands-on services are the most obvious examples of the profession, there are others who are highly trained in the care, supervision and management of these workers. all of this is due to the fact that arborists provide many services, all in direct or indirect support roles. these include but are not limited to the following:* climbers. climbers work for commercial enterprises, municipalities, and utilities to care for trees within their responsibilities. * crew leaders. crew leader supervise the work done by climbers. supervisors not only understand the work that needs to be done, but also what it takes to get it done.* trainers, safety coordinators. getting jobs done is important, but getting it done safely is also important to those who do the work. trainers and safety coordinators teach those who do the job both skills.* everyone else. the field of arboriculture encompasses many skill sets to do the many jobs that cover the field. there are those who are familiar with arboriculture who sell the services, supervise, and provide other support and management roles to those in the field.arborist trainingas wide as the field of arboriculture may seem it is only matched by the variety of training programs made available to those who wish to enter and advance in the field. even those at what seem to be the most basic levels of the field are well trained at what they do in order that trees may live long and healthy lives. in order to do these jobs, everyone from the most hands-on worker to the highest level of manager has normally been through complete training programs, or even series of training programs to ensure that they are able to render the best possible services to whomever they choose to work for. besides the programs offered by organizations such as the international society of arboriculture (isa), colleges and universities offer everything from basic vocational training to undergraduate degrees and graduate degrees in many areas of the field.it should also be noted that even those who choose to earn degrees and certificates in arboriculture might also elect to engage in cross-training in order to allow themselves the most variety of career options in the organizations they work with. the best way to enter the field of arboriculture is to simply ask someone, especially anyone who is performing the type of work that they might be interested in joining. these people can often advise someone on how to not only join in their particular specialty, but any number of others in the field. the isa can also provide a list of training opportunities for potential arborists within their organization and at others outside of that group.














 

 search form




  last articles 


custom metal work ideas






purchasing gun cases






lаndѕсаріng аnd gardening tips fоr a tіght budgеt






landscaping concepts you might have






safe tree pruning techniques






arbor training guide





 categories

gardening

home and garden

outdoors

uncategorized

vegetation


 













homehome
contact
blog



















