








mexico travel guide - mxtravel.com












































mexico travel guide – mxtravel.com


personal reports and advice on travel to mexico
 

skip to content

homecozumel, mexico

april 2022 cozumel update
cozumel – a brief history
cozumel – getting there / getting around
cozumel bars, nightlife & other things to do
cozumel restaurants

restaurant parking (cozumel)
our favorite cozumel restaurants


cozumel shopping
cozumel diving – a comprehensive guide

cozumel dive sites
exotic cozumel dives
our favorite cozumel dives
cozumel dive operators
cozumel packages
cozumel snorkeling
additional dive notes (video, repair, recompression chamber, etc.)


cozumel day trip options
cozumel beach tours
cozumel hotels
cozumel events, festivals and holidays
cozumel car rental & jeep rental options
cozumel vacation rentals

cozumel vacation home – casa santa fe

cozumel vacation home rates – casa santa fe
faqs about casa santa fe
the corpus christi neighborhood
cozumel info links


cozumel long term rental – casa christi

casa christi long term rental rates
faqs about casa christi




other cozumel information

cozumel embassy offices
how to exchange money, cozumel
cozumel internet access & telephone service




oaxaca

our typical mezcal tour day
mezcal educational excursions of oaxaca
guelaguetza festival
oaxaca day excursion with tomás ramirez
oaxaca restaurants (2017)
monte alban, black clay and alebrijes
oaxaca 2019
oaxaca 2018
2018 mezcal run
mezcal tasting 2019
oaxaca 2018 restaurants
oaxaca restaurants 2019


chiapas

getting to chiapas
san cristóbal de las casas

hotel san josé
restaurants & food san cristóbal 2017
tenejapa
magdalena, aldama
san juan chamula
san lorenzo zinacantán
san andrés larráinzar
restaurants – san cristóbal 2015
san cristóbal 2016 restaurants


chiapa de corzo

hotel la ceiba


sumidero canyon
palenque


san miguel de allende

san miguel de allende restaurants
getting to san miguel de allende
things we did in san miguel de allende


holbox 2021

holbox 2006

travel to holbox (2006)
isla holbox hotels and lodging
isla holbox restaurants 2006
things to do in holbox
add’l holbox info 2006


holbox restaurants 2021
getting to holbox
holbox hotels 2021
holbox 2021 activities
holbox 2021 tips
the decision to travel during covid


puebla 2018

hotel boutique casa reyna
uriarte talavera
centro & food walking tour
cholula
puebla 2019

free walking tour – puebla
puebla restaurants 2019




valladolid

valladolid restaurants 2016
casa de los venados
valladolid restaurants
agua dulce and palomitas cenotes 
hotel el meson del marques
shopping in valladolid
ek’ balam ruins


mérida, mexico

mérida embassy offices


cancún, mexico

baseball in cancún
cancún day trips
travelling through the cancún airport
cancún embassy offices


playa del carmen

playa del carmen hotels & lodging
things to do in playa del carmen, mexico
playa del carmen embassy offices


xcalak, mexico

travel to xcalak, mexico
xcalak hotels and lodging

las palmas – xcalak vacation rental


xcalak restaurants & other food options
things to do in xcalak
xcalak info links
xcalak diving and snorkeling
xcalak tips: money, telephone, internet


tulum, mexico

travel to tulum, mexico
tulum hotels and lodging
tulum restaurants
things to do in tulum, mexico
tulum, mexico information


ruins in mexico

tulúm ruins
chichén itzá ruins
coba ruins
izamal ruins
palenque ruins
ek’ balam
muyil ruins
uxmal ruins
other ruins


buying real estate in mexico
mexico internet access & telephone service
us embassy and other consulates in mexico








mexico travel guide






despite what we think is a pretty grand web site name, we’re really a very small operation. to be perfectly honest, our main interest in travel in mexico is largely that of the tourists that we are.
we started traveling regularly to mexico in about 1985. with our passion for scuba diving, a trip to cozumel was inevitable. and when we finally made it there, we simply fell in love with the people and the place. within a year of our first visit, we bought a house there that we rent out when we aren’t able to use it ourselves. our effort to provide information about cozumel to family and friends who were staying at our house was the origin of this document.
click here to buy mexico map products – maps.com!
in the course of that endeavor, we realized that much of what we were finding on the internet about cozumel and other parts of mexico we had visited seemed to be written by someone who really didn’t know all that much about what they were writing about. for example, it’s one thing to generate a list of 50 restaurants in cozumel. it’s an entirely different proposition, and one that we felt was a lot more valuable, to actually give some recommendations from personal experience on what you might find when you first visit there.
while we have also visited the west coast of mexico and mexico city as tourist, our interest and knowledge is centered in the yucatan and quintana roo. so mostly on the following pages, you’re going to find some pieces that we’ve written ourselves with some specific information on cozumel and xcalak. in addition, we’ve included information generated from our visits to other parts of yucatan and quintana roo as well as links to some web sites that we think would be of interest to those thinking of traveling to mexico.






interested in a vacation to the wonderful island of cozumel?
how about diving tips on what reefs to see and who to go with from someone with over 700 dives there?
how about some recommendations on restaurants, nightlife, shopping and beaches and more from someone who has actually visited the places they’re writing about!?! just click on the cozumel link above for all this and more.
 



leave a reply cancel replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment * name * 
email * 
website 
 save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment.
 

δ 








search for:



 

archives




meta

log in









					mexico travel guide – mxtravel.com				



					proudly powered by wordpress.				















