






bookdisplays.com









home | about us | contact us | site map | legal statement


 






home
stock displays
upgraded displays
specialty displays
view cart













affordable custom & stock displays
helping publishers sell books in quality since 1989.
    								        
								        city diecutting inc. is the country?s premier manufacturer of quality point of purchase corrugated displays for books and audio-visual materials. our satisfied clients include many of the world?s largest multi-faceted publishers as well as single title, home based authors.
                                        the underlying theme you will quickly notice is the combination of strength and sleekness that compliments, and does not compete with, your products. our displays are made from the highest quality materials available and are designed and manufactured with painstaking attention to detail.
								         




stock
floor displays

									from our basic three and six pocket slimline series to our elaborate, movie/book tie-ins, our non-scuff, semi-gloss floor displays are the industry standard, providing high quality, sturdy units that discerning retailers want in their stores.

stock floor displays

 




counter displays
our counter displays are created from thin, yet strong corrugated for a clean, sleek look.  they?re the ideal way to present your books ?face out? for prospective buyers.

stock counter displays

 










upgraded
floor displays

header upgrades
									4-color printing
									1-color screen printing
base upgrades
									1-color screen print logo branding

floor display upgrades

 




counter displays

header upgrades
									4-color printing
									1-color screen printing
front lip upgrades
									1-color screen print logo branding

counter display upgrades

 










specialty construction and color
this is the custom display area, where your imagination can run wild.  look here to get great ideas, but know that you?ll need significant quantities and/or budget to create these magnificent displays.

specialty designs

 



citystands™
these are our trademarked, copyrighted small, inexpensive chipboard displays that are used everywhere that books are displayed face-out.

stock citystands™
upgraded citystands™

 









 




home  |  old website  |  about us  |  contact us  |  site map | legal statement


						city diecutting, inc.
						

						one cory road  |  morristown , nj 07960  |  tel: 973.270.0370  |  fax: 973.270.0369   |  sales@bookdisplays.com


						© 1996-2013 city diecutting, inc. all rights reserved.
						
 


      









