



center for instructional excellence landing page - innovative learning




































































































skip to content 


 innovative learning





contact us
 

search for:

submit









home
programs impact
teaching@purdue
college teaching development program
tlcop
copilot program
sotl fellowship
student pedagogy advocates


services online courses/programs development
teaching & learning feedback
instructional data processing (idp)
video production


events
tools & resources course design & development process
instructional technology
accessibility
ai bytes workshop sessions
purdue syllabus guidelines
il teaching guides  instructional video
hy-flex and resilient pedagogy resources
tips for enhancing engagement
student toolkit
first year online


portal
global learning
scholarship of teaching and learning
awards
teaching excellence
virtual labs
semester resources
learning remotely
intellectual property policy for instruction
seismic
libraries instructional resources


about us what is il?
il units  center for instructional excellence directory
libraries and school of information studies directory
purdue online directory




news
indianapolis faculty








welcome to thecenter for instructional excellence


our mission
the center for instructional excellence (cie) advances and promotes transformative, evidence-based instruction for academic success at purdue and beyond. under the direction of the office of the provost, cie works with faculty, graduate teaching assistants, and staff to support innovative teaching in all modalities and foster a campus culture of student-centered learning.
about us
our team promotes faculty development and instructional excellence at purdue. we use proven research to enhance teaching methods and provide opportunities to help instructors continuously improve. we partner with faculty, staff, and campus organizations to build a community of practice around teaching, learning, and assessment — one that anticipates changing needs and encourages growth.
we are available to talk in person or remotely about your needs. contact us at cie@purdue.edu.



tools & resources
seismic
global learning
impact


reach out to us
 phone: 765-496-6422  fax: 765-496  1749  email: cie@purdue.edu

where to find us
young (ernest c.) hall155 s grant st.west lafayette, in 47907



cie staffidp staffpostdoctoral researcherspedagogy advocatesgraduate assistants

chantal levesque-bristol, phdexecutive directorchantal levesque-bristol, phdexecutive directoremail: clevesqu@purdue.educhantal levesque-bristol received a b.a. in psychology (1995), and a phd (2000) in social psychology from the university of ottawa, canada. her primary areas of interests are teaching and learning, motivation, educational psychology, faculty development, and institutional change. she was the principal investigator on a first in the world grant from the department of education and recently recognized by purdue’s college of education with a first book award for her publication of student-centered pedagogy at scale, which describes the development of purdue’s impact program.< back to articledavid nelson, phdassociate directordavid nelson, phdassociate directoremail: davenelson@purdue.edudavid nelson received his phd in history from the university of california, irvine and has worked in cie since 2008. he works on sotl projects and teaching initiatives with faculty across the campus, and has particular interests in cooperative faculty development and research in computer science, especially initiatives to increase women with programming degrees.< back to articledeb felixsenior administrative assistantdeb felixsenior administrative assistantemail: felixd@purdue.edudeb felix has been a member of the cie staff since december 2009.  deb has been an active member of the purdue staff since august 1979 with roles in the diversity resource office, engineering education, agricultural and biological engineering, and libraries. she received an associate degree in organizational leadership and supervision from purdue university in may, 2001.< back to articleallison russellsenior impact program managerallison russellsenior impact program manageremail: allisonrussell@purdue.eduallison russell has a b.a. in marketing (2009) from the university of kentucky. she moved to chicago in 2010 where she was a research program coordinator with the health literacy and learning program at northwestern university. she started working with cie in october 2017, where she enjoys working with people across campus in diverse ways and guiding faculty through the impact program.< back to articlecharles a. calahan, phdassistant director, global learning developmentcharles a. calahan, phdassistant director, global learning developmentemail: calahanc@purdue.educharles a. calahan directs global learning faculty and student development. chuck is a member of the teaching academy, a diversity fellow, and a service-learning fellow. his focus is on active and experiential learning using advanced and innovative technology. he is a qualified administrator of the intercultural development inventory, a trainer for sentio’s global competence certificate, unconscious bias certified, and cultural intelligence certified. < back to articlekaren s. neubauer, maassistant director, special projectskaren s. neubauer, maassistant director, special projectsemail: neubauer@purdue.edukaren s. neubauer earned a b.s. (1978) in journalism from iowa state university and was a print journalist and public relations executive before earning an m.a. (2005) in liberal studies from indiana university. she taught journalism, communication, and composition at institutions including purdue northwest and ball state university, where she earned an m.a. (2017) in rhetoric and composition. her areas of interest are writing development and assessment, and instructional development and recognition.< back to articleemily bonem, phdassistant director, scholarship of teaching and learningemily bonem, phdassistant director, scholarship of teaching and learningemail: ebonem@purdue.eduemily bonem received a b.a. in psychology and music from williams college, and went on to earn her ph.d. in psychology from the university of michigan. she joined cie in july 2014 where she focuses on consulting with faculty about their teaching, data collection and analysis for the impact program, and scholarship of teaching and learning (sotl). emily’s main research interests include self-determination theory, course redesign, and assessing student learning.< back to articledaniel guberman, phdassistant director, inclusive pedagogydaniel guberman, phdassistant director, inclusive pedagogyemail: dguberman@purdue.edudaniel guberman earned his ph.d. in music from the university of north carolina. before coming to purdue, he taught music history and theory at east carolina university. his writings appear in tyranny, resistance and music, american music?, tempo, and the journal of assessment and institutional effectiveness. his interests include inclusive, social justice, collaborative, and critical pedagogies, faculty learning communities, and bridging stem fields with the arts and humanities.< back to articletracey birdwell, phdassistant director, purdue in indianapolistracey birdwell, phdassistant director, purdue in indianapolisemail: tbirdwel@purdue.edutracey birdwell earned a b.a. in history from vanderbilt university, a phd in american history from the university of delaware, and an ma in instructional design at virginia tech. she is expanding cie initiatives and support in her work with purdue in indianapolis faculty. her areas of interests include learning spaces (physical and digital), hybrid learning, and the future of higher ed campuses. she frequently publishes and speaks about learning spaces. < back to articleleslie a. miller, phdfaculty accessibility consultantleslie a. miller, phdfaculty accessibility consultantleslie miller earned an a.s. degree in business administration (2008, ohio dominican), a b.s. degree in applied psychology (2013, franklin university), an m.a. degree in sociology (2016, university of oklahoma) and ph.d. in sociology (2021, university of oklahoma). prior to joining cie in 2022, leslie’s research focused on experiences and health outcomes for people with non-discernable disabilities. in cie, she focuses on accessible and inclusive teaching, equitable learning environments, and assessment.as the faculty accessibility consultant in cie, leslie collaborates with all of the instructional community in indianapolis and west lafayette on meeting students’ required accommodations, while maintaining the core elements of the course design and respecting the instructor’s time.< back to articleannika kraft, phdassociate instructional developerannika kraft, phdassociate instructional developerarkraft@purdue.eduannika kraft received her b.a. in chemistry and theatre arts from minot state university, and went on to earn her ph.d. in chemistry from the university of virginia. prior to joining cie in 2023, her research focused on exploring relationships between stem instructors’ thinking and classroom practices. her interests include faculty development, course design, inclusive teaching, and thinking about the affective domain of learning (e.g., emotions in teaching and learning).< back to articlefrances sobolak, phdassociate instructional developerfrances sobolak, phdassociate instructional developeremail: fsobolak@purdue.edufrances received her b.a. in linguistics from the university of michigan and her ph.d. in linguistics from cornell university. she supports faculty in incorporating evidence-based teaching and learning practices into their classroom and is especially interested in the relationship between higher education and indigenous learning spaces.  frances joined cie in 2024.< back to article


instructional data processing
laura milleroperations administratorlaura milleroperations administratorlemiller@purdue.edu< back to articlesheila olanddata processing operatorsheila olanddata processing operatoremail: soland@purdue.edu< back to articlepam sullivandata processing operatorpam sullivandata processing operatoremail: sulliv92@purdue.edu< back to articlerobin browndata processing administrator, seniorrobin browndata processing administrator, seniorbrown515@purdue.edu< back to articlenikki schoolerdata processing operatornikki schoolerdata processing operatoremail: knschool@purdue.edu< back to articlekayli loflindata processing operator



wonki leepostdoctoral researcherwonki leepostdoctoral researcheremail: lee3065@purdue.eduwonki lee received a ph.d. in education, curriculum instruction, language and literacy at purdue university. she received her bachelor’s and master’s, specializing in korean language education as a second/foreign language, from seoul national university, south korea. her research interests are self-efficacy, culturally responsive teaching, and machine-learning in an educational setting.< back to articlebrooke harris-thomaspostdoctoral researcherbrooke harris-thomaspostdoctoral researcherthom1302@purdue.edubrooke harris-thomas earned her ph.d. from michigan state university in educational psychology. her interests include studying the motivational experience of adolescent students of color, specifically focusing on the belonging experiences of black girls within the mathematics classroom. in addition, she is interested in increasing the use of research-practice partnerships within educational psychology and utilizes methodologies that center and uplift students’ voices.< back to articlefridah chepkurui rotichpostdoctoral researcher fridah chepkurui rotichpostdoctoral researcher email: frotich@purdue.edufridah earned a ph.d. in medicinal biochemistry with concentrations in natural products and chemistry education research, and a ph.d. minor in educational research methodology from the university of north carolina at greensboro. she has a bs degree in chemistry from davidson college. she joined cie in august 2024 where she will support faculty enhance their teaching by using evidence-based instructional practices administered through the impact program, and scholarship of teaching and learning (sotl). her research interests include faculty development in areas relating to reconceptualizing curricula, student engagement, and alignment of learning outcomes, instructional approaches, and assessment practices. outside of work, fridah ejoys nature walks, cooking and spending time with family and friends< back to article



student pedagogy advocates webpage



swagata sarkargraduate assistantswagata sarkargraduate assistantemail: sarkar37@purdue.edui am a doctoral student in the science education, curriculum and instruction department, college of education, purdue university. i earned a b.s. and m.s. in zoology from india and another m.s. in teaching and curriculum from the university of rochester, ny. my research interests include integrated stem education in informal and nonformal settings, stem curriculum design, students’ engagement, motivation, collaboration, and sense of belonging in stem, preservice science teacher preparation, and authentic assessments. < back to article



 






 







an equal access/equal opportunity universitycopyright complaints
 


trouble with this page?disability-related accessibility issue?

please contact itap at itap@purdue.edu.
 





address

purdue university innovative learningfourth floor of young hallwest lafayette, in 47907 


contact us
765-494-4600email us 

follow us



facebook





twitter




linkedin





instagram





youtube





snapchat











copyright
		 © 2025 purdue university. all rights reserved.
accessibility | ea/eo university | integrity statement | free expression | doe degree scorecards | privacy policy




















