























british marine: the trade association for the uk leisure, superyacht and small commercial marine industry. 

















 


























  log in
homemy british marinemy profilemy resourcessubmit newsadd a team membermy companiesmembershipjoin usassociationsfind a memberbusiness supportbusiness growthrepresentation & promotionnetworkingsupporting our industryprofessional developmentguidance on how to calculate your turnoverabout usmeet the teamcode of practicestrategic partnersnational agendagovernancewebsite feedbackchoose excellence, choose a british marine membercareers and trainingpotential career opportunities in the marine sectorapprenticeshipsour coursesmarine job vacanciesmilitary recruitment schemeend point assessmentboatbuilder standardmarine engineer standardmarina and boatyard operative standardmeet the teamend point assessment resourcesmarine electrician standardcalendareventsmetstrade 2025southampton international boat show 2025monaco yacht show 2025inland conference 2025superyachtuk technical seminar 2025seawork 2025 - join us on the british marine pavilioncoastal conference 2025tyha marina conference 2025newsresource hubdecarbonisation hubresource hubcase studiesmember featurescontact usmic codeswebsite feedback form










  




website feedback form contactjoin us
  log in




 
 










                your browser does not support the video tag.
            




if you are a leisure marine, small commercial
or superyacht business,
we are here for you
join usfind a member









who we are
we exist to support our members, providing expert advice, facilitating connections and championing their interests on a global stage.
british marine is the trade association for the uk leisure, superyacht and small commercial marine industry. our members come from a broad range of businesses including boat builders, chandlers, brokers, marinas, passenger boats and engine manufacturers.

membership benefits
careers and training

events calendar








0%
commited




0°
support




0+
members











how we can support your business







business support
critical day to day business support and guidance, and access to the latest trends, market intelligence and industry updates. stay informed and position yourself at the forefront of marine trade developments.

explore the benefits




business growth
assisting you to grow your business, opening new
commercial opportunities, cost savings and providing
strategic support.
 

explore the benefits




representation & promotion
be part of a collective voice that advocates for the uk’s leisure marine sector.  help shape policies and regulations that impact our industry and stay informed of the issues that matter to your business.

explore the benefits










networking opportunities
connect with industry leaders, suppliers, and professionals at exclusive events, conferences and networking sessions. forge new partnerships that propel your business forward.

explore the benefits




professional development
benefit from tailored training programs, workshops and resources designed to enhance your skills and keep you competitive in the dynamic marine landscape.

explore the benefits




supporting our industry
become an integral part of a movement dedicated to supporting and advancing the industry you love.
 

explore the benefits




what’s new at british marine








 





 14 february 2025 
wave hello to adventure: farndon marina’s open weekend returns in may 2025!





 





 12 february 2025 
barton marine launch new continuous line furler





 





 12 february 2025 
rolec powered by metpow: the ultimate wireless utility management solution for marina and park site services





 





 11 february 2025 
secure your spot alongside british marine at metstrade 2025





 





 11 february 2025 
secure your place at the british marine propulsion & equipment networking event in twickenham





 





 11 february 2025 
administrators from alvarez & marsal launch sale process for iconic uk luxury yacht-builder





view all news



upcoming opportunities










exclusive member discounts
to exhibit at seawork 2025
find out more 









not to be missed! 
the 2025 superyachtuk technical seminar
find out more 
























decarbonisation
hub
visit hub 









training
opportunities
find out more 









job
vacancies
find out more 









case
studies
find out more 














we’re behind you  all the way
join british marine 










keep me updated
stay up to date with british marine. be the first to hear about exclusive events, industry news and much more.
by signing up to the british marine newsletter you are agreeing to allow us to email you.
we will not share your email with any third parties.








by subscribing i consent to the processing of
                           personal data








british marine

about us
news
contact us

 
website issue and feedback form


membership


my british marinemembership and benefitsupcoming eventsjoin us




contact us
01784 473377
info@britishmarine.co.uk






privacy policycookies policy
 


© copyright british marine limited 2025 | 1st floor tagus
                house, 9 ocean way, ocean village, southampton, so14 3tj | registered in england. no 2592536
            
design & development by tm designs using
                    concrete cms
















