


countreewide realty 


































 




 




 




 
















 

13225 state road 64 east
				bradenton, florida 34212
				
				phone: (941)756-8441
				fax: (941)751-5176
				
sales@countreewiderealty.com


 




















 





 about our company    
								we would like to take this opportunity to introduce our companies, countreewide 
								realty, inc and countreewide management services. with a history in the real 
								estate industry in sarasota and manatee since the early 1970's, countreewide 
								brings close to 30 years of various services- through it's principals- 
								including design, development, marketing, sales and management of communities 
								ranging in size from 10 to over 1000 units.
more...





connecting to our communities
we’re using the latest technologies to connect with families who are interested in our communities. microsoft® tag lets you use your smart phone to link instantly from a sign or advertisement to online information. scan our tag wherever you see it, and go directly to a brief video of all the amenities you can expect to enjoy at twin rivers. if you don’t have the tag reader yet, download the free app now at http://gettag.mobi


    




our residential properties - current
								homesites are available at our current project locations:


winding river a small piece of paradise carved from 107 acres on the banks of the manatee river.


 


twin rivers nestled in the fork of the manatee river and gamble creek, twin rivers is 
									manatee county's newest opportunity. not to be missed! 


 


mill creek long recognized as the address in manatee county, this tranquil community is home to approximately 1,000 families. voted by 
									residents as manatee county's number one family community. 


 


river club championship golf course community with over 960 homesites. 
									winner of county planning awards.



our commercial properties - current


up to 14,000 sq ft of professional office building space for lease or sale.


 


river club park of commerce located at sr70 and i75 this development 
										includes approval for multi-uses, including:

 325,000 sq feet commercial
                                           325,000 sq feet professional
                                           60,000 sq feet mini warehouse
                                           270 motel rooms
                                           450 units multi family
                                           300 unit assisted living



 


contact us
								let us help you find your new home or homesite at a countreewide property. call 
									us today at 941-776-9835, or email us at 
									sales@countreewiderealty.com


property management
								management services are provided for numerous homeowner and condominium 
								associations in manatee county in the thousands of units.

what's a builder's program?
								countreewide realty develops the property. you build the house. not the house 
								that we want you to build. your house. we have a program of hand picked 
								local builders, chosen for their proven ability, dependability, and track 
								record of satisfied customers. our preferred builders build models on the 
								property and staff them. to learn more about the builders, please visit 
									twin rivers.


our staff makes a difference
								
                                
                                
								the bright, shining star of countreewide realty is our staff. we are all 
								dedicated to providing to our client a lifesyle that cannot be found anywhere 
								else, and with world class 
									service and support
 
resales




				  office:(941)776-9835
											cell:(941)920-6313
www.jeanetteward.com 



											choosing and settling into a new residence can be among the most exciting and 
											satisfying experience in life. yet, in looking forward to new surroundings to 
											enjoy, you shouldn't have to be worried about the nuts-and-bolts of a real 
											estate transaction. that's the role of jeanette ward, realtor with countreewide 
											realty, inc. who will take care of the details for you and help you appreciate 
											all the great reasons behind your wise decision. so whether you're next real 
											estate need is selling your existing home or the purchase of a new one, i am 
											eager to assist you throughout the process. 
											click here 
											to search resale properties.
											










| 
					home | 
					twin rivers | 
					mill creek |				winding river | 










