







y o s h







































































































discover


            press & clients
          

            about
          



            shop
          

            stockists
          

events & blog


            contact
          





back


            history
          

            collaborations
          

            speaking & consulting
          



back


            scent & ceremony
          

            i/lab
          





























































discover

history
collaborations
speaking & consulting

press & clientsabout







olfactory sense




shopstockists
events & blog

scent & ceremony
i/lab

contact









scroll


















about yosh



learn more











   











aura glow collection





the aura glow collection are vibrational fragrances for your body and soul. each scent correlates with chakra energies. amplify your radiance with these scents. 













perfumery workshops





yosh teaches intro to perfumery, advanced evaluation, and fragrance branding workshops. she also consults privately on scent and flavor trends and fragrance briefs. 

























 

 

fragrance allows us to arm chair travel. you can go to a place through the voyage of olfaction. that feeling of giving someone that ability to travel momentarily to that place is something so powerful & so potent. - yosh han from pbs: human the world within













yosh is featured on the pbs show human the world within, a documentary series about the incredible universe inside all of us. episode 5 explores the senses, with yosh as our guide through scent. watch it on netflix.



excerpt from human the world within: episode 5, senses with yosh at ministry of scent in san francisco. 















 











scent festival
if you’d like to learn more on intersectionality and perfumery, head over to scent festival where i’ve put together a resources page with numerous articles on decolonizing scent, two databases of diverse talent, and a petition to to update the harmful “oriental” category. the platform focus on perfumers of color and independent perfumers. visit scent festival and join the movement to reorient the perfume industry. 





follow yosh on instagram @eaudeyosh







 













 






 






 









































 






hero



new page












4152387474
yosh@eaudeyosh.com


hours




info
shipping & returns
privacy policy
terms & conditions
new gallery



















powered by squarespace









