g.a. precision - professional quality rifles & equipmentnew rifles added to our ready to ship page! 6mm brass is back in. get it while you can!shop custom riflesshop custom riflesview all custom riflescompetitionview allmilitary replicasview allhunting riflesview allready to shipview all custom actionsshop custom actionsview all custom actionstemplar® actionsview alltempest actionsview alldefiance machineview allrifles ready to ship
g.a. precision rifles that are ready for purchase immediately, they are all new rifles that have either been built up, or the order canceled by the customer that originally placed the order.   ga storeshop ga storeview all ga storeammo & reloading view alloptics & scope componentsview allrifle parts, tools & suppressorsview allrear bags, gear & casesview all ga apparelshop ga apparelview all ga apparelheadgearview alltopsview allbranded goodsview allservices gunsmith services gunsmith servicesview all gunsmith servicesserviceslearn morechamber reamerslearn moretraining gap training courses gap training coursesview all gap training coursesintro to precision riflelearn moreprecision rifle course 1learn morecompetition training courselearn morelong range hunting courselearn moreabout us about gap about gaphistorylearn moreteam gaplearn moremeet the stafflearn more rifle contact us downloads gallery testimonials contact us2024 pprpinnacle production riflelearn moremilitary replicaslearn moreg.a. storereloading & rifle buildingshop nowlong rangehuntingcourselearn more1234new hunting rifles for 2024the ranch rifle does it all. avalible in short action standard bolt face and short action magnum offerings. this was built to be a handy do all rifle.view riflecaliber6.5mm creedmoorstock-action-finishmetal finish: cerakote, matte black  stock finish: , barrel length18" barrel typeg.a. precision   cfw #14 1:7.5"  yesthe classic guide keeps the fit and feel of grandpa's rifle but operates like its from this century. get the feel of the past with the performance of all the modern upgrades.view riflecaliber6.5 prcstock-action-finishmetal finish: cerakote, matte black  stock finish: , barrel length22" barrel typeg.a. precision   cfw #14 1:7.75"  yestimber guide rifle was built for those that need the manuverability while still packing the punch. this rifle is ideal in saum, prc, and wsm offerings. also very suppressor friendly.view riflecaliber6.5 prcstock-action-finishmetal finish: cerakote, matte black  stock finish: , barrel length18" barrel typeg.a. precision   cfw #14 1:7.75"  yesthe ridge to ridge is built around the glass and shoot / reach out and touch something hunters. this rifle is designed like a precision range rifle with the weight of a hunting rifle. ideal for long action calibers, also avalible in short action configurations as well.view riflecaliber300 prcstock-action-finishmetal finish: cerakote, matte black  stock finish: , barrel length22" barrel typeg.a. precision   cfw #14 1:9.5"  yesranch rifleclassic guidetimber guideridge to ridge the g.a. staffg.a. precision has been in business since 1999. we strive to create top quality professional grade rifles that are not only precise, but are also affordable, in doing this, it is our mandate to never sacrifice quality. at g.a. precision we use only top-notch, field-tested, durable parts and accessories.view staffdo you have a ga precision custom rifle?show it in action by adding it up on our gallery.submit hererifles ready to shipgap rifles ready to ship today, with no waiting!shop now1141 swift st., n. kansas city, mo 64116the templar®, crusader® and the templar cross/shield® are registered trademarks of g.a. precision llc. ©1999 - 2023 ga precision. customer service: +1 816 221 1844shopcustom riflescustoms actionsga storega apparelgunsmith servicesserviceschamber reamersgap coursesintro to precision rifleprecision rifle course 1competition training courselong range hunting courseabout ushistoryteam gapmeet the staffdownloadsgallerytestimonialscontact usorders and returnsadvanced searchcustomer servicerifle contact uscontact usfollow usg.a. precision has been in business since 1999. we strive to create top professional quality rifles that are not only precise, but are also affordable. in doing this, it is our mandate that we do not sacrifice quality. at g.a. precision, we use only top notch, field-tested, durable parts and accessories.copyright © 2025 ga precision. all rights reserved.privacy policyreturns policy