


kingwood civic club 






















 


 


kingwood civic club - kingwood rotary club
  





 




homedonateholiday decorating contest2020 winners2021 winners2022 winners2023 winners2024 winners4th of july paradeonline parade registration formabout usnext meeting







the kingwood civic club / kingwood rotary club 2025 4th of july parade is coming on friday, july 4th, 2025!


our grand marshall for this year parade is mark linabury, president and ceo, greater emc chamber
mark linabury and his wife marie moved to kingwood in 1999 and enjoyed being proud residents for twenty years. mark’s involvement as an engaged community member began with his innovative website ‘kingwood now’, a digital publication sharing daily doses of positive news and information to showcase kingwood’s unique and special qualities. adding to his kingwood marketing digital portfolio, mark launched kingwood’s first internet radio station ‘kingwood radio’ which would feature local artists and play their music alongside mainstream talents. its slogan was “shaking the trees from deep within the livable forest of kingwood, texas”. this led to mark becoming a well-known dj and emcee for many community events over the years. dj kdub was his stage name and kdub was short for kingwood. for many years he would emcee kingwood’s 4th of july parades in front of kings crossing car care and then be found at kingwood town center later that same day to emcee and play music for the july 4th celebrations and fireworks. “my texas roots started in kingwood, and i will forever be grateful for this wonderful community”, says linabury. “our son mark a was born here and is a proud graduate of both kingwood park high school and lone star college-kingwood.” mark continues to contribute to kingwood as president & ceo of the greater emc chamber, a regional chamber of commerce known as ‘the hub of opportunity’. “as a business membership organization and voice for business, kingwood is an important part of the area we serve” according to mark. “having vibrant and engaged businesses is imperative to having desirable communities to not only live in but to visit as destinations. kingwood is one of these communities. it is truly an honor to have been named the kingwood civic club’s 4th of july parade grand marshal. i consider it a lifetime milestone and will cherish the opportunity as much as i cherish the community of kingwood.”




more information on the 2025 parade will be coming soon!


if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to the kingwood civic club at kingwoodcivicclub@yahoo.com .































welcome!


thanks for visiting kingwoodcivicclub.org
please get involved!!

 
if you have any questions, please contact us at: po box 5126kingwood, tx 77325
or

email: kingwoodcivicclub@yahoo.com

 
















 









home | donate | holiday decorating contest | 4th of july parade | about us | next meeting














