


worldwide wholesaler of swimming pool supplies, pool products and spas 
























search products   













about us | home | search | faq | contact us | packaging












alternative content








 


 














 
chemical dispensersfloating chairsfountain nozzlesfountain led lights - pond led lightshot tub jacuzzi spamaintenance kitspool brushespool hosepool jacuzzi spa partspool ladderspool leaf skimmerspool leaf rakespool led lightspool overflow gratingpool solar showerspool spa coverspool telescopic polespool thermometerspool vacuum headpool skimmerspool wall skimmers partsrescue hookrobotic pool cleanersalt water chlorinatorsolar pool water heatersswim spas counterflow swimmingwater filterswater gameswater test kitswinter floatersoem custom metal manufacturingoem fabrication moules et outillagesoutdoor furniturepool heat pumpsswimming pool linersswimming pool pumpsswimming pool spare partsuv water purification systemswood deckwpc deckingartificial grasspolycarbonate plastic glasses





 

















we export pool supplies and pool products worldwide
				 browse our selection of 
				swimming pool supplies, pool and spa products, accessories and parts 
				at low export prices
																








avoid the middle man and deal direct with us for great 
				prices. we do not have agents and we do sell directly worldwide 
				to many countries such as united states (usa), canada, south 
				american, middle east, europe, asia, india and more....





popular swimming pool products





























					uv water purification

ultraviolet (uv) purifier
					process
					by uv rays
					starting at usd 30


new hot tubs 
					and spas hydrotherapy systems for hot tub and whirlpool 
					bath industries with hydro-technology solutions
					 



					virtually unbreakable polycarbonate and 

					tritan™plastic 
					glasses. suitable for swimming pools, hot tubs, nightclubs, bars, restaurants, parties, wherever glass is a hazard and 
					should not be allowed. 



					change your regular par56 pool lights with 

					our underwater led 
					pool lights far 
					more energy efficient 
					and with longer life! 
					starting usd 55








pool accessories / pool 
				supplies

				how you can import them? 

				millions of people have a swimming pool in their backyard. do 
				you sell to those individuals? even if you are not, it is 
				possible that you have considered getting in swimming pool 
				business. whether you already own a swimming pool company or you 
				are interested in opening one, you will have to consider a 
				number of different factors.

				one of those factors includes pool accessories we export. when 
				it comes to pool accessories, there are many companies which are 
				selling different types and quality.

				the truth is that there are a wide variety of different types of 
				pool accessories. pool accessories may include, but should not 
				be limited to pool chemicals, leaf skimmers, wall skimmers, wall 
				brushes, algae 
				brushes, leaf 
				deep rakes, chemical 
				dispensers, in-line chemical feeders,
				vacuum pool cleaner, aluminum 
				pool telescopic poles, pool 
				thermometers, digital thermometers, pool 
				liners, led underwater lights, pool lights, water 
				pumps, spa parts, safety covers, water 
				hoses, stainless 
				steel ladders, water test kit, lounge chairs, pool heaters, 
				water heat pumps, solar pool heaters, solar 
				showers, solar blankets, counter 
				flow swimming pumps, wpc 
				decking wooden 
				patio and many more swimming pool accessories.

				once you have made the decision to have a pool business, you 
				will have to place order for a number of these accessories.

				one of the most common questioned asked, concerning pool 
				accessories, is how can they be purchased from another dimension 
				ltd. you will find that an extensive range of pool accessories 
				is available for sale on our site.

				the best way to find your needed pool accessories, but for a 
				reasonable price, is to examine the specific accessories that 
				you are looking to purchase. this may help to ensure that you 
				are looking in all of the right places.

				we have been exporting our swimming pool products worldwide for 
				over 10 years. we also can also custom 
				make products (oem manufacturing) or 
				can source products.

				traditional pool hardware is often defined as items such as 
				water pumps, steps, and filters. nowadays, many pools need to be 
				sold and installed with these accessories. we also carry those. 
				while most of the hardware needed for pools, such as pumps and 
				filters, may be included in the original price of your customers 
				pool, it is most likely that cleaning supplies will not be. 
				depending on the type of pool they have or how much they use it, 
				they may be required to clean it on a regular basis. whether 
				they are looking for manual cleaning supplies or automatic 
				pool cleaners, you can easily find what your customers are 
				looking for here. a large number of department stores, small 
				pool supply stores, and online retailers will carry the cleaning 
				supplies and you may be able to sell them what they may need.

				as you can see, it pretty much all depends on what type of pool 
				accessory you are looking to purchase. if you need to purchase a 
				wide variety of different items, such as toys, lifesaving 
				devices, cleaning supplies, or pool hardware, you may end up 
				making purchases at multiple locations. that is unless you make 
				the decision to import from us. whether you make the decision to 
				import from us or at one of your local wholesale stores, it is 
				almost guaranteed that we will have what you are looking for of 
				good quality at a much lower price.

				our minimum order is only 1 full 20 foot container or usd 5,000
 






























 


copyright 2015 www.holofactory.com your swimming pool supplies and spa hot tubs supply wholesale specialist all 
			rights reserved





