










qfm96 - classic rock.



















































































listen live



search




facebook
twitter
instagram
tunein
iphone

android






















listen
                                    live












































































































































































































































































































































home
news

local news
national news
entertainment news
sports
lifestyle


on air

torg & elliott

morning show podcasts


i’d tap that
perspective
podcasts
recently played
on-air schedule


podcasts

the torg & elliott show
ove podcast with torg
garage daze w/ arch madness
the screening room
financially fit radio with cory j. sickles


listener clubs
cbus savings
contests & rules
events

who’s playing where
community calendar
concerts
hometown heroes
submit your event


about

join us!
contact
advertise with qfm96
jobs
red, white, & q fund
2024 qfm96 house band: rock this way
qfm96 house band hall of fame


 



 
















 2025 qfm96 house band contest 



 win tickets to the fab four on the classic attic! 



 rock n bowl 2025 



 download the qfm96 app! 



 a new deal heads to cbus savings this friday! 










 





 next on air

 

  full show archive

find full torg & elliott shows on amazon musicfind full torg & elliott shows on spotifyfind full torg & elliott shows on apple music 
  interviews

ohio state athletic director gene smithcbj defensemen erik gudbranson in studio 5/6/24frank caliendo 4/29/24 
 





concerts    2025 experience hendrix tour! 2025 experience hendrix tour
to visit cincinnati
featuring kenny wayne shepherd, christone ‘kingfish’ 
ingram, eric johnson, devon allman, and more
taft theatre
march 11
tickets on sale friday, november 15 at 10am
cincinnati, oh (11/12/24) – the experience hendrix tour, the only official multi-artist celebration of jimi hendrix’s musical genius that made a triumphant return this year after a half-decade hiatus, has just
announced its 2025 edition. the tour kicks off on march 11 with a performance at taft theatre and presents a diverse, star studded lineup for next year and features select dates from experience hendrix
tour mainstays such as kenny wayne shepherd, eric johnson, as well as devon allman (allman betts family revival) and christone ‘kingfish’ ingram.
tickets will go on sale to the public beginning at 10am on friday, november 15 at ticketmaster.com. tickets will also be available at the taft theatre box office during normal business hours.
“jimi has long been a big influence in my musical journey,” said mississippi-born blues guitar phenomenon christone ‘kingfish’ ingram, who is both a grammy award winner and was named contemporary blues male artist of the year at least year’s blues music awards. “the opportunity to join the experience hendrix tour in fall 2024 was fantastic, so i look forward to hitting the stage with the hendrix crew this spring as we bring this exciting show to more north american cities.”
guitarist/vocalist/songwriter devon allman has been making music since the 1990s in various bands (honeytribe, royal southern brotherhood) and as a solo artist, before founding the allman betts band
in 2018 with duane betts. there is a familial connection, as their fathers duane allman and dickey betts were in the allman brothers band, who played the 1970 atlanta international pop festival with the jimi
hendrix experience. devon allman’s musical style ranges from southern rock to soul to blues, making him a perfect candidate for taking on the immense challenge of doing hendrix’s music justice in a live
setting. “really looking forward to celebrating the eternal, cosmic music of jimi hendrix,” stated devon allman. “his singing voice has inspired me just as much as his ethereal, martian, liquid-esque guitar. it’s
gonna be a stone-cold groove…be with us!”
kenny wayne shepherd’s soulful and pitch-perfect guitar playing has been a key component of the experience hendrix tour for many years. the five-time grammy nominee and recipient of two billboard
music awards commented, “i’m excited to be a part of the experience hendrix tour again. this tour always offers fans a unique opportunity to see artists from multiple genres of music all honoring the
great jimi hendrix. the diversity of the artists that take part every year only goes to show the vast reach of jimi hendrix’s influence.”
among the other artists featured on the 2025 experience hendrix tour are texas blues sensation ally venable, chuck campbell and calvin cooke (slide brothers), vocalist noah hunt and bassist kevin mccormick (both of kenny wayne shepherd band), mato nanji (indigenous), blues guitar prodigy mathias lattin, vocalists dylan triplett and henri brown, and rock and roll hall of famer chris layton
(stevie ray vaughan and double trouble).
the 2025 experience hendrix tour is sponsored by marshall, fender musical instruments and dunlop. marshall amps have long been associated with jimi hendrix and were his amplifiers of choice during his career. fender is now celebrating the 70thanniversary of the fender stratocaster, the guitar most often associated with jimi hendrix. dunlop makers of gear and accessories, recently launched line of
authentic hendrix ’68 shrine series of stomp boxes/effects pedals.
     qfm96 presents zoso-the ultimate led zeppelin experience saturday, march 22, 2025
zoso – the ultimate led zeppelin experience
presented by qfm96
kemba live!
columbus, oh
7:00pm
doors open
purchase tickets now at axs.com
tickets: $28.50 – $35
zoso: the ultimate led zeppelin experience
celebrating their 30th anniversary in 2025, zoso has become one of the most iconic and respected led zeppelin tribute experiences in the world, having played over 4,800 shows across the globe. known for their unparalleled dedication to faithfully recreating the legendary band’s live performances, zoso has earned accolades from both critics and fans alike.
the band was founded by matt jernigan and adam sandling, both of whom are renowned for their exceptional musicianship and passion for led zeppelin’s music. jernigan, who takes on the colossal role of robert plant, has a commanding stage presence that rivals the icon himself. sandling, who brings john paul jones to life, masterfully plays bass, keyboards, and mandolin, replicating the multifaceted talent of the zeppelin legend.
in 2015, bevan davies joined zoso as john bonham, completing the lineup. an accomplished drummer with a resume that includes playing with danzig, jerry cantrell (of alice in chains), static x, and billy duffy (of the cult), davies brings an unmistakable power and precision to zoso’s live shows, helping the band recreate bonham’s legendary drum sound.
zoso’s live performances focus on the raw energy and intricate musicality of led zeppelin’s best-known hits and deeper tracks, with a particular emphasis on recreating their live show experience. the band’s commitment to authenticity has earned them praise from major outlets, with the la times calling them “head and shoulders above all other led zeppelin tributes,” and the st. petersburg times describing them as “the most exacting of all the led zeppelin tributes.”
with over 30 years of music history behind them, zoso continues to be regarded as one of the finest led zeppelin tributes, with the chicago sun-times calling them “the closest to the original of any led zeppelin tribute.” whether you’re a lifelong fan of led zeppelin or discovering their music for the first time, zoso delivers an unforgettable experience that takes you back to the glory days of rock and roll.
     burton cummings at palace theatre burton cummings: 60th anniversary hits tour
saturday, march 29th
palace theatre – 8pm
purchase tickets here!
burton cummings, lead singer of the guess who and a successful solo artist, is set to tour the us in 2024 & 2025, marking his 60-year anniversary of making and releasing music.
in 1964, a 16-year-old cummings released two singles as a member of the deverons. just two years later, he joined the guess who. it was with the original the guess who that cummings’ signature vocals, along with his songwriting and keyboard prowess would fuel massively big hits around the world including “these eyes,” “no time,” “laughing” and their biggest hit “american woman.” the latter track topping the billboard hot 100 for three weeks in 1970. following the band’s breakup in 1975, cummings found solo success with “stand tall,” an international hit that spent 21 weeks on the billboard hot 100, peaking at #10.
today, cummings remains at the top of his game as an unrivaled singer, songwriter, showman, and recording artist. don’t miss your chance to see this music legend live!
     sonic temple 2025 
full music lineup announced for
sonic temple art & music festival
may 8-11, 2025
at historic crew stadium in columbus, ohio
korn, bad omens & three days grace (thursday),
metallica, rob zombie & alice cooper (friday),
linkin park, incubus & i prevail (saturday),
metallica, alice in chains & chevelle (sunday)
more than 100 bands will perform during 4-day event
4-day, 2-day, single-day, and vip passes on sale now
including new rock royalty reserved pass with lounge
at sonictemplefestival.com
 
the full music lineup has been announced for the fourth year of sonic temple art & music festival, including some incredible firsts for the pinnacle of rock festivals in america, held may 8, 9, 10 & 11 at historic crew stadium in columbus, ohio.
more than 100 bands will take the stage during the four-day destination event, marking its biggest year ever. the festival will feature a massive lineup of rock royalty including linkin park with new co-vocalist emily armstrong; they will make their debut at sonic temple headlining on saturday in one of the band’s first shows in seven years. as previously announced, metallica will also appear at sonic temple for the first time ever in 2025 for a “no repeat weekend” offering two unique headlining sets over two nights (friday and sunday).
thursday night at sonic temple will feature headliner korn, along with bad omens and three days grace. on friday, metallica will be supported by rob zombie and alice cooper, and on saturday linkin park will be supported by incubus and i prevail. metallica will close out the weekend on sunday night with alice in chains and chevelle.
“we’re thrilled to finally reveal the full lineup to our fans! bringing two nights of metallica to sonic temple has been years in the making, and we’re excited to make it a reality,” says danny wimmer of danny wimmer presents. “with over 100 bands, including powerhouses korn, bad omens and incubus, alongside the highly anticipated return of linkin park, and the reunion of three days grace with adam gontier, 2025 is shaping up to be an unforgettable year. we can’t wait to see everyone at sonic temple!”
korn said, “we’re looking forward to coming back and headlining sonic temple in 2025 for our friends at dwp and performing for all of our incredible fans in columbus, ohio.”
other highlights for sonic temple 2025 include:
● three days grace: highly demanded reunion with original vocalist adam gontier
● gwar: celebrating their 40th anniversary
● crossfade: first performance in 13 years
● seven hours after violet: one of the first u.s. festival appearances for the new band from system of a down bassist shavo odadjian
● acid bath: very rare reunion performance
● bullet for my valentine: 20th anniversary set of their album the poison
● trivium: 20th anniversary set of their album ascendancy
three days grace’s adam gontier said, “i couldn’t be more excited to not only be back together with the rest of the band, but having three days grace joining all our friends and amazing bands at sonic temple as our first festival appearance is going to be a very special night.”
the full music lineup for sonic temple 2025 is as follows: metallica, linkin park, korn, bad omens, incubus, alice in chains, rob zombie, three days grace, alice cooper, i prevail, mastodon, jimmy eat world, acid bath, chevelle, motionless in white, ice nine kills, bullet for my valentine, hollywood undead, trivium, killswitch engage, ministry, cannibal corpse, power trip, underoath, asking alexandria, suicidal tendencies, grandson, poppy, arch enemy, jinjer, sevendust, badflower, testament, crossfade, hatebreed, of mice & men, quicksand, hoobastank, cavalera, exodus, as i lay dying, gwar (40th anniversary), deafheaven, filter, health, citizen soldier, from ashes to new, corrosion of conformity, silverstein, the devil wears prada, all shall perish, overkill, obituary, all that remains, memphis may fire, fit for a king, set it off, whitechapel, sunami, speed, municipal waste, the black dahlia murder, converge, seven hours after violet, nitzer ebb, after the burial, erra, invent animate, escape the fate, the plot in you, alien ant farm, nails, fit for an autopsy, the acacia strain, bloodywood, trust company, sick puppies, orgy, jesus piece, pain of truth, fame on fire, armored saint, category 7, gatecreeper, boundaries, sanguisugabogg, shadow of intent, silent planet, scary kids scaring kids, framing hanley, the funeral portrait, upon a burning body, frozen soul, caskets, i set my friends on fire, candy, angelmaker, wind walkers, nevertel, left to suffer, 200 stab wounds, peelingflesh, return to dust, silly goose, uncured, dead heat, and gridiron.
all single day, 2-day and 4-day general admission and vip passes for sonic temple art & music festival are on sale now at www.sonictemplefestival.com where fans can find a range of new pass types for 2025. this includes a brand-new rock royalty reserved pass with a dedicated lounge and reserved seats for the first time in the history of the festival, as well as commemorative gifts, all of which offers the best way to experience the festival. full details for the available pass types can be found at https://sonictemplefestival.com/passes/. limited quantities of 4-day field ga remain available.
select single day offerings, 4-day columbus owners club, and rv camping passes are sold out. fans can book an official sonic temple festival hotel via jampack, offering access to nearby hotels, shuttle service and other exclusives.
sonic temple passes can be secured starting at $1 down (or 10% of the total purchase), with almost 6 months to pay them off in full. service fees on all pass purchases include a charity fee for the dwp foundation, which gives back to local and national charities throughout the year.
in addition to metallica’s anticipated performances, fans will be able to enjoy a variety of metallica onsite experiences all weekend long, including the blackened whiskey bar and blackened burger bar,
featuring a collaboration between blackened whiskey, celebrity chef chris santos and metallica. the blackened burger bar is where exceptional spirits, culinary creations, and the power of music collide in a fusion of flavors and rock, receiving rave reviews as the favorite fan experience and food selection of dwp 2024 festivals.
a favorite onsite haunt, the dive bar, will also be back, along with the sonic temple live art program, which will be bigger than ever in 2025. featured artists from last year’s art program include terry urban (who will be designing a limited-edition hoodie for sonic temple 2025), jay howell, monster steve, lamour supreme and awal.
sonic temple art & music festival is produced by danny wimmer presents, one of the largest independent producers of destination music festivals in america.
for more information on sonic temple art & music festival, visit:
website: https://sonictemplefestival.com
facebook: www.facebook.com/sonictemplefestival | @sonictemplefestival
twitter: www.twitter.com/sonictemplefest | @sonictemplefest
instagram: www.instagram.com/sonictemplefestival | @sonictemplefestival
app store: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/sonic-temple-art-music-fest/id1459260994
play store: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dwimmer.sonictem
 
     qfm96 presents wish you were here at kemba live! qfm96 presents wish you were here – the sight & sound of pink floyd “50/30 anniversary tour”
saturday, may 17th
kemba live! 
doors: 7pm
tickets on sale friday, february 14th at 10am at axs.com
wish you were here – the sight & sound of pink floyd presents its “50/30 anniversary tour” – celebrating 50 years of pink floyd’s wish you were here album and 30 years of wywh the tribute band.
wish you were here in 2025 commemorates the 50th anniversary of the iconic 1975 album, as well as the cleveland-based tribute act’s own 30th anniversary by performing the wish you were here album in its entirety plus pink floyd classics.
wish you were here performs pink floyd of all eras at every show, while focusing on the authentic musical and visual presentation of pink floyd’s classic years of 1970-1981 – with lighting, vintage videos, sound effects and flying inflatables from that era, while also recreating the psychedelic visuals from the syd barrett years and a spectacular new laser light show from the division bell era.
originally debuting as harvest pink floyd revue in 1987, wish you were here is the longest continually performing pink floyd tribute act in the world, as well as america’s largest, most authentic pink floyd stage production – all performed 100% live without backing tracks, with an unparalleled history of sold-out concerts, record-breaking festival events and celebrated theater productions throughout midwest america.
 sports

19 hours ago
                    in sports
here’s a crash course — a cheat sheet, really — for the 67th running of the daytona 500



so let's wave the green flag and take a crash course on some of the basic names and terms to know for the daytona 500.


19 hours ago
                    in sports, trending
philadelphia turns green on valentine’s day to celebrate super bowl champions



swooning fans screamed and cheered friday as mvp quarterback jalen hurts and eagles owner jeffrey lurie took turns hoisting the vince lombardi trophy at the start of the team's victory parade through the city of brotherly love.


1 day ago
                    in sports
rodgers’ stint with the jets is over. here are some potential landing spots if he doesn’t retire



aaron rodgers' tenure with the new york jets began with lots of fanfare and super bowl aspirations. it ended less than two years later with a disappointing thud.


2 days ago
                    in sports
raptors coach darko rajakovic upset with cavaliers’ tristan thompson for late dunk in blowout



toronto raptors coach darko rajakovic said cleveland center tristan thompson was "disrespectful" for dunking with four seconds remaining in the fourth quarter of the cavaliers' 131-108 victory wednesday night.

national

1 day ago
                    in entertainment
a$ap rocky trial brings clashing closing arguments over gun as rihanna brings tiny sons to court



with rihanna and two toddlers looking on from the audience, a prosecutor at the trial of a$ap rocky told jurors during his closing argument thursday that they have "one critical question" to answer.


2 days ago
                    in entertainment
‘saturday night live’ plans a massive 50th anniversary special. who’s coming and how to watch



airing sunday and spanning three hours, the, yes, live "snl50: the anniversary celebration" will assemble a dream team of stars who have helped the show become an enduring pop culture force.


2 days ago
                    in national
vaccine skeptic robert f. kennedy jr. is sworn in as trump’s health chief after a close senate vote



robert f. kennedy jr. was sworn in thursday as president donald trump's health secretary after a close senate vote, putting the prominent vaccine skeptic in control of $1.7 trillion in federal spending, vaccine recommendations and food safety as well as health insurance programs for roughly half the country.


2 days ago
                    in entertainment, music
mariah carey, chubby checker, cyndi lauper, outkast and phish get rock hall nominations



mariah carey, chubby checker, cyndi lauper, outkast and phish are some the 2025 nominees for induction into the rock & roll hall of fame, a list that also includes two sets of musical brothers who have had public feuds and recent reunions — the black crowes and oasis.

 

trending

19 hours ago
                    in sports, trending
philadelphia turns green on valentine’s day to celebrate super bowl champions



swooning fans screamed and cheered friday as mvp quarterback jalen hurts and eagles owner jeffrey lurie took turns hoisting the vince lombardi trophy at the start of the team's victory parade through the city of brotherly love.


1 day ago
                    in entertainment
a$ap rocky trial brings clashing closing arguments over gun as rihanna brings tiny sons to court



with rihanna and two toddlers looking on from the audience, a prosecutor at the trial of a$ap rocky told jurors during his closing argument thursday that they have "one critical question" to answer.


2 days ago
                    in entertainment
‘saturday night live’ plans a massive 50th anniversary special. who’s coming and how to watch



airing sunday and spanning three hours, the, yes, live "snl50: the anniversary celebration" will assemble a dream team of stars who have helped the show become an enduring pop culture force.


2 days ago
                    in sports, trending
golden state warriors blend sports and music with new album from their groundbreaking record label



the golden state warriors are known for their electrifying plays and superstar stephen curry, but now the team is pioneering a fresh gameplan: blending sports and entertainment in a way no nba franchise has before.


2 days ago
                    in lifestyle
nearly everyone in the world breathes bad air. this is what you can do to lower your risk



everyone loves a breath of fresh air. unfortunately, too often our air is anything but fresh.

 

now playing
 


what's happening

red, white, & q fund



join qfm96 in supporting real life heroes with your donations.



join the qfm96 music crue



we want to play what you want to hear. sign up for the qfm96 music crue and you’ll help shape the playlist blasting out of your speakers every day.



96 minute rock n roll bender



close out your workday with archie and 96 minutes of uninterrupted rock every weekday at 4:20pm. 



cbus savings



shop local deals up to 50% off!



stay connected with qfm96



tell your smart speaker to play qfm96.



now you can text qfm96



send us a message at 614-821-9696



more places to find q brew!



qfm96 and homestead beer present a new, crushable beer; that’s been forty-seven years in the making!  q brew, the only […]


like us on facebook!


































qfm96 copyright 2025 saga communications,
                        inc. all rights reserved.
                    
eeo
                            report | fcc public file  | fcc applications
                            for assistance accessing public files, contact pfassist@cbusmediagroup.com 

privacy policy | terms of use |
                        data access request | contests &
                            rules
non-discriminatory advertising letter |
                        advisory public notice - non-discriminatory ad contracts
                    
some images copyright ap, clipart.com









































