





aqua culture – aqua culture swim school & training center

























skip to content




410-420-7665  •  2213-a commerce rd, forest hill, md
toggle navigationhomeswim schoolregistrationfacilitiescontact usfaqslinkstraining centertraining scheduleaqua culture training coursesred cross informationtraining center registrationtraining center policiescompetitive / teamcontact us410-420-7665  •  2213-a commerce rd, forest hill, md
toggle navigationhomeswim schoolregistrationfacilitiescontact usfaqslinkstraining centertraining scheduleaqua culture training coursesred cross informationtraining center registrationtraining center policiescompetitive / teamcontact us
 





homeadmin2025-02-12t03:36:09+00:00 
welcome toaqua culture
swim school & training centerwednesday, 2-12-25
harford aquatic wellness center (hawc) will be closed 8 am to 1 pm on wednesday, february 12, 2025, due to inclement weather and poor travel conditions
aqua culture evening competitive swim programs will be held as scheduled. 
think spring
it’s cold outside but warm weather is coming! our pool is warm and now is a great time to prepare for summer swimming.
click here to enroll!
inclement weather policy
in case of inclement weather check the aqua culture web page or facebook page to confirm the status of the aqua culture programming. we are a family centered facility and we take the health and safety of every participant very seriously. with that in mind, we will evaluate closing the facility and canceling programming based on the currently available weather and travel information.  once a decision is made an email will be sent out through iclass to all families with lessons scheduled for that day. please make sure your family account has checked off that you “subscribe to email blast” so you recieve communication. if you are considering a rec swim you need to check the webpage or facebook. 
if aqua culture closes due to weather we will adhere to the following cancellation policies:
 
*morning classes (10am-12pm) will be canceled by 9am
 
*afternoon classes (1pm-3pm) will be canceled by 12pm
 
*evening classes (3pm-8pm) will be canceled by 2pm
 
if there are no lessons there are no rec swim times.
employment opportunity
we are looking for awesome people
join the aqua culture swim school team.
we look to hire a person and train skills.
instructors and front desk staff
we need instructors and front desk staff. please email and tell us a little about yourself to start the process. thank you for your consideration. we know there are a lot of job opportunities out there, and we are offering a chance to change lives.
deck assistant – entry level
we are also looking for some young people interested in being a deck assistant and training to be an instructor in the future.
sign up for  lessons now
click for swim school registration information 
sign up now for swim lessons to be ready for summer.
share the love and get a reward
referral credits – refer a new family and your family gets a $25 credit on your account. just make sure they list your family as the referral source when they set up their family account.
email if you have questions about any of our programs.
admin@aquacultureswimschool.com
why aqua culture?

age appropriate learn to swim curriculum
fun, exciting, family focused environment
warm water, spacious, comfortable viewing room for parents with play area for brothers and sisters
play area to keep siblings busy with developmentally appropriate toys.
large family changing rooms for the safety and comfort of your family

aqua culture swim school was founded on the simple yet powerful assertion that drowning is preventable.  drownings are the leading cause of injury death for young children ages 1 to 4 and the second leading cause in children 1 to 14; three children die in the us every day as a result of drowning. research has shown that participation in formal swimming lessons can reduce the risk of drowning by 88% among children aged 1 to 4 years.
                      scott behm  february 17, 2023.        love the school and the teachers.          michele shaffer  december 3, 2022.                  jenna whitehead  june 9, 2022.                  keyza turner  january 29, 2022.                  douglas davis  october 9, 2021.                  heather boos  august 13, 2021.        it was good swimming pool          justin daisey  june 29, 2021.        have had a great experience with aqua culture! we live very close so it was convenient and they were flexible with us switching classes as our schedule had changed. if we have another little one will definitely bring them there to learn how to swim!!!          cara ensor  may 25, 2021.                  tricia june hubbard  may 7, 2021.                  tina rinehart  august 27, 2020.          
lap swimming
water exercise
harford aquatic wellness center
looking for lap swimming and water exercise options? consider registering for the harford aquatic wellness center (hawc). our regular hours are mondays through friday 8am-1pm. there are also limited times available during swim school hours tuesday 5pm to 7pm, thursday and friday 3pm to 8pm and saturday 9am to 2pm. we use signupgenius for swimmers to reserve a lap lane or exercise area.
register for hawc
to register for a hawc monthly personal pass

download the iclasspro from your app store (account name: aquacultureswimschool) or visit aqua culture iclass customer portal and set up an account. 
sign into your family account, accept policies and verify your profile information. you must set each swimmer up as a student
email admin@aquacultureswimschool.com and let us know that you set up an account.

scheduleaqua culture swim school
tuesday 5 pm – 7 pm
thursday and friday 3 pm – 8 pm
saturday 9:30 am – 2 pm
hawc hours
monday – friday 8 am – 1 pm
griffith university study about early swimming benefitsresearchers at griffith university found that swim lessons actually teach a whole lot more than bubble blowing and back floats. in fact, their study showed that kids who took swim lessons before the age of 5, were 6 to 20 months ahead of their peers…in a ton of different areas.
the study looked at 7,000 kids who took swimming lessons in the usa, australia and new zealand. turns out, those swim class kids had a substantial competitive edge across all developmental areas:


intellectually, they were 6 months ahead of their peers in counting and mathematics reasoning.
physically, they were 7 months ahead in motor development.
socially, they were 15 months ahead in socio and emotional development.

register now for swim lessons
aqua culture is open for lessons thursday & friday 3:00 pm to 8:00 pm, and saturday 10:00 am to 3:00 pm for swim lessons.
please email admin@aquacultureswimschool.com your availability during these hours of operation. please do not call, the front desk staff is only working limited hours from home. we hope to add more lessons times once we maximize the current hours.
click here to register!
the process starts with an assessment so we can get to know your little swimmer. click the link above to register for a no-cost, no-obligation assessmentwe offer assessment appointments at the following times. 
mon 12:00 pm
fri 3:00 pm / 7:15 pm
sat 1:30 pm
rec swim & water exercise sign-up
– we offer rec swim opportunities via signupgenius. currently enrolled swim school families and hawc swimmers/exercisers are eligible to sign up. (swim school families please do not sign up for a rec swim during your swimmers lessons):
sign up here
follow good safety practices and observe pool etiquette during rec swim times – rec swim guidelines: parents need to be in the water unless the swimmer is 6 or older and at least level 3b. any floatation devices must be coast guard approved and the use of a floatation device does not override the need for the parent to be in the water. a parent must be on deck with all swimmers even if the parent is not required to be in the water. constant supervision is a key element to water safety.

aqua culture swim schoolaqua culture swim school & training center
sign up nowclick for registeration information×scheduling an absenceplease do not send your swimmers to class if they have been diagnosed with a contagious illness or have a fever or diahrea. of course, this applies to any absence not just illness-related absences. here are the basic steps for scheduling a future absence. notifying aqua culture of an absence through the portal or app is helpful since these notifications show up on the instructor’s rosters for the day when they check in.
log into the customer portal or app
go to “my account” → “students”
select “future absences”
you can submit future absences by date (for the whole family) or by enrollment (for individual swimmers)
note: in the mobile app, select account from the navigation toolbar at the bottom of the screen, select the student you wish to create a future absence for, then click “future absences.
for detailed step-by-step instructions visit the iclasspro knowledgebase: how do i submit a future absence request through customer portal?closeschedule an absence×checking in with the kiosk
checking in with kisok
we are implementing a check in kiosk. there will be a laptop at the front desk. iclasspro assigns a qr code to a family or student.  qr codes can be displayed on your mobile device to log into the check-in kiosk. phone numbers can also be used to check in. it is suggested that you take a screenshot of the code to make it easier to locate on their device.
to find your qr codes log in to the iclass app. 

select “accounts”
select a “student”
one of the options under the student is “qr codes”
this will show both your “family code” and the “student code”

qr codes assigned to a student will automatically select that student when checking in.
qr codes assigned to a family will automatically select all students in the family and work the same as entering the family phone number. 



hold your qr code up to the webcam on the laptop to check-in.
 
closechecking in with kiosk



 
 
location2213-a commerce rd
forest hill, maryland
north of bel air in harford county
410-420-7665
follow us on facebook
owned and operated according to biblical principles.
swim lessons from the swim school where swimmers love to grow!
© 2025 |   aqua culturedesigned and hosted by hyper media
for information email us at:info@aquacultureswimschool.com




 
 



page load link















go to top




