


team giants - mikefan and gamegirl review the ny football giants







 
  
 
team 
giants  2024 
final standingsteamwlthmrdpfpa
phil14308-16-2 463 
303 wash12507-25-3485391
dallas71002-75-3350468
ny31401-82-6 273 
415  
nfc east depth charts 
giants 2024 depth chart 
eagles 2024 depth chart 
cowboys 2024 depth chart  
wash 2024 depth chart

    
online news 
e-giants  
si giants country 
big blue view 
ny giants wire 
heavysports 
empire sports 
ny giants rush 
big blue interactive   
espn giants 
nbc giants  
cbs sportsline  
foxsports giants 
ysports giants 
bleacher report  
giants.com transcripts 
 newspapers
 
star ledger 
ny post  
the record 
free fun stuff
yes free  
fan information  
news photos  
giants photos 
books and videos2024
 
2024 roster 
2024 depth chart  
2024 injuries 
2024 penalty log 
2024 team stats 
nfl playoffs2023
 
2023 roster 
2023 depth chart  
2023 injuries 
2023 penalty log 
2023 team stats 
nfl playoffs2022
 
2022 roster 
2022 depth chart  
2022 injuries 
2022 penalty log 
2022 team stats 
nfl playoffs1997 
- 2023  
games 
 
 
new york giants tailgater bottle opener belt buckle
 
more links 
history 
stat attack  
nfl giants  
giants.com  
press - transcripts  
giants team song 
giants ring of honor  
all nfl teams
 giants history
 the post ranks the most 
memorable nfl moments at giants stadium. here's 25 
things you didn't know about the giants. named 
after the team, giants stadium opened on october 10, 1976. the 
giants controversial move from new york to jersey.  
the first game at the stadium. ny giants on wikipedia. 
the warner dvd - new york giants  10 
greatest games giants 
history 
coaches  
retired jerseys  
best years  
draft picks - all years  
draft picks history  
#1 draft picks  
all time team/player stats  
all time roster  
ring of honor 
hall of fame  
pro football hf 
scores 1925 - 2022 
sb xxi    
sb xxv  
sb xxxv  
sb xlii 
sb xlii - oral history  
sb xlvi 
super bowl mvps  
every giants sb touchdown
 nfl info
stadium comparisons - cost 
quarterback contracts 
qbr explained 
overtime rules  
team rosters  
team songs 
super bowl rings 
pro bowls - 2000-2005    nfl 
playoffs 2000-2023  sb 
lviii sb lvii sb 
lvi  sb lv sb 
liv sb liii sb 
lii sb li sb 50
sb sb xlix sb xlviii
sb xlvii sb xlvi
sb xlv sb xliv
sb xvliii sb xlii
sb xli sb xl sb 
xxxix sb xxxviii sb 
xxxvii sb xxxvi sb 
xxxv sb xxxiv
 the stadium 
giants - general info  
stadium guide  
stadium outside area   
stadium seating - map
 
old stadium seating 2024 
ny giants games sept 8   
vikingsl28-6
sept 15at washingtonl21-18
sept 22at brownsw21-15
sept 26   cowboysl20-15oct 
6at seahawksw29-20oct 
13  bengals
l17-7oct 
20   philadelphial28-3oct 
28atsteelersl26-18nov 
3  washingtonl27-22nov 
10atpanthersl20-17nov 
24  buccaneersl30-7
nov 28at cowboysl27-20
dec 8  saintsl14-11dec 
15   ravensl35-14dec 
22at falconsl34-7dec 
29  coltsw45-33jan 
5at philadelphial20-13
 
  final standings 
 1999 
- 2023 final standings  
  
 team giants news  transcripts: 
joe schoen, brian daboll | giants 
tv schedule  
giants 
online - videos| 
podcasts | giants 
radio | game 
broadcasts | 

 
          
           


the new york giants 2025 opponents
- *2024 playoff teams. 2025seasongameshome: 
    dallas cowboys, *philadelphia eagles, 
*washington commanders,*green bay packers, *kansas city, *los angeles chargers, 
*minnesota vikings, san francisco 49ersaway: 
    dallas cowboys, *philadelphia eagles, *washington 
commanders, chicago bears, denver broncos, *detroit lions, las vegas raiders, 
new england patriots, new orleans saintsfeb 
17 is 
a 2025 turnaround by the new york giants possible? there are reasons to think 
it could happen. things can change quickly in the nfl. look at the washington 
commanders, who went from 4-13 in 2023 to 12-5 and the nfc conference championship 
game in 2024. besides, this is the offseason. it should be a time for hope. a 
time for optimism that, with some good decisions over the next few months, 2025 
will be better.feb 15
the 
new york giants signed two former kansas city chiefs to contracts for the 
2025 season. the signings include defensive back nic jones and receiver montrell 
washington. both were members of the 2023 team that took down the san francisco 
49ers, 25-22, to cement a second consecutive championship.feb 
14 the 
giants are looking into the possibility of selling up to 10% of the team. 
the mara and tisch families currently own 50% of the team. john mara and steve 
tisch have been in control of the organization on behalf of their families since 
the deaths of their fathers in 2005. bob tisch, steve's father, bought 50% of 
the giants for approximately $75 million in 1991. tim mara, john's grandfather, 
founded the team in 1925 for $500. forbes' most recent valuation of the giants 
came in at $7.3 billion, while cnbc pegged it at $7.85 billion. feb 
12 the 
giants' salary cap situation isn't bad at the moment, but general manager 
joe schoen will still probably have to make some moves at some point. on the surface, 
that cap space seems like plenty to fill many roster holes, but with quarterback 
and cornerback being among the team's most pressing needs, that money is expected 
to evaporate rather quickly.nfl 
teams are reportedly hesitant to let hbo document their offseason. the clip 
of team owner john mara telling gm joe schoen that he's "going to have a 
hard time sleeping" if star running back saquon barkley signed with the rival 
philadelphia eagles is one of the most infamous out-of-competition clips in the 
history of sports television.feb 7  special 
report - well, eli manning didn't make it into the pro football hall of fame, 
but it was only his first year of eligibility and that's almost standard procedure. 
the problem is that there are many others in this ever-growing list of all-time 
stars (and a few not so much) who failed to make it on their first try. conversely, 
there are some who really don't belong (i would mention their names, but they 
might have friends locally). but eli belongs, and certainly he'll get there 
one day, but now he's relegated to living that old baseball adage - "wait 'til 
next year". showing his high level of class, as he always did in his 16 years 
with the giants, eli simply congratulated those who did make it with no mention 
of the fact that he didn't. "it's a great honor to have been considered," he said, 
seemingly ruling out the chance of "wait 'til next year."feb 
6 should 
the new york giants hitch their wagon to a rookie quarterback in 2025? a big-name 
veteran? some form of both? wide receiver malik nabers, fresh off an outstanding 
rookie season, told pft live he has "no preference." nabers, though, 
did more or less express a preference. he doesn't want to see the giants ask a 
rookie to try and save the franchise without a proper mentor in place to help 
him.former giantsdaniel 
jones - former giants and current vikings qb daniel jones landing spots.feb 
3 best 
of giants at 2025 pro bowl games - photos of dexter lawrence and malik nabers 
at the 2025 pro bowl games in orlando, where eli manning 3-peated as head coach 
of the nfc.jan 30 the 
new york giants have a long offseason of work to get their roster back on 
track to being more competitive following a massively disappointing three-win 
season that was lowlighted by the offense's struggles. in some cases, the giants 
will probably "double dip," adding multiple players either via a freer 
agency, the draft, or both. quarterback is one such position that comes to mind 
as a prime candidate for "double dipping." cornerback is another. jan 
28 malik 
nabers named to 2025 pro bowl games. nabers was named to the pro bowl games 
as a replacement for detroit's amon-ra st. brown, who is unable to participate 
due to injury. he joins defensive lineman dexter lawrence ii as giants who will 
participate in the pro bowl games beginning thursday. nabers, originally named 
a second alternate, is the giants' first pro bowl wide receiver since odell beckham, 
jr. was selected to his third in a row in 2016. he is the first giants rookie 
pro bowler since beckham in 2014. both nabers and beckham were giants first-round 
draft choices from lsu. jan 26
only 
two years ago, giants quarterback tommy devito took the nfl stage and likened 
himself to the fanbase with a heroic three-game winning streak in the middle of 
a mediocre 6-11 campaign that lost starter, daniel jones, to a season-ending acl 
injury. however, after being brought back to originally serve as the franchise's 
third-string gunslinger, devito was thrust back into the spotlight in the middle 
of another struggling run and couldn't resurrect the same magic he had once before. 
nfl newseagles-commanders 
playoff preview: 11 things to watch in sunday's nfc championship game.bills-chiefs: 
a quick game preview heading into sunday: five things to watch.former 
giantsdaniel 
jones - carl banks mentions names such as geno smith, baker mayfield, and 
darnold as examples of why daniel jones can revive his career. each one of those 
three quarterbacks has emerged as pro bowl players after leaving their initial 
teams at the start of their careers.jan 23
the 
moment the final whistle blew at the new york giants season finale a few weeks 
back, a reset began. the following day, general manager joe schoen stepped to 
the podium and declared the next four months would be spent upgrading the roster 
via free agency and the draft. nowhere is the need to upgrade more glaring than 
the quarterback position. daniel jones is gone, drew lock and tim boyle free 
agents, and only tommy devito (exclusive rights free agent) is expected to return. 
there is more than just the quarterback position that must be addressed. john 
mara highlighted his disappointment in the defense and the need for depth on the 
offensive line. jan 21
after 
failing to get a contract extension from the new york giants last offseason, 
receiver darius slayton is set to hit the free agent market, where he could land 
a profitable deal. spotrac projects slayton's market value to bring him a two-year, 
$31.720 million contract, an average of $15.9 million annually. the projected 
deal would also put slayton 22nd among receivers if it were to come to fruition 
and would more than double the $6 million average salary he received from the 
giants.jan 20 it 
seems like every season, the new york giants field an offensive line with 
the sole purpose of creating an excuse for its stars. eli manning's final seasons 
would've been sweeter with more time; fewer sacks would have aided daniel jones' 
development; just imagine what saquon barkley could've done with better play up 
front. in 2024, the tides seemed to be turning. the unit was healthy for week 
1, and for the first six weeks of the season, new york got acceptable play from 
its linemen. jones and the rushing offense subsequently looked the part.jan 
19 nfl 
may sideline 'hard knocks: offseason' after giants disaster. to the surprise 
of many, new york giants co-owner john mara signed off on the team appearing in 
"hard knocks: offseason" last year in celebration of their 100th season. 
in hindsight, mara might like to have that decision back. the giants were unjustly 
confident and paid the price for it.jan 18
the 
new york giants' eventual quarterback decision this offseason will shape the 
remainder of general manager joe schoen and head coach brian daboll's respective 
tenures with the team. will they go all-in on a young quarterback prospect in 
the draft? will they look to trade for a veteran qb, or sign one in nfl free agency? 
the best method could be to double down at the position, adding both a veteran 
and a rookie, and kirk cousins might be an ideal bridge starter in that scenario.jan 
17 stay 
or go: should giants bring tommy devito back for the 2025 season? in just 
two seasons with the giants, tommy devito has become a bit of a cultural phenomenon. 
born and raised in new jersey, devito attended don bosco prep and then syracuse 
before finishing his collegiate career at illinois. despite joining the team as 
an undrafted free agent, devito has quickly become a fan favorite, appearing in 
12 games with eight starts over the last two seasons while throwing for 11 touchdowns 
and four interceptions.jan 16
the 
new york giants have fired defensive backs coach/passing game coordinator 
jerome henderson and safeties coach mike treier, per nfl insider mike garafolo. 
henderson had been with the giants since 2020 when he was initially hired by joe 
judge. he is a former nfl player and has been a defensive backs coach in the nfl 
since 2007. henderson, 55, has been a highly-respected coach. these moves are 
perhaps another indication that bowen will remain as defensive coordinator, and 
that the giants could lean into finding players and coaches more in tune with 
the scheme bowen wants to run.jan 15
while 
figuring out the quarterback situation is easily the top priority for the 
giants this offseason, improving the defense has to be a close second. the giants 
ended the season ranking 21st in points and 24th in yards allowed. the run defense 
was the team's achilles heel, as the unit finished 27th in rushing yards allowed 
and 24th in rushing yards allowed per attempt. the giants held only four opponents 
to under 100 rushing yards this season, while allowing over 125 yards on the ground 
nine different times. the one area the defense really found success in was in 
the red zone. the giants allowed a touchdown on 29 of 54 trips inside their 20-yard 
line, with that 53.7 percent red zone defense ranking 11th in the nfl.jan 
14 the 
latest on what is known about the 2025 nfl salary cap and where the giants 
stand. postseason accounting is apparently done for the non-playoff teams, and 
according to over the cap, the new york giants will carry over $1.172 million 
of leftover 2024 cap space into 2025. the giants' carryover cap amount is the 
third-lowest of all 32 teams, behind only the jets ($345,919) and panthers ($490,368).jan 
13 expect 
shane bowen to be back with the giants in 2025 for a second season as the 
defensive coordinator. sure, the less-than-shocking news sunday that mike vrabel 
was hired as the patriots head coach sparked speculation that bowen could be headed 
to new england, considering bowen made the calls on defense for four years when 
vrabel was the titans head coach. the belief, according to sources, is that bowen 
wants to remain with the giants and that vrabel is thinking of going in a different 
direction as he assembles his new coaching staff.former 
giantsmichael 
strahan, hall of fame defensive end and beloved new york giants icon, publicly 
torched joe schoen's decision-making during a fox broadcast. his target? the offseason 
moves-or lack thereof-that sent saquon barkley and xavier mckinney packing to 
rival teams.jan 12 the 
new york giants thought they had their offensive line woes behind them when 
they entered the 2024 regular season. general manager joe schoen had added two 
key free agents (jermaine eluemunor and jon runyan jr.) to mix in with his young 
core of tackles andrew thomas and evan neal and center john michael schmitz, and 
optimism was high. then, the wheels came off. little by little the line disintegrated 
and by the time the season ended, the giants had used 10 different combinations 
along the offensive line - tied for the most in the nfl this season and matching 
last year's fire drill of a system.jan 11
giants 
general manager joe schoen built a roster capable of winning three games and 
a culture capable of losing 14. from letting priority free agents walk in the 
name of positional value to helping ensure no team ever signs up for an offseason 
edition of hard knocks ever again, it's been a turbulent two seasons since winning 
a playoff game in year 1. his lack of success may only be matched by the criticism 
he's facing for an october skirmish with veteran corner nick mccloud.former 
giantsdaniel 
jones has joined the minnesota vikings, a team firmly in the hunt for a super 
bowl title and recognized as one of the most consistent in the nfl. initially 
signed to the practice squad in november 2024, jones has now earned a promotion 
to the active roster. head coach kevin o'connell has already expressed satisfaction 
with jones' development, suggesting he could potentially become sam darnold's 
backup quarterback.jan 10
if 
it could go wrong for the giants this season, it did. they got blown out in 
the opener and the opposing coach said his team was "more prepared." 
twenty players and coaches spoke to espn about one of the worst seasons in franchise 
history. insecurity, lack of accountability, conviction and veteran leadership 
in the locker room were some of the reasons pinpointed by those who took stock 
of what went wrong.jan 9
john 
mara, one-half of the team's ownership, tried to explain the reasons for running 
it back with schoen and daboll when he met with the media on monday after the 
decision was announced. but during his 11-minute session, mara, who claimed to 
have confidence in the duo still, seemed to contradict himself. former 
giantseli 
manning would be interested in having a minority nfl ownership stake. the 
giants aren't for sale, but if the team was, the giants' all-time passing record 
holder would be interested in a minority ownership stake.jan 
8 given 
a guarantee that they will have the opportunity to improve the giants' fortunes, 
joe schoen and brian daboll set out to do exactly that. but in separate news conferences 
this afternoon, they offered scant detail how they plan to do it. daboll's job 
security was the subject of much outside speculation over the last six weeks of 
the season. but mara deemed the continuity of keeping his g.m. and coach together 
was better than creating upheaval by re-filling one or both jobs.former 
giantsisaiah 
hodgins, who starred when he came to the new york giants during the second 
half of the 2022 season but saw his role diminish the last two seasons, has left 
the giants for the san francisco 49ers.jan 7
the 
new york giants are retaining general manager joe schoen and coach brian daboll 
off a 3-14 season, team president john mara announced in a statement. daboll said 
he was officially told of his return monday morning. he admitted nothing was good 
enough this past season, the results were "terrible," and the team has 
a lot of work to do moving forward. schoen and daboll each has two years remaining 
on his contract. they will be under pressure to produce a better result immediately. 
while mara didn't put a specific timeline on a turnaround, he didn't offer much 
leeway. "better not take too long, because i've just about run out of patience," 
mara said.[ 
team giants is a fan site for the ny giants football team ] [previous 
news items are here] 


