


















home - daniel boone regional library































































skip to content




notice:curbside pickup at the callaway county public library will be closed today due to inclement weather.









locations & hours
events & videos
services
reserve a room
catalog
my account
 







locations & hours
events & videos
services
reserve a room
catalog
my account
 








ashland
9 am - 6 pm


columbia
9 am - 8 pm


fulton
9 am - 6 pm


holts summit
9 am - 6 pm



hours today 


  







 browse & borrow


my library account  

log in / register
renew items
library cards
get a card
faqs


blogs 

for kids & families
for teens
for adults
one read


also try 

book oracle
interlibrary loan
suggest for purchase
downloads


catalog


 download & stream 




hooplaaudiobooks, comics, ebooks, movies, music & tv



freegalmusic




kanopyfilms & videos



overdrive /libbyaudiobooks, ebooks & magazines





flipstermagazines


need help? get started here




 research & learn


topics 



articles and newspapers
books & reading
business
cars and driving
genealogy
health and medicine




jobs and career
online learning
parenting
students
taxes
» see all topics




popular resources 

consumer reports
creativebug
heritage quest
learningexpress test prep
linkedin learning
mango languages
reference solutions
» see all resources


local resources 

community history archive
excel adult high school
library news
local information
yearbook archive


ask a librarian




 



what can we help you find?






catalog
website
events








featured see more: events staff picks blogs kids & families




winter reading


teens2025 march madness begins!


african-american history online


adultsfebruary 2025 libraryreads



get alibrary card



have you tried kanopy?


have you tried hoopla?



see more
events
staff picks
popular resources
blogs
kids & families



 
 
 
 
 




events & programsfree programs at your library, in the community and online.
 





online author talk with pulitzer prize finalist lee hawkins





learn about the naacp





sensory-friendly story time





missouri’s black newspaper publishers





after-hours open mic night





represent!





studio photography





youth mental health first aid





snack and chat book discussion





messy time





hungrytown concert



more library programs

featured programs
full events calendar




 
see also:   full events calendarrecordings of past programs
 
 




staff picksreading recommendations from the library's collection.





for the kid scientist 

kids


2024 tunes 

adults


good neighbors 

adults


dr. martin luther king jr. day 

adults


new nonfiction – january 2025 

adults


staff picks from local indie bookstores: read harder 2025 

adults


make the most of winter 

adults


heart of missouri casa: a communitymade list 

adults

more book lists

book lists for kids
book lists for teens
book lists for adults




 
 
 




popular library resources

 audiobooks& ebooks
 apply fora passport
 tech help
 reserve ameeting room
 excel adulthigh school

 
 




from our blogsbook and activity ideas for all ages.






substack! the social media app for writers and creatives
while there are many social media platforms available to us, today, i would like to sing praises of substack, a company that believes “the internet’s powers for good could be realized if they were tied to a business model that produces better incentives…” than other platforms. for me, those incentives include conversations from bestselling authors … read more
adultsposted february 14by jonya






first thursday book discussion: “the heaven and earth grocery store”
for the first thursday book discussion this march, step into the chicken hill neighborhood, circa 1925, where african americans and european immigrants struggle to find or keep their place in our still-young nation. in the vein of zora neale hurston, “the heaven and earth grocery story” captures a rarely documented view of early 20th century … read more
adultsposted february 12by maggiem






black history month 2025: african americans and labor
the 2025 black history month theme is exciting and wide-sweeping! this theme “focuses on the various and profound ways that work and working of all kinds — free and unfree, skilled, and unskilled, vocational and voluntary — intersect with the collective experiences of black people.” the theme is particularly appropriate, since 2025 celebrates the centennial anniversary … read more
adultsposted february 10by beth






your ticket to love trope
every genre has its tropes, or a commonly used theme or device. fantasy has the “chosen one” or “lost royalty” and horror/thrillers have the “haunted house” and the “final girl” trope. part of why tropes are used so routinely is that there is comfort in knowing how the story will probably play out, especially in … read more
teensposted february 10by dana






literary links: exploring short stories
this past november, the atlantic released an alarming article about elite college freshmen who lack the ability to read books. it turns out that many students have never received an assignment to read an entire book in their middle and high schools, but rather have studied excerpts, poems and articles. concerned educators have cited several … read more
adultsposted february 9by beth






february 9: national pizza day
sunday, february 9 marks a special day. in 1964 on february 9 the beatles made their first appearance on live american television on the ed sullivan show. president william henry harrison was born that day. super bowl sunday falls on february 9 this year.  most importantly: it’s national pizza day. pizza is one of the … read more
adultsposted february 7by seth






february 2025 libraryreads
february brings another edition of libraryreads, also known as: new books that library folk love! of course, with it being february, we’ve got a fair amount of romance. but if you’re not much of a romance reader, fear not! there are also some murder mystery, historical and speculative fictions, and phycological suspense. “first-time caller” by … read more
adultsposted february 5by kat






beginners guide to tarot
have you been curious about tarot but aren’t sure where to start? starting anything new can be daunting, but don’t worry with a little practice you’ll be tapping into your intuition in no time! tarot has been around for centuries in various forms, early versions of tarot cards can be traced back to the late … read more
teensposted february 5by megan




more content

kids
teens
adults
one read




 
 




for kids & families














kids digital bookstumblebook library
lote4kids – languages other than english
hoopla ebooks for kids
overdrive kids
resources for kids
teachingbooks
world book early learning
 


reading resourcesnew kids books at dbrl
kids book lists
1,000 books before kindergarten
book oracle
novelist plus
check out a kit
videos from dbrl

more for kids & families


 
 









serving boone & callaway counties, missouri








newsletters



about us
governance
accessibility
employment
give to your library
contact
 © copyright 2025 daniel boone regional library















