


	our passion for dairy farming | dfa milk













































































































































          {{menutext}}
        




who we are




our mark


our passion


our farmers


our cooperative


where we are




our products




our brands


our recipes


ingredient solutions




our commitment




dfa cares


diversity equity and inclusion


responsible farming


food safety


innovation


our communities




sustainability



careers




mydfa member login












mydfa member login






























































    dairy farmingat dairy farmers of america, we're proud to share the simple pleasures of real dairy straight from our family dairy farms. and because our cooperative is owned by our farmers, they're personally invested in every product, decision and step we take as an organization. that direct, personal connection to the farm makes each bowl of ice cream even sweeter — and that's why this mark matters.











read more about our mark


















during times of crisis, the need for reliable, nutritious food is even greater. that’s why dfa is committed to helping where we can through our dfa cares foundation, which was created by our family farmer-owners to help meet this increased need. from supporting local milk farms to ensuring dairy products reach those in need, we strive to make a meaningful difference in communities facing hardship.
if you would like to help, donate to dfa cares here
 










































from our family farmsdfa is made up of nearly 10,000 diverse family farmers from across the country. and while their family traditions vary from one farm to the next, some things are always the same — like their commitment to the land, their animals and the families they feed. we support each of these milk farms by finding a home for their milk, operating plants to process their milk, investing in new opportunities and more, all designed to bring them value.





learn about our farmers





































to tables everywherewe're always looking for new ways to bring the joys of dairy to families like yours. from fresh dairy goodness like yogurt and cheese, to dairy's essential role in many of your favorite pantry staples, we support our family farms by sharing the joys of dairy in so many ways.

discover which products are available in your area.





see our brands









































































































follow along
@dfamilk













contact us
dairy facts
newsroom
membership
farm services
my legislator
half & half



1.888.dfa.milk


















sitemapaccessibilitysupplier policycode of conductprivacy policyterms of use



© 2025 dairy farmers of america, inc.





















