






















queue management, kiosks, and digital signage - wirespring













(800) 989-9269         clientcenter login smartflow login







							menu
					







homeindustries smart devices (m2m / iot)digital signageled billboardsinteractive kiosksbanks and credit unionscorporate communicationseducationhealthcarehotelsrestaurant menu boardsretail and cpgtransit and transportationproducts smartflow virtual queuing & appointmentsfirecast clientcenter cloudfirecast clientcenter virtual serverfirecast osfirecast display corefirecast easystartpricingsupport contact tech supportblogs digital signage insiderm2m insidercompany about usmanagement teamcustomer testimonialscareerscontact















virtual queuing with firecast smartflow
eliminate long lines. keep visitors informed.
manage walk-in traffic, schedule appointments, and improve customer service by letting visitors wait in line... without actually waiting in line.
see how it works








virtual queuingwith firecast smartflow
eliminate long lines. keep visitors informed.
manage walk-in traffic, schedule appointments, and improve customer service by letting visitors wait in line... without actually waiting in line.
see how it works



















 


software and cloud services for digital signage and iot


 

digital signage
boost sales, keep employees informed, and drive customer engagement with dynamic messaging. our digital signage systems deliver customized media playlists and targeted information to your audience at the time and place you choose.


 

led billboards
deliver messages from a distance with environmentally-friendly, daylight-readable displays. coupled with our content management software, electronic billboards and electronic signs can drive awareness using static slides, animation, and full-motion video.


 

m2m & internet of things
build networks of smart, connected devices with our application enablement platform and cloud services. our m2m platform allows device manufacturers to connect products to the cloud and instantly benefit from smart features like remote device control and centralized data collection.









 






experts in remote device management









during the past 20 years, wirespring's software has been used to manage tens of thousands of devices around the world. some of the customers we've helped include:















the firecast product line
from digital signs and ticket kiosks to beverage dispensers and parking meters, many of the devices that you interact with are managed and monitored remotely. for more than two decades, wirespring's software platform has enabled companies to design and deploy large networks of connected devices and manage them from the cloud.


 
firecast easystart  is the affordable and easy-to-use solution for projects with just a few digital signs or kiosks, or when you don't need centralized management. it's also perfect for standalone display networks and in-house digital menu boards.

 
firecast enterprise provides a centralized cms, on-the-fly reporting, and advanced customization for large networks of digital signs. remotely control the content on one screen or thousands, right from your web browser. schedule media playback, integrate live video feeds, and get status updates right from the cloud -- or your own premise-hosted server.


 

 
firecast m2m edition  provides highly scalable, cloud-hosted device management, content management, application management, and on-the-fly reporting for networks of connected devices. it's ideal for adding remote control, monitoring, centralized data collection, and graphical user interface capabilities to your machine-to-machine and internet of things (iot) projects.

 
firecast smartflow  enables your customers to join a first-come, first-served virtual queue or book an appointment online. plus, your on-site staff can manage visitor flows in real time from their web browsers.







 






 

learn about queuing and digital signage with our original content



digital signage insider


for smaller retailers, covid-era investments must stand the test of timethe rise and fall of covid-19 infection rates big box retailers double-check their tech for the holidaysstill in the queue: rethinking in-person visits

m2m insider


why the internet of things will never see convergencegoogle and amazon ais still lacking in the "i" departmentnorton's death star router promises to guard home iot goodsdoes the world really need a bluetooth-enabled pregnancy test?

popular research


designing effective digital signage content 
calculating digital signage roi
choosing a digital signage business model
digital signage cost estimates and price guidelines
budgeting for an interactive kiosk project










questions?    get pricing  •     call us at (800) 989-9269 or +1 (954) 548-3300  •     chat with us online 
 copyright © 2023 wirespring technologies, inc. all rights reserved.    site map • privacy • cookies • syndication • legal 









     

homeindustries smart devices (m2m / iot)digital signageled billboardsinteractive kiosksbanks and credit unionscorporate communicationseducationhealthcarehotelsrestaurant menu boardsretail and cpgtransit and transportationproducts smartflow virtual queuing & appointmentsfirecast clientcenter cloudfirecast clientcenter virtual serverfirecast osfirecast display corefirecast easystartpricingsupport contact tech supportblogs digital signage insiderm2m insidercompany about usmanagement teamcustomer testimonialscareerscontact













