

internet user demographics - icorp survey*net (e)





this domain survey.net is for sale... to make an offer contact us (please, serious offers only)









your source for dynamic,
         up-to-the-second
         information, opinions & demographics from the net community!





are you looking for places to get paid for taking surveys?  check out these links:

get paid to take surveys! - paid surveys, etc. your opinion pays!
survey scout pays you for your opinion! - hundreds of market research firms looking for survey takers.  if you are a housewife, a stay-at-home mom, a student, retired, working full time, or just looking to make some extra cash, surveyscout is your ticket to fun, easy money.
express paid surveys - participate in online focus groups and make good money!
government grants - find out how to get the government to give you money for all sorts of business and personal projects. the money is definitely out there for those who will go after it and get the knowledge to find it.
get paid to watch movies - sounds crazy but corporations want people to give them feedback on their products and they will pay you for your time!
big bucks for surveys and focus group participation - make $10-$300 per survey or up to $300/hour to participate in focus groups... wow!






check out the new survey.net forums.  free-form discussions and
community.  join and participate.  discuss politics, current events and much more!  more features and 
rennovation coming soon!




survey-net is
         the source
         for user demographics on the internet. we invite everyone to
         participate in our online surveys -
         the first of their
         kind where you can instantly see the
         compiled results!

         
         the information accumulated online is available to everyone
         on the net. you are free to republish/use any portion of our
         survey results as long as we are acknowledged. the details
         of this are available in our
         information
         license page.

       
         we will continually be adding new surveys and questionaires
         to our site! we invite you to submit questions, comments
         & criticisms so that we can make this the most useful
         source of demographics & info available! if you have
         comments or an idea for a survey,
         contact
         us!  we are now featuring a low traffic
         mailing list that you can subscribe to and we'll let you know when
         new features and items are online -- see below:

!new! - online editorial forums - express
your opinion on the issues with our messageboards!
  


content and control
 survey (take the survey)
how do you feel about inappropriate content on television, online and in the media?  how do we control access
to this content for our children?



latest survey results
user comments
online forum


online intellectual property survey survey (take the survey)
what do you think about property rights in cyberspace?

latest survey results
user comments
editorial columns








                  
                  you'll find political polls,
                  surveys on shareware, net user demographics, online
                  shopping, and more. click on the graphic above to
                  visit the
                  business
                  & politics room.


                  
                  let's get personal! in the
                  s&e
                  room, we delve into the
                  deeper aspects of the human psyche. what motivates
                  you? what motivates others? what are netizen's
                  feelings on current events, religion, and
                  more...


                  
                  find out what people are ranting about regarding
                  our service and questionnaire results in the
                  letters
                  section. it seems every other month there's some
                  sort of scandal here - if you can't find any,
                  create
                  your own.




visit our online messageboard forums with topics dedicated to
various issues.  read what others have to say and post your own
comments.  no registration required!



                  
                  want to know more about
                  survey.net?
                  check the
                  information
                  desk for f.a.q.'s,
                  licensing details, compatibility issues with
                  browsers, cool links, and other helpful
                  topics.


write
                  us a letter. - tell us
                  what's on your mind. how can we improve this site?
                  what are our strengths and weaknesses? what did you
                  like most or least about our site?





sign up for our mailing list and receive news on survey.net polls & updates:


e-mail:  name:  
















copyright ©1994-2001, /intercommerce
corporation,
all rights reserved worldwide
send comments to 
survey.net






