


gamecheetz



























































comic #00081:
    diamond defense















1/5/10 - a friend of mine (who's an actual artist) started
    up a comic. it's very good. it also updates regularly, unlike
    mine. (every wednesday at noon est). it's called rusty
    and co. it's about a group of d&d monsters (rusty the
    rust monster, gelatinous cube and the mimic) that decide to become
    adventurers. i recommend giving it a look. as a matter of fact,
    the entire reason i updated the comic today was to tell you all
    that you should check his comic out, as i otherwise would've
    spent the day cleaning up for when people come to fix my wallpaper,
    so they can get to it without a hassle, followed by doing some
    work on the xbox live arcade game i'm working on for saturnine
    games, and maybe playing an episode of one of the telltale games
    i got for christmas... but i decided instead that i'd update
    the comic to let the 5 of you who actually read this text down
    here know to check out rusty
    and co.

12/20/09 - i'm finally going snowboarding again today!
    yay! oh, what? why the 4 month hiatus? oh, i took an ai class.
    i'm working on upgrading from general video game programmer to
    video game ai programmer.

8/15/09 - the large cavern in order of ecclesia is very
    hard.

8/8/09 - i couldn't actually find a full non-blurry copy
    of battlefield big enough for the current panel size on my computer.
    i wound up taking the solid version from 00011's psd and overlaying
    it onto 00001's blurry jpg, and tracing the jpg. now i've got
    a full copy though...

8/1/09 - i had a smoothie recently. i've never had one
    before. it was good at first, but with an aftertaste that sorta
    confused me for a while and made me not really want it. i eventually
    figured out that the aftertaste was the taste of fruit. it's
    been so long since i've eaten fruit, that my tongue found the
    taste to be strange and wanted to get rid of it... that's pretty
    bad. i should have more to get over that.

7/25/09 - as you may know, i'm a fan of the overlord series.
    i recently played it's two newest games, overlord ii and overlord:
    dark legend. i must say, the control scheme in dark legend is
    great, better than the other two overlord games, but the game's
    so short and has no real replay value. you max out at 20 minions,
    get upgrades in 2s and 3s... i look at a game like the legend
    of zelda: twilight princess and super mario galaxy, and it seems
    to me that dark legend was rushed. it doesn't look as nice, the
    camera's too close to the overlord, and it's so short. it's fun...
    but after 100%-ing it in under two days... it's the first game
    i've played that i wish was a rental. overlord ii though, i'm
    going for a second playthrough, this time as a destruction overlord.
    it's long, looks nice, and has pretty good replay value. i liked
    it a bit better than the first. though, minions often get stuck
    and despawn... very very often...

7/18/09 - it's been about a month now. my situation's still
    all weird, so i'm dropping down to once a week for updates until
    i'm somewhere more stable. i'm fairly sure i can handle onece
    per week...

6/14/09 - i'm living in two places at once now. i really
    need to get all my stuff to the the place i'm moving to... this
    is just weird.

6/10/09 - i have one more in buffer, but i'm also in the
    middle of packing to move... we'll see what happens. i'm hoping
    to stop having interruptions.

6/7/09 - i finally got the screenshots i needed to continue.
    hooray!

5/31/09 - i just had to format again... the virii embedded
    themselves in the executables for all my emulators. the next
    comic requires a few backgrounds near the end of the game too,
    and not ones i can find online. so, i don't know how long it's
    going to be until the next update... i'm gonna see if i can find
    a save state of not yet having entered tourian, but being able
    to so i can get the rest of what i need. and no, sites like background
    hq don't have these particular backgrounds. best i can find is
    a crappy jpg image... and i'd rather take longer to update than
    post a blurry comic.

5/27/09 - yes, it's possible to reach ridley's lair without
    the gravity suit... look up a no-suit-upgrades run of the game
    on youtube and you'll see how.

5/25/09 - here's an update. what? you thought the comic
    died? it's come back from worse breaks. it took a bit of wrestling
    with photoshop to get started again. turns out it doesn't like
    reinstalling after a fresh format...

5/13/09 - it's been a while... here's a bit of an update.
    first off, i used to have this png image that was a big map of
    zebes made entirely of screenshots. i seem to have misplaced
    this file, which greatly slows down my progress. secondly, i
    had some virus issues and had to reformat my compy. toss in a
    little extra time spent at work because a project was just finishing
    up and the fact that i'm still gonna play video games, it's the
    comic that suffers. i hope to update again soon.

3/1/09 - i've been looking forward to this one for a while...

2/26/09 - the next comic isn't ready because there's something
    i need to finish it with that i can't find... i've wanted to
    do this storyarc for a long while, and i know a lot of readers
    have wanted it too... i'm not gonna put it on hold because i
    can't find what i need. it's next! i just gotta find that missing
    piece... so i apologize in advance for possible comic delay for
    however long it takes me to get what i need.

2/23/09 - my hip is all sore from a bad fall, but i think
    i'm fine. it couldn't be broken or anything because i was able
    to keep going for the rest of the day.

2/20/09 - i got my own snowboarding boots. kinda expensive...
    but i'm tired of getting my feet cut up on rentals.

2/17/09 - rode my first real slope this past weekend. i
    think i have a little trouble toe-side, but i'm fine heel-side
    and even switch. though, if i switch too much, i forget which
    foot i'm supposed to have in front...

2/13/09 - i've added an info section to help people keep
    in mind what's what in the gamecheetz duoverse.

2/9/09 - going snowboarding again next weekend... so to
    even things out, i'll wait an extra day to post the next comic,
    which will stay up until i return.

2/6/09 - i have 6 more comics in buffer but... only 5 more
    storyarcs in my mind for after that. i'll try to think of what
    i can, but if i run out of material, i'm not gonna beat a dead
    horse.

2/3/09 - legos are fun. spent all of sunday building stuff
    with legos with a few friends.

1/31/09 - well, that was certainly a long and depressing
    storyarc... there's a reason i keep most storyarcs kinda short.
    see how repetetive this one got?

1/28/09 - i have 4.8 comics in buffer now, so i think returning
    to twice a week will not be a problem. enjoy!

1/24/09 - i don't have a buffer yet, so i should probably
    not upload this yet, and update weekly until i've built up a
    buffer so i can update regularly. of course, i'm not going to
    follow my own advice on the matter... perhaps i'll just upload
    comics as i finish them instead.

1/21/09 - wow, a full month since last update... the bowling
    alley's redesign is coming along... here's a sample: birdo's

12/21/08 - i might extend the length of sporadicness to
    give the bowling alley a makeover. it needs it...

12/14/08 - happy gamecheetz day! on this night, six years
    ago, i uploaded the first and crappiest comic in the archives!
i was going to give the comic a purple tint to match previous
    years, but it took a lot away from the comic when i did that...
    so i just purpled the borders.

12/02/08 - the holidays are a busy time of year. updates
    will be sporadic from two weeks ago until after the holiday season
    is over in mid-january. after that i will return to a regular
    update schedule.

11/18/08 - gonna try my hand at dming a d&d campaign
    (4th ed). set up a map and a bit of backstory.

11/13/08 - we had a party wipe in d&d. most of the
    party decided to pay to have their characters brought back. i
    did not. the penalty to all d20 rolls plus the price of getting
    brought back... i've no idea why people would pick to keep their
    characters instead of rerolling. so, of course, with 3/5 of the
    party at a penalty to d20 rolls, we nearly wipe again...
to get over the penalty, they have to get through 3 pairs
    of fights and/or skill checks. (so, if you get through 3 of them,
    then sleep, that last fight didn't help you towards getting over
    it.) i think the penalty and it's duration are a bit too much.
    then again, i wouldn't bother bringing a character back anyway...

11/10/08 - i played through marvel: ultimate alliance recently
    on the 360. does microsoft have a lotcheck? 'cause i saw quite
    a few bugs that would not pass nintendo...
most notably, the bug you get if you bring iron man to
    mephisto's realm. iron man will constantly jitter in the sky
    and not attack or be useful in any way if he's comp controlled,
    and if you take control of him, he'll make a beeline flight off
    the nearest cliff.
there were other bugs... like, if an enemy that jumps on
    your back does so, and you use a special ability of any sort,
    the enemy stops hurting you, is not targettable, and can't be
    shaken off. that, however, is not a visual glitch like jittering
    is, so it'd pass nintendo's lotcheck.
for anyone who doesn't know, lotcheck is when a console
    manufacturer looks at your game for certain specific flaws that
    they don't allow. a game must pass lotcheck to be manufactured
    for that system.

11/5/08 - in celebration of a successful election, i'm
    updating a night early with the 400th gamecheetz comic.

11/1/08 - this is early for tuesday, since i'm not gonna
    be around to update until after then. also, the next comic after
    this will be the 400th, so i figured i'd leave you at a nice
    cliffhanger...

10/30/08 - i thought this was gonna be late. it wasn't.
    yay!

10/29/08 - after i finished the comic last night, my arm
    hurt so i laid down... i uploaded the image, but didn't link
    the comics page, archives or index to it before sleeping... so
    i posted it on the forum. as a bonus, here's
    a larger version of the map.

10/23/08 - the worst way to discover pet allergies is to
    adopt a pet. i used to be fine with cats...
i'm going to have to give the kittens away.    
    :'-(     my parents will take good care of them.

10/21/08 - i've adopted a pair of 3 month old kittens.
    my thorough analysis indicates that kittens are exceedingly adorable.
    if the next comic is late, it's their fault, and how can anyone
    be mad at kittens? you'd have to have no heart at all... which
    means you'd die of lack of bloodflow.

10/16/08 - megaman 9 is really hard... but in a very fair
    way. still trying to beat it...

10/14/08 - megaman 9 is awesome. if you haven't already,
    go get it.

10/9/08 - gonna go see freezepop again tomorrow night.
    last time was a few months back.

10/7/08 - i finally got my laser sword, and with it arthur's
    boxers. (arthur from ghosts & goblins.)

10/2/08 - if you get an achievement in dead rising, and
    then the game crashes, you don't unlock the stuff that comes
    with the achievement. that is poor design. i want my laser sword!

9/29/08 - after many hours of playing dead rising, i couldn't
    sleep last night... or, rather, i realized it was 7am, and decided
    to just skip sleeping for the night.

9/26/08 - well, i'm all caught up with updates and have
    a buffer again.

9/25/08 - i skipped a comic. maybe i'll make it up to you.
    maybe not. real-life deadlines are more important to me than
    comic ones.

9/18/08 - i was slightly off. the lhc's first collision
    will be next week, not in october.

9/15/08 - this is the last of the buffer. i've got more
    written... i've just gotta sprite it.

9/11/08 - the large hadron collider was tested today. sounds
    like it's functional. i'm looking forward to when they start
    doing real experiments with it in late october.

9/8/08 - it's amazing how much one part of your body can
    effect another. for example, for a while, i've been waiting for
    orthodics. ordered them at orthoticsdirect.com.
    they took over a month and a half for the whole process, and
    i began to wonder if i'd ever get them... but they've arrived
    and they're great.
feet feeling betterleads to legs feeling better, which
    means spine feeling better, which means my neck doesn't get as
    stiff as it used to be, which means less headaches which, in
    turn, means better ability to concentrate, and, thusly, better
    mental capacity.

9/4/08 - i recently played braid for the 360. it's short...
    but fun. very puzzley platformer.

9/1/08 - on my way somewhere today, i decided to stop at
    a starbucks:
me: venti no-whip mocha frapp, with reciept.
cashier: hot, right?
me: frapp. frappuccino?
cashier: right, sorry... would you like a reciept?
me: yes, please.
<cashier hands me the reciept>
(if you come in before 2pm and get a stamped reciept, a
    coffee after two is 2/5 the price, accoriding to a promotion
    they've been running for the past several months.)
me: can you stamp it?
cashier: oh, right, i thought it was after two...
<i wait for them to make my drink>
barista: whipped cream on the mocha frapp?
me: no thanks.
<barista hands me a tall no-whip mocha frapp>
me: it was a venti.
<barista looks at me like i'm trying to get one over
    on him, but knows he can't say so. he glances at the cashier
    like he's gonna ask her, but she's ringing up another order,
    so he just makes the venti.>
 
for those that don't know all the starbucks words above,
    venti = large, tall = small, barista = coffee making person,
    frappuccino = add ice and put it in a blender, mocha = coffee
    with chocolate.
on the plus side, it was one of the best frappuccinos i've
    had. it had the perfect ratio of coffee to chocolate with no
    giant chunks of ice. though, the longer it's been since i've
    had caffeine, the better i seem to like them.

8/28/08 - me and a group of my co-workers have been going
    to the same starbucks every day for over two years. today they
    asked our names.

8/25/08 - had to work all weekend. i like my job... but
    i like doing other things as well. occasionally, i like updating
    a day early... here ya go.

8/21/08 - i couldn't really have sephiroth invading somewhere
    and not cause a bloody mess, could i?

8/18/08 - i felt like posting this one up a day early.
    also, played through bioshock again. still a great game.

8/14/08 - we didn't playtest this at all is an excellent
    card game.

8/12/08 - i saw a high speed collision the other day. everyone
    survived, luckily. i think one of the drivers got a broken leg,
    but judging by the impact mark on the side of their vehicle,
    a milisecond of difference would've been fatal for them instead.
    (they impacted just in front of the driver's side door.) ambulance
    was there in under 30 seconds from impact, which is amazing response
    time.

8/7/08 - hostile aliens everywhere... where's samus when
    you need her?

8/5/08 - i didn't sleep last night. that's why i'm uploading
    this a few hours early... so i can go to bed early.
i bought a new wireless rock band guitar on saturday. then
    i exchanged it for one that worked on sunday. still a fun game.

7/31/08 - today sucked. i hope tomorrow is better. unfortinately,
    i can't really post about it.

7/29/08 - i finally completed phantom hourglass. it's both
    good and bad. the problems with the game come from the setting
    and controls, but it has excellent level design, which is the
    second most important thing a game can have. (the most important
    is being fun. level design is almost always what best facilitates
    fun, so it's second.)
the problems: first off, you don't even play as link. you
    play as ciela, link's fairy companion for the game. you fly somewhere
    and link follows. to use an item, you fly to the target so link
    knows where to aim. it also takes place on the great sea (one
    of windwaker's two flaws returns here. [the other being that
    windwaker was never actually finished.])
the levels are so well designed though despite being annoyingly
    linear and short... linearity is ocarina of time's permanent
    mark on the series. twas the worst thing to happen to zelda.
    in phantom hourglass though, the dungeons have become just as
    linear as the overworld had become, which almost made me decide
    to not finish this game because i don't like the fact that the
    series was diluted to be more like everything else. it's still
    a series full of great games... they're just not quite as great
    as they would've been.

7/24/08 - somebody told me a new zelda game is in the works.
    i'm sure there's always a new zelda in the works... but saying
    it makes me happy.

7/22/08 - it's way too hot. two air conditioners are not
    able to cool off my apartment given a few hours to run. i feel
    quite sick.

7/17/08 - you ever have a really good or really bad day,
    where it seems that everything goes right or wrong? i've had
    both numerous times each. but at the same time? today's been
    a great yet simultaneously awful day for me. it's weird...

7/15/08 - some construction company has until september
    to raise enough money to buy the building i live in. i just found
    out.
also, new tu/th schedule started last friday.

7/9/08 - i should probably set up an e-mail client so i
    can check my e-mail... it's been over half a year, i think, since
    i've checked it last.

7/7/08 - for those of you who're blind and therefore haven't
    noticed: i've updated the site's look! i reccomend checking out
    the "other" section (more to come there).
also, independance day just passed by here in the us. they
    always have fireworks here in manhattan, over the east river,
    so i decided to walk there in the light drizzle to not see the
    fireworks. it was fun. ten minutes after it ended, i nearly got
    there, turned around, and went back to my apartment.

7/4/08 - the staplegun at work is one of those stapleguns
    designed for people that like to staple their hand. makes a great
    gag gift for people you hate. out of 2 uses, 2 people have stapled
    their hands with it. the first was a guy in home depot, who one
    might expect would be better at not stapling their hand.
this self-torture device is built upside down, so when
    you pull the handle, a staple is launched out the bottom of the
    front of the staplegun, unlike all other stapleguns in existence,
    where the staple exit is on top.
today, i saw it's effects firsthand, and i must say...
    it's quite disturbing to see a staple in someone's finger...
    i know he'll be fine, but that's really gotta hurt! supposedly,
    it didn't hurt as bad as it looked like it did. the guy didn't
    even say "ow". i think that says more about his adrenaline
    response than it does about staples in fingers though.



contact the webmaster at: webmaster@gamecheetz.com


