






calvary hospital | new york hospice, home hospice & palliative care




















































 























+facebooklinkedininstagram718-518-2000contact & locationsvisitor informationdonatesearchsearch!!closeour videosjobs/nursing careersen españolemployee loginabout us  about calvary hospitalmission & historymeet our teamawards & recognition125 year anniversarynews & eventsnewsevents calendarpublicationsannual reportslearn moreeducationreviews & testimonialsour storiescommunity health needs assessment (chna)careers at calvaryjoin our teamnursing careers at calvary hospitalpatients & families  our programsinpatient carecalvary@hometherapeutic recreation and music therapyfamily carenutritionresourcesadmissionsvisitor informationpatient financial informationsocial workadvanced care planningbereavement departmentadult bereavement supportchildren’s bereavement supportcalvary’s camp compass®bereavement resourcesbereavement educationcalvarycare® palliative carepalliative carepalliative care institutepastoral carestories of pastoral carejewish patients and familieshospice carecalvary@homehome carecalvary nursing home hospiceresourcesvisitor informationhospice and palliative care resourcescalvary’s nursing departmentcalvary office of missionhospice  calvary@homecalvary nursing home hospicehome careadmissions  admission processadmissions faqsplan a visitcontact us  locationsbronx campusbrooklyn campusthe dawn greene hospiceozanam hall of queens nursing homephone and emailall locationsvisitorsvisitor informationvisitation policyplan a visitways to give718-518-2000videosjobsen españollogin
     more about dr. brescia   learn more   view event details   honor a loved one with a gift today 
     honor a loved one with a gift today 

 admitting information


 hospice


 family care & support


 about the hospital


dignity and compassion
all of us are proud to be able to make our patients and their families as physically, spiritually and emotionally comfortable as possible.  we appreciate the privilege of caring for those most in need of our care, at a most difficult time of their lives.
more about our staff and services

family care center
it can be difficult to find time for self-healing when you just want to be at your loved one’s bedside. the family care center is available to help. please take a few moments for yourself, stop by for a cup of coffee or join in on one of our many programs.
visit the family care center

connect with calvary

 volunteer
 donate
 refer a patient




calvary is the country’s only fully accredited acute care specialty hospital exclusively providing palliative care for adult patients with advanced cancer and other life-limiting illnesses.
take a virtual tour of the hospital



our stories

 

“ordinary hospitals could not provide the extraordinary love and care for my mom’s alzheimer’s like calvary did.”tony guerrerio 

 


 
 

“my dad served his country, protected his city, and sacrificed for his family. at 96, he deserves nothing but the best: calvary at home.”phyllis robinson 

 


 
 

“calvary gave my family the gift of time — time to laugh, love, and say goodbye. i’m forever grateful.”joe hall 

 


 

speak with a member of our staff
we are available to answer your questions about admissions, cost of care, insurance, services – whatever you may need assistance with.
speak with a member of our staff
 

stand with us… support our mission
there are many ways you can become involved and help support the calvary mission. from volunteering to donations to planned giving to matching gifts, and more.
ways to give

calvary announcements

 

calvary hospital announces appointment of michael j. fosina as its presidentfebruary 11, 2025calvary hospital announces appointment of michael j. fosina as its president the calvary hospital board of directors has announced that michael j. fosina, mph, fache, has been appointed as its president, succeeding ceo jeff menkes. michael had overseen the hospital’s day-to-day operations as its coo since march 2024. a highly experienced new york health leader,…read full article 



spiritual care week 2024 reflectionsoctober 24, 2024calvary’s reflections on spiritual care week 2024: embracing chaplains beyond religious roles spiritual care week 2024, themed “chaplains beyond religious roles,” resonates deeply with calvary mission and values. from october 20 to 26, we join the global community in recognizing and celebrating the crucial role of chaplains and spiritual caregivers who provide holistic, compassionate care…read full article 

 


 
view all calvary news

calvary in the news

 

national hospice and palliative care monthoctober 24, 2024honoring compassion: celebrating national hospice and palliative care month every november, we proudly lend our voice as we celebrate national hospice and palliative care month (nhpcm) to honor the dedicated professionals who provide compassionate care to individuals facing life-limiting illnesses. within our larger medical care system, palliative and hospice care play a vital role in…read full article 

 


 
 

upcoming calvary events

37th annual golf & tennis classic
monday, august 4, 2025 
brae burn and century country club
purchase, ny 10577
click here for event information

past calvary events

125th anniversary gala
was held on wednesday, november 20, 2024
the plaza
new york, ny
click here for event information

36th annual golf & tennis classic
was held on august 5th, 2024
brae burn country club
introducing for 2024: pickleball!
click here for more information

40th annual awards gala
was held on november 30, 2023
the plaza
new york, ny
click for event information




your donation goes directly to help fund our programs and services. donate 
about calvary hospital
about us
mission & history
meet our team
awards & recognition
news & events
news
events calendar
publications
annual reports
learn more
education
reviews & testimonials
our stories
careers at calvary
join our team
nursing careers
patients & families
our programs
inpatient care
calvary@home
therapeutic recreation and music therapy
family care
nutrition
resources
admissions
visitor information
patient financial information
social work
advanced care planning
bereavement department
adult bereavement support
children’s bereavement support
calvary’s camp compass®
bereavement resources
calvarycare®
what is calvarycare®
palliative care
palliative care institute
pastoral care
stories of pastoral care
jewish patients and families
hospice care
calvary@home
home care
calvary nursing home hospice
resources
visitor information
hospice and palliative care resources
calvary’s nursing department
calvary office of mission
admissions
admissions
admission process
admissions faqs
plan a visit
locations
bronx campus
brooklyn campus
the dawn greene hospice
ozanam hall
phone and email
all locations
visitors
visitor information
visitation policy
plan a visit
ways to give
all ways to give
donate now
become a monthly donor
memorial and tribute gifts
the storrs society
bequests and planned gifts
matching gifts
donor advised funds
foundation & corporate giving
creative ways to give
volunteer
connect
 facebook
 linkedin
 instagram
 twitter
© copyright 2024. calvary hospital, a not-for-profit, section 501(c)(3).
privacy policy | non discrimination policy | compliance | site map
questions about the website or about calvary hospital? call 718-518-2000






back to top
menu


 























