
homeplease ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility




office: 520-826-3322






home





facebook





email






















home
 
property search 
search properties
 
featured listings
 
residential
 
land
 
farm & ranch
 
commercial

 
agents staff
 
buyers 
mortgage calculator
 
financing
 
relocation
 
home inspections
 
first time buyers

 
sellers 
staging your home
 
your home value

 
connect





































get to know tanya stiegemeier
designated broker/owner
tanya has been with tombstone real estate since 2005, working as a sales agent, associate broker/branch manager and designated broker/owner. tanya has been a top producer in real estate sales for our area from 2006-2022 . tanya has earned the coveted "accredited buyer representative" designation which provides additional training for agents helping buyers find their perfect land or home.
tanya grew up on a cattle ranch in mccall, id. she graduated high school in mccall and was offered a downhill ski racing scholarship at university of alaska and a volleyball scholarship at boise state university. she chose bsu. after traveling to several countries, she later accepted a position with albertson's corporation. she was employed there for 18 years and for most of her career was a marketing analyst in retail operations.  real estate is the perfect industry for tanya to apply her experience and skills in marketing.
tanya stiegemeier | designated broker, owner520-507-1170 | tanyatombstonere@gmail.com
meet our team





tombstone real estate
property listings in cochise county, arizona and surrounding areas




if you are interested in purchasing or selling land in historical cochise county, tombstone real estate is your choice. visit our office in pearce, arizona. we are a small real estate company which allows us to provide the highest levels of customer service for our clients. within our geographical areas are the historical communities of tombstone and bisbee, az.


the county includes the mountain ranges of the dragoons to the east and the chiricahua mountains to the west. cochise county is home to many ranches, farms, vineyards, pistachio and pecan orchards. cochise county offers quiet, country living in the communities of elfriida and douglas to the south, willcox, and benson to the north. sierra vista and huachuca city are located to the east.





featured listings















get automatic notifications
when a listing hits the market within the parameters you choose...we will send you all properties matching your search criteria. simply start searching for listings and select 'get listing updates'.


set one now





featured searches



       residential 
       land 
       farm & ranch 
       commercial 






what's your home worth?
find out how much your property is worth.
get started


 





contact us
info@tombstonerealestate.comphone: 520-826-3322





visit us
p.o. box 191 | 585 n frontage rdpearce, az 85625





                copyright 2022 ©
                
                    cevado™ 
                
                 | all rights reserved | 
                
                    legal notices
                
                 | 
                


 
						



