












ofo - site






























black-backed woodpeckerphoto: bill bowman





ontario field ornithologists






















about us mission statementwhat we doboard and committeesinclusion and safetyhistory and timelineby-lawsagmcode of conductincident report formbirding ethicsdistinguished ornithologist awardcertificates of appreciationmerchandisemember's loginjoin ofomake a donation to ofocontact usfield trips and webinars upcoming trips and webinarsregistrationfield trip reportsfor trip leaderslearn about birds getting started with birdsgetting started with non-birdstips for birding at homearticle libraryfinding birds recent sightingsontario hotspotsofo discordrare bird ambassadorsrare bird alerts and newsontbirds and birdnews guidelinesontbirds archivebirdnews archivelocal birding clubsyoung birders aboutoptics programcampjoinpublications ofo newsontario birdsontario checklist ontario checklistsouth review listcentral review listlowlands review listrecognizable forms of ontario birdssubspecies review listobrc board and committeesguidelines for reportingreport submission formobrc annual reportsevents event registrationbird of the yearconventionconvention northern editionbirdathonbirdathon - previous reportsgull weekendphotos


 









ofo’s rare bird ambassadors


ofo’s rare bird ambassador plan is about empowering ontario birders with the tools and resources needed so that they can coordinate with property owners to ensure the best outcomes for all parties.
when a rare bird appears on private property or public property where access and/or crowd control may become an issue, careful planning is required to ensure that the owner/host/property manager, birders, photographers and the bird all have a positive experience.
the goal is to promote positive relations between landowners, birders, and photographers, ultimately resulting in happy people and happy birds. birders can still decide if they want to share sightings or not; we just hope that this makes the decision easier and spreads out the workload related to managing rare bird observations.
find out more about this exciting program at: finding birds / rare bird ambassadors
what to do if you have found a rare bird? instructions for landowners and birders
want to be a rare bird ambassador? you don’t have to belong to ofo.
find out more about being a rare bird ambassador
register to be a rare bird ambassador
photo credit: marsh sandpiper by matt parsons


ofo merchandise
bird of the year logo and more
this year’s ofo bird logo by jenny boulger along with the classic pileated woodpecker and the birding buddies red-breasted nuthatch is available on a variety of merch at ofo redbubble store.
statement on safety
ofo is committed to fostering a safe and welcoming organization that is free of discrimination and harassment. ofo’s 2023 statement on safety in the ontario birding community can be found on the edi webpage. 
ofo birding buddies

we are excited to introduce ofo birding buddies! do you ever travel to parts of the province that you are not familiar with and wish that you could talk to local birders to get their advice on how to bird the area? or even better, find someone local to go birding with? ofo birding buddies will provide you with contact info for ofo members across ontario who are willing to provide you with that advice or take you out birding. when you join or renew your ofo membership this year, you’ll have the option being a part of ofo birding buddies by providing your general location, contact info, and a short description of the assistance you’re able to provide for other ofo members that are visiting your area.
login here to find your ofo birding buddies, update your profile, donate, and register for field trips.
cheat sheets for birding i.d.
after taking a 101 birding course in 2019 with anthony kaduck, newbie bird nerd jenny newton initially had difficulty identifying small birds because she just didn’t know the differences between sparrows, warblers and others.
so she decided to create a perch bird cheat sheet for ontario birds sorted by colour and size. it worked for her!! today, there are 17 cheat sheets of ontario birds (e.g. ducks, owls) all with photos sourced from macaulay library available for both learning and as a refresher.
just follow this link to download them.
enabled birding
help make birding for everybody!
ontario field ornithologists and birds canada, with the help of toronto ornithological club, and have teamed up to create an interactive map featuring the accessibility details of nine great ontario birding sites.
click here for more detail and the latest update. 


 


upcoming trips and webinars
february 17, 2025: niagara pride walk for birds on the niagara.
february 22, 2025: haldimand and norfolk counties
february 23, 2025: amherst island
march 5, 2025: online meeting: spring birding festivals in ontario
march 8, 2025: long point area: norfolk county
april 5, 2025: spring waterfowl east of ottawa
april 5, 2025: port rowan and long point area: norfolk county
recent photos
there are new photos of northern shrike, snowy owl, eastern screech-owl, barred owl and northern saw-whet owl in the current gallery.
there are new photos of snowy owl, northern shrike, pileated woodpecker, northern saw-whet owl and gray-crowned rosy-finch in the checklist gallery.
recent trips
there are recent trips reports for winter birds of the detroit river, peterborough area and colonel sam smith park on the current trip reports page.
 

ofo is generously sponsored by













ontario field ornithologists © 1984. all photographs on the site © the photographer.







homejoin ussightingsfield tripsbirdathonappreciationclubscontact usmember's login top
 








