







performing arts summer camp at french woods festival













































                        french woods festival of the performing arts








 learn about french woodscamp videosdates and ratesprogramactivitiesclassical and jazz musicfine arts and craftsvideo and filmmusical theater and dramatech theaterradio and music productiondancecircussportstennischallenge course and ziplinemagichorsebackrock and rolldjskateparkfitnesscookingthe lake and poolmodel hobiesphilosophyvirtual tour videosfoodyounger camperscamp maptestimonialsrequest informationarrange a tourspecial eventsinternational camperszoom info sessions

                        
                        get ready for campdates and ratessign upcampintouch loginforms and documentsnearby accommodationspacking listlocation / directionsarrange a tourtransportationvisiting dayscellular,  wi-fi, and electronics policylinksmail and shippingthe performer newsletter
                        
                        staffprospective staffonline staff applicationimportant staff bio's
                        
                        alumnilogin
                        
                        photo galleries


                    sign up










virtual tour click for zoom info sessions










the individual choice performing arts summer campclick for zoom info sessions the individual choice performing arts summer campthe individual choice performing arts summer campclick for zoom info sessions the individual choice performing arts summer campclick for zoom info sessions the individual choice performing arts summer campclick for zoom info sessions the individual choice performing arts summer campclick for zoom info sessions the individual choice performing arts summer campclick for zoom info sessions the individual choice performing arts summer campclick for zoom info sessions previousnext






                    performing arts camp at french woods


                        watch our promotional video, or see more video on our videos page














                    join one of our zoom sessions

picking the right sleep-away camp for your child is important.  get to know us better by meeting our owners and some of our integral staff, watching an interactive presentation and asking questions!upcoming information sessions:sunday, february 16th at 12 noon etsunday, february 23rd at 12 noon etwednesday, february 26th at 7pm etsunday, february 2nd march at 12 noon etwednesday, march 5th at 7pm et 

email us for a zoom link









                    individual choice
in the activities you want









campers are able to focus on one particular area, or choose to select a variety of activities. we celebrate diversity and provide a safe environment for children to try new things. 



french woods is a co-ed sleepaway performing arts summer camp for children aged 7 to 17. campers come from every state and over 40 countries. internationally recognized as a premiere program in the performing arts, we feature options in music, art, theater, dance, circus, magic and horseback. in addition to our core activities, all the programs of a traditional summer camp and more are included in our offerings. younger campers have additional guidance and supervision, while older campers can participate in community service and legacy projects in addition to college prep courses. we are located on over 1000 acres of hills, fields and woods bordering a private lake in the town of hancock, new york  in the catskill mountains.
















                            music
music is in our dna. the music department supports campers at all points of entry and abilities. there is instruction from theory and composition to electronic music, from private lessons with every instrument in the orchestra plus piano and voice, our programs, classes and performance opportunities create an unrivaled environment.  special event’s in music, teaching guest artists and performances complete our program. (more)










theater
theater is at the heart of our performing arts program. performance opportunities abound in our five theaters where we produce more than 80  full-scale productions every summer . you can be in shows, work in tech, costuming, sound or lighting, play in a pit orchestra, take classes and workshops or do some of each. (more)










art

                            explore  your passion and create a masterpiece. french woods encourages you to develop your skills by exploring new media or old favorites, including drawing and painting, woodworking, ceramics, screen printing, fiber arts, leathercraft, ceramics, 3 different kinds of jewelry, graphic and game design, studio art and others.(more) 
                        










dance
french woods welcomes dancers at any level, from the novice to the advanced.  you’ll auditions for class placement by skill and age level in whatever style of dance you choose. we offer classes in ballet, tap, jazz, hip-hop, and modern, work on technique and choreography in our five air conditioned studios. plus, dancers can perform in our musical theater and circus programs.(more)
















                            circus
dazzle, entertain and amaze your friends. all the skills, pageantry and artistry of the circus can be found at french woods. we are the largest and most comprehensive children’s circus training program in the world. whether you’re on the flying trapeze, silks, lyra, web, cloud swing or any of the other acts, french woods showcases its performing artists. catch the action in our main circus show, our jr. circus show, and  the spectacle our late night fire fly show. (more)










                            magic
abracadabra! make your wildest dreams materialize before your very own eyes. discover the secret and cut someone in half and then put them back together. practice close up magic, slight of hand, stage illusions and card magic;  build confidence and presentation skills as you amaze your friends, and family. (more)










                            waterfront
it doesn't matter if you wish to get red cross certification or just get wet; both the lake and the pool are there for your use. the lake, which is not only private, but over 80 acres allows you to learn to water-ski, swim, sail, canoe or wind surf. come play on our floating trampoline or slide or take a ride on the banana boat. (more)










                            sports
whether playing on the fields, in our fully enclosed 30,000 square foot multi-purpose field house or just cheering from the sidelines, french woods brings out the sporting spirit in everyone. good sportsmanship, teamwork and fair play form the fundamental core of our sports programs. world class coaching provides instruction in our lifetime sports and comprehensive fitness programs. (more)
















                            horseback
 put on your helmet, saddle up and ride! we offer instruction in english and western styles of riding. highly qualified equestrian instructors teach lead line work for beginners and progress to trail riding, jumping and dressage. we have our own stables with 32 horses, indoor and outdoor arenas and miles of wooded riding trails.. (more)










                            rock and roll
the french woods rock shop offers lessons in acoustic and electric guitar, bass, drums, keyboards and other rock-and-roll instruments, as well as song-writing. you can form bands, write your own songs and even record them in our state of the art recording studio. (more)










                            skatepark

                            our skate board camp includes a beginner area dedicated to novice riders who are looking for one on one, or group style instruction, as well as challenging courses for enthusiasts and skilled skateboarders. (more) 
                        










                            tennis
learn the basics or perfect your skills with our group or private lessons.  facilities include 15 all weather and 1 indoor court. our dynamic and accomplished professional instructors will guide you through a progressive tennis curriculum from beginner to advanced. so, grab your racquet and head to the courts. it’s your serve!(more)
















radio and music production
take control of the microphone! you’ll never forget sitting down at our radio station, surrounded by state-of-the-art media equipment. whether you are announcing or working behind the scenes, french woods radio is carried over the internet so your audience includes friends and family. live interviews, camp bulletins and recorded songs all make the cut. explore recording and creating audio components for media using our consoles and control surfaces just like the pros. you’re on the air in five! (more)










challenge course and zip line
 the french woods challenge course includes a 500 foot dual zipline, a 3-sided climbing wall for beginner, intermediate and advanced levels, sky bridges, all with a great view of camp... (more)










                            model hobbies

                            step into the world of our miniature railroad  and fast paced multilane slot car track. or build and launch a model rocket. our world of make believe will satisfy your desire for a quick escape from the traditional “track” of activities. watch your step… excitement  and fun just ahead.(more) 
                        










                            dj
learn about beats and how to mix music on a computer and dj deck, and how to run dj lighting to make the dance floor exciting. then run the show at one of our nightly dances and see if you can get everyone dancing.(more)
















                            cooking
cooking is one of the most popular activities at french woods. planning and preparing thematic culinary feasts and cooking international regional cuisines as well as making luscious desserts are a key part of the program.(more)










                            fitness
from designing a customized workout regimen to supporting fitness motivation, our “motivation center” is always in the zone. classes are geared to interest and flow through a series of movements and devices to increase flexibility, balance and strength. from cycling to yoga, from zumba to kickbox, the “mo” rivals most professional fitness centers. maximize your results and crush the cardio. it’s time to make your body work.(more)










                            tech theater
our theater program is supported by a very rich technical theater department. campers are involved in every aspect of stagecraft, from costuming and make-up, to lighting, sound, props and set design and construction.(more)










                            video and film
campers can take part in our short film program, where campers, write, direct, produce and edit short films which are played in our film festival every session.(more)








thinking about camp?

            here are some steps to take....





1


take a tour

                                    come see camp during the summer, meet other kids, and see the staff in action.schedule a tour






2


talk to a director
call (607) 637-8400






3


try a week

                                        we offer a week long session in august for first timers and younger campers














                    would you like to know more?

                    call or email us to talk to a camp director... (607) 637-8400 / admin@frenchwoods.com

sign up
request information schedule a tour









address

199 bouchoux brook rd
                    hancock, ny 13783
contacts

email: admin@frenchwoods.comphone: (607) 637-8400fax: (845) 827 0302


winter office
po box 770100coral springs, fl 33077














                        © copyright 2020 french woods festival - all rights reserved.





























            countdown to session 1, 2025









































