
















better budgeting































































































pages



home


view topics


budgeting class


free newsletter


search site








































































our next budgeting class will begin january 10th, 2022. register here...













welcome to better budgeting







manage your personal finances
manage your money better with our helpful budgeting articles, finance calculators, and free budget worksheets. register for the better budgeting class, our 5-week ecourse, class certificates available.




learn the frugal art of living on less
whether you're new to frugal living or an old pro at living on less, we've got something for everyone. including homemade gifts for the holidays and recycling ordinary household items. budgeting and saving money is what we do best!




get out of debt and improve your credit score
the best way to improve your credit is to pay your bills and reduce your debt. learn how with our informative articles and free ebook "dealing with debt" (free with membership).



inspiration for living
read our inspirational articles and our favorite famous quotes for living life to the fullest. everyone needs a word of encouragement now and then. the storms may come but the skies will clear, and rainbows are just too beautiful to miss!






editor's book pick of the month
choose from a large selection of money-saving and inspirational book picks from the editor. topics include economics, personal finances, debt, jobs, business, frugal living, and more.




earn extra money and enter our contests
all members are eligible to earn money by writing for us and/or entering our contests (monthly and annual).




cut your food bill in half
save money on groceries with our printable coupons, frugal recipes (and family cookbook), and hundreds of grocery saving tips. whether you use coupons or not, you can still save tons of money on groceries each month using our tips.






what's on sale this month
before you make that next purchase check out our monthly sale calendars to find the best time to buy!

























email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)




can't find the page you're looking for?search our site here...free membership and ebook bonus gifts:sign up today and receive 2 ebooks (dealing with debt and 101 coupon tips) with your free membership. the ebook gifts will be included in your welcome letter! :o)




"it's not about being able to spend more money. it's about enjoying and managing what you already have... better!"- michelle jones, founder of betterbudgeting



celebrating 18 years of serving the online community









living a better life® is a registered trademark and better budgeting a trademark of betterbudgeting.org, and it's parent company, blue ridge publishing, inc., po box 795, powder springs, ga 30127.about us | disclaimer | updated privacy policy| writer guidelinesmanage subscription  | reader feedback | contact editorfollow us:instagram | facebook | twitter | pinterest | linkedin
















get our free money saving tips newsletter "living a better life®" plus 2 free ebooks!



dedicated to helping families save money and live a better life!





michelle jones, founder, publishing editor, money saving and family budgeting expert, and frugal mom of 4











quick links:

view all budgeting, frugal living, and money-saving topics15 ways to create cashannual sale calendar (what's on sale this month)birthday freebiesbudgeting calculatorsbudgeting worksheetsdealing with debteditor's book of the monthfrugal recipes and cookbookgift ideas under $10grocery and coupon savingsmilitary family coupon programfree gift cardstop 10 budget busters------------------------------------subscribe to our free monthly newsletter7 easy ways to support us































copyright © 2001-2021 by blue ridge publishing, inc. all rights reserved. powered by blogger.
























