









fast god stuff - christian podcast









































































































podcast
shop
answers
devotionals
videos
about










 (0)









podcast
shop
answers
devotionals
videos
about


















the fast god stuff four-song ep!
 silly songs to save your soul
our four-song ep, "silly songs to save your soul," is probably the greatest music ever created. you totally could play our songs while you sleep and grow closer to christ.
listen 





latest episode
 is christianity anti-science?
christians are often accused of being anti-science - especially regarding evolution and the age of the earth. but how valid are these accusations? in this episode, conrad and jesse become 1970's detectives to find out.
listen 





previous episode
 top myths about christianity
what do conrad and jesse have in common with voldemort? more than you might suspect. find out in this episode as we tackle two myths that are prevalent about christianity that concern goodness.
listen  





recent episode
 what does it mean to be a christian?
what does it mean to be a christian? is it about behavior? is it about beliefs? in this episode, we somehow explain all this with a musical number called “salsa: the musical”.
listen  













a christian podcast that makes theology simple, practical and fun so that we can love god and others more



podcast episodes


silly songs to save your soulour four-song ep, “silly songs to save your soul,” is probably the greatest music ever created. you totally could play our songs while you sleep and grow closer to christ.
read moreis christianity anti-science?christians are often accused of being anti-science – especially regarding evolution and the age of the earth. but how valid are these accusations? in this episode, conrad and jesse become 1970’s detectives to find out.
read moretop myths about christianitywhat do conrad and jesse have in common with voldemort? more than you might suspect. find out in this episode as we tackle two myths that are prevalent about christianity that concern goodness.
read morewhy does atheism fail?can meaning be found without god? can you prove god’s existence with a taco? can conrad and jesse pass for southern gentlemen? find out in this episode, where we study existence itself while somehow referencing tacos.
read morewhat does it mean to be a christian?what does it mean to be a christian? is it about behavior? is it about beliefs? in this episode, we somehow explain all this with a musical number called “salsa: the musical”.
read morewhat’s the deal with my self-esteem?where does my self-worth come from? how can i raise my self-esteem? should i use the self-checkout lane? this episode is all about self.
read more30 – what is heaven like?is heaven an endless church service in the clouds? is there golf? more importantly, are there tacos? in this episode, we correct some of the common mistakes we make about heaven. we also sing a heavenly song … about heaven.
read more29 – where is god during coronavirus?fear. anxiety. panic. as the coronavirus engulfs the world and changes everything, is it possible to find real hope? in this episode, we explain why hope is not wishful thinking and answer the question: where is god during coronavirus?
read more28 – stuff we get wrong about romancelet’s get … romantic?! turn off your romcoms and turn down your sappy love longs because christians get a lot wrong about romance. in this podcast episode, we unravel some of the biggest mistakes when it comes to christian romance.
read more027 – how to answer ‘does god exist?’ [2]does god exist? explaining the existence of god is not as hard as you might think. in this episode, we unpack one of the most common proofs for god’s existence: the argument from design.
read more026 – how does the world end?fact: the world is going to end. so in this episode we talk about what will happen when the world ends and we also receive an unexpected visit from the historical oracle.
read more025 – worst christian clichessometimes christians use cliches and sometimes those cliches are pretty bad. here are some of the worst cliches christians use and reasons to avoid them. also, the mega-hit song “oh, is that what the bible is for?” which explains … what the bible is for.
read more




more episodes…



social media






episodes
silly songs to save your soulis christianity anti-science?top myths about christianitywhy does atheism fail?what does it mean to be a christian?what’s the deal with my self-esteem?30 – what is heaven like?29 – where is god during coronavirus?28 – stuff we get wrong about romance027 – how to answer ‘does god exist?’ [2]026 – how does the world end?025 – worst christian cliches024 – let’s freak out over politics023 – verses we mess up [2]022 – what’s the deal with satan?021 – what is the meaning of life?020 – does evil disprove god?019 – weird stories in the bible (2)018 – verses we mess up017 – what do we get wrong about faith?016 – how to make marriage awesome015 – what’s the deal with marriage?014 – mistakes christians make on social media (2)013 – mistakes christians make on social media012 – is the force anything like god?011 – good and bad ways to share christ010 – hardest commands in the bible to follow009 – why do i suffer?008 – annoying things christians do007 – how to answer ‘does god exist?’006 – just how bad is a joel osteen sermon?005 – weird stories in the bible004 – what’s the deal with the prosperity gospel?003 – movies with christian themes002 – what is my ministry?001 – top mistakes christians make













						copyright 1999-2020 fast god stuff. decapolis.					




 









 







































