
























ucla undergraduate admission







        skip to navigation
      

        skip to main content
      

        skip to footer
      










language switcher



        español
        









undergraduate admission


desktop header navigation


applicant login


request information












main navigation


apply


first-years


transfers


personal insight questions


majors


minors


transferring credits




explore


academics


campus life


belonging


clubs & organizations


housing & dining


los angeles & westwood


internships & experiential learning


study abroad


research


student outcomes




visit


campus tours


events


maps & parking




tuition & aid


tuition & fees


financial aid & scholarships


net price calculator




admitted students


first-year new student checklist


transfer new student checklist




contact




search


search






























 

 

 

 

 

 





want to make the world better? let’s go.




you’re idealistic, driven and creative. you love learning and hearing different points of view. you feel empathy for others and believe everyone deserves a fair shot. you see obstacles as a chance to grow. you are a changemaker, just like us. together? we’re unstoppable.

explore ucla





how our new students see the world




90%






want climate change to be a federal priority







97%






are likely to participate in volunteer or community service work 







91%






feel ucla is a welcoming campus








testimonials
 

 


i went from being just another student who cared, to one who had a simple and powerful way to help end hunger.

— 
            rachel sumekh 


read about the non-profit rachel started as a student
                
external link
















 



academics
discover answers to questions that matter
we know we must dig for the truth. work tirelessly to overcome obstacles. and keep trying until we create change. like giving hope to the homeless. shedding light on the climate crisis. and inspiring inclusiveness through art. and knowledge is where it all begins.

explore academics









 



belonging
find community, support and collaboration
you relish exploring new perspectives. making meaningful connections. engaging with others who are eager to learn and grow. and discovering resources that will uplift and support you on your unique journey.

learn about belonging








testimonials
 

 


choosing ucla meant that i didn’t have to make any compromises. it has awesome academics, vibrant student life, amazing professional and personal resources, and a beautiful campus — everything i could hope to have as part of my college experience.

— 
            connor ching, statistics major, digital humanities and entrepreneurship minors









get a feel for campus


 
 

this aerial shot of ucla captures everything from the hill, where students live, to sports facilities to the standout architecture and landscaping found throughout campus.


 
 

royce hall was one of ucla’s four original buildings. today, its 1,800-seat concert hall auditorium serves as the university’s main performing arts facility.


 
 

janss steps, first known as “the 87” after the number of steps leading up to dickson plaza, served as the original entrance to the university.


 
 

the main undergraduate library on campus, powell library offers students a wealth of services, spaces, collections and programs that promote student learning.


 
 

students move along janss steps and enjoy the sun on wilson plaza where, in 1965, martin luther king, jr., spoke to a crowd of 5,000 students and faculty.


 
 

the iconic bronze statue known as the bruin stands in the heart of campus across from john wooden center, one of ucla’s 16 recreational and athletic facilities.


 
 

pauley pavilion is ucla’s renowned venue for sporting events, concerts, debates and other popular events, including rock and pop concerts by legendary performers.


 
 

the court of sciences is home to the "bombshelter", an informal counter-serve café with outdoor seating that’s great for studying or meeting up with classmates.


 
 

the evelyn and mo ostin music center includes a high-tech recording studio, a digital music production center and spaces for rehearsal and teaching.


 
 

students head to and from north campus by passing under bunche hall, named after ralph j. bunche ’27, the first african-american to win the nobel peace prize.


 
 

kerckhoff hall, which served as ucla’s first student union building in 1931, is home to kerckhoff coffee house, student government and the daily bruin.


 
 

saxon suites on the hill offers students furnished two-bedroom suites along with a shared barbecue area. meal service and recreation facilities are nearby.






important information

 

apply



 

tuition & aid



 

campus tours



 

admission events

















        
    learn more about ucla

      
hear more about events in your area, application deadlines and more.

request information










          1147 murphy hall, box 951436
          los angeles, ca 90095-1436        





icon/social/facebook-white









icon/social/twitter-white









icon/social/instagram-white










footer menu


column one


maps & parking


campus tours


admission events


virtual tour




column two


publications


contact us














mobile social media


facebook


instagram


linkedin


twitter


youtube


tiktok


threads






        ©2025 regents of the university of california
      


emergency
security & fire safety
accessibility
privacy & terms of use





desktop social media


facebook


instagram


linkedin


twitter


youtube


tiktok


threads



























