










home - greater mcallen association of realtors®






























































 


















skip to content




























 
about about gmar board of directors committee chairs committee sign-up contact us faqs meet the staff trlp tr 360membership resources applications committee sign-up event calendar online realtor® store nar member benefits tx realtors® benefits legal hotline for realtors® useful links member login support ypn of gmarmls apps mls-touch propstream rpr® supra about our mls brokerage outreach mls housing stats mls service area realtor.com agent resources supporteducation class calendar code of ethics designations buy gmar university gmar university 2025 – basic gmar university gri premium 2025 gmar university tacs premium 2025 gmar university gri deluxe 2025 gmar university tacs deluxe 2025 class search at texas realtors® get your license online online education for first-time renewals online education renewal center how to get your license tacs scholarshipinfo & news monthly housing stats informe de vivienda gmar news event videos find a realtor® or affiliate consumer resources how to choose your realtor consumer complaints with tar consumer complaints with trec arbitration (tar) covid-19 updates nar updates nar right tools, right now texas realtors® news texas realtors® unemployment faqs member video recaps texas realtors® resources mcallen property search









property search













property search










 

























welcome to
greater mcallen association of realtors®







members login here!








apply today!



























upcoming events 
 






























 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 




















your voice for real estate in the rio grande valley.





















since 1949: the oldest and largest realtor® association in the rgv 
 












the greater mcallen association of realtors® is committed to the higher standards proclaimed in the national association of realtors® code of ethics. our members feel the commitment made by joining the realtor® association sets a standard for all involved in the greater mcallen real estate industry as well as rio grande valley real estate. as members of the community, we dedicate ourselves to improving the way of life for all citizens. we take our commitment seriously. members of the realtor® association, licensees and affiliates alike, believe there is a better way to do business, a way that benefits our clients, customers, and fellow licensees. we feel that investing in real estate is an investment in america. our association supports and helps to protect a basic constitutional right: the right to own property. in this site you will be able to find a list of our mcallen realtors®, a list of realtor® offices, and the most current up-to-date listings of the greater mcallen association of realtors®. all listings are real-time. each listing should be independently verified.
whether you are searching for homes for sale in mcallen, homes in the rio grande valley, commercial properties in mcallen, land for sale, or rental properties, we appreciate your time visiting our website.















 












© 2025 greater mcallen association of realtors®
 | 
site by growthzone












greater mcallen association of realtors®













956-682-4119 














1324 e. nolana ave | mcallen, tx  78504 














monday - friday | 8:30am - 5:30pm 
















































equal housing opportunity – disclaimer: all information on this site is subject to change and should be independently verified.

















 © 

 greater mcallen association of realtors®.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top





















