

nexstar resource site - celestron nexstar telescopes























 



site map




















home |
        nexstar user's guide |
        nexstar observer list | downloads |
        pc/mac/tablet/smartphone control
odds and ends |
        firmware versions |
        equip reviews | alignment guides  
        | manuals | 
        links


















welcome to the nexstar resource
        site -
        the internet resource for all models
        of nexstar, cpc, evolution, astro fi, skyprodigy, lcm, 
		cge, cge pro, cgem and as-gt telescopes!

if you are viewing this on a phone, try turning the phone 
		sideways for easier reading.

help keep this website on the internet -
		consider purchasing a copy of:

the 
		nexstar user's guide ii
for the lcm, slt, se, cpc, skyprodigy and astro fi with complete coverage of starsense and skyportal
the nexstar user's guide was the first all-nexstar book in print. the second edition is fully updated to include detailed information for the lcm, slt, se, cpc, skyprodigy and astro fi models. it also covers the starsense system and the skyportal app in detail. visit the nexstar user's guide section of the website to view the contents, excerpts from the book, updated information and links to the resources discussed in the book.
thinking of introducing someone (or yourself) to amateur 
		astronomy?  a nexstar se or slt scope and 
			the nexstar user's guide ii are the perfect solution.  you 
		get a great beginner's scope and a book that will help you learn both 
		the scope and amateur astronomy.


nexstar 
		observer list (nsol)is a free pc control program for all models of  nexstar, 
		evolution, skyprodigy, cpc, lcm, cge, cge pro, cgem, cgx/cgx-l, avx, as-gt and ultima 2000 scopes, as well as tasco starguide scopes.  click here to read more and 
		download the latest version.

         
this site is devoted to the computerized "goto" telescopes from celestron. most of the models feature a computer hand control as standard equipment allowing the scope 
        to automatically goto objects in its generous database. they track objects automatically as well.  basic information about these scopes is available at the 
celestron web site, 
		but this site is a collection of information not found anywhere else.
clear skies!
        mike swanson
swanson.michael@usa.net
 
click jupiter to see 
        my modest attempts at astrophotography:


 

help keep this website on the internet -
		consider purchasing a copy of:





we host:

















what's new?


odds and ends updated 
				17 mar 2023 - added an article from robert googe on replacing 
				the lcd panel in the nexstar hand control


pc control updated on 17 mar 2023 - 
				added an article from michael wheeler on full remote control of 
				nexstar scopes

nexstar user's guide 
				ii updated 1 feb 2022 - celestron has introduced a dew 
				heater system

equipment reviews updated on 
				4 sep 2021 - 
				added a review of the lenovo tab p11 android tablet

equipment reviews updated on 
				8 jun 2021 - 
				added a review of the npae theia90 2-inch star diagonal

pc control updated on 23 mar 2021 - 
				added info about astro-gadget's auxfi wireless 
				adapter

nexstar user's guide 
				ii and links updated 
				22 feb 2021 - yahoo groups have closed down; i have archived 
				files from key groups

odds and ends updated 
				26 jun 2020 - added an article about cleaning the roller 
				bearings on 
				nexstar 8/9.25/11 telescopes


pc control updated on 
				26 jun 2020 - 
				added firecapture (imaging/guiding software) to programs 
				compatible with nexstar

pc control updated on 
				29 may 2020 - 
				added skytrack (satellite tracking software) to programs 
				compatible with nexstar

pc control updated on 11 apr 2020 - 
				added info about astro-gadget's starbt and starfi wireless 
				adapters as well as their all-in-one usb serial adapter cable

nexstar user's guide 
				ii updated 
				24 mar 2020 - starizona has introduced a hand control bracket 
				for the nexstar se series

odds and ends updated 
				21 feb 2020 - added an article about updating the electronics on 
				nexstar 8/9.25/11 telescopes


links updated 17 dec 2019 - 
				added links to file archives of several of the older yahoo 
				groups

nexstar user's guide 
				ii updated 
				3 dec 2019 - added article updating information about widest 
				true field of view possible with sct and edgehd optical tubes 
				used with reducers




this site has been 
        visited more than 3 million times since its introduction in november 2000

site map



















 












copyright
      michael swanson


           

 


contact the webmaster:
swanson.michael@usa.net















