



best paternity tests, dna paternity testing, paternity test kit |homedna | dnatesting.com



















































































 










 

results login
test setup
get the kit
how it works
reviews
help center and faqs
read our blog




 






how it works
reviews
dna lab
help center & faqs



test setup


result login



















america’s #1 home paternity test brand.

homedna paternity is part of a suite of high-quality genetic tests. with decades of experience and over 20,000 retailers carrying our kit nationwide, it’s easy to see why homedna is america’s #1 paternity test brand. get the kit, and see for yourself why so many people choose homedna paternity for dna paternity testing.
get the paternity test kit »
get the kit »













find the nearest store »






get the paternity test kit at cvs, rite aid, walgreens or walmart.com.





collect dna with simple cheek swabs.
new york paternity tests





get results online in 2 business days.




need help?    call 1-888-404-4363 monday-friday 9am-5:30pm e.t. send us a message. more ways to contact us.






the homedna test experience.
homedna takes great care for each and every customer, but don’t just take our word for it.  see reviews from real customers.








get court-admissible results.
we use the same accurate process whether you are undergoing dna testing for peace of mind or need your results for legal reasons. the only difference between the two is a legal test requires that samples are verified and collected by a third party.
child support & custody












why choose homedna for dna testing?
learn more about america’s #1 dna testing brand.











we’re here to help.
feel free to call our friendly customer service representatives or explore the website for more information.
frequently asked dna testing questions







find answers to paternity questions.
get the paternity test kit


 

homedna paternity
            	1 ddc way
				fairfield, oh 45014
1.888.404.4363




privacy policy
terms and conditions
help center and faqs
locations
contact us
read our blog



nationally and internationally accredited.
ddc, parent company of homedna, is one of the most highly-accredited and recommended dna paternity-test labs in the world. see our dna testing laboratory accreditations.
© 2025 dna diagnostics center



 








