








	pacific ocean division, u.s. army corps of engineers



















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
pacific ocean division website










®








           about
        



           leadership
        
 

           offices and units
        
 

           history
        
 

           faq
        
 



           business with us
        



           missions
        



           regulatory
        



           appeals
        
 





           locations
        



           usace locations
        
 



           careers
        



           media
        



           news
        
 

           news releases
        
 

           images
        
 

           announcements
        



           pod change of command
        
 

           sister rivers partnership exchange
        
 





           library
        



           coronavirus
        
 



           contact
        



           usace office locator
        
 

           rss
        
 















































command strategic review
all of the pacific ocean division's districts were in attendance at the command strategic review.













command strategic review
it's a packed house at the command strategic review.













bg goetz visits poh
mr. pierce, acting director of programs u.s. army corps of engineers, pacific ocean division, mr. sanchez, director of regional business usace pod, army lt. col. adrian biggerstaff, commander, usace honolulu district, army brig. gen. joseph c. “clete” goetz, commanding general usace pod, ms. jennifer moore, deputy district engineer for programs and project management usace honolulu district, and mr. mike salyer, chief of civil works, usace honolulu district stand on the sea wall by the waikiki beach coastal storm risk management project managed by the usace, honolulu district.













bg goetz visits poh
mr. mark wagatsuma, contracting officer’s representative, u.s. army corps of engineers honolulu district, is all smiles after being coined by army brig. gen. joseph c. “clete” goetz, commanding general, usace, pacific ocean division for outstanding performance as the cor on the repair of buildings 2075 and 2076 on schofield barracks, hawaii. wagatsuma’s leadership and attention to detail achieved a high-quality product, with minimal cost-growth and zero-time-growth on the project.













bg goetz visits poh
u.s. army corps of engineers honolulu district team in charge of the schofield barracks child development center project on schofield barracks, hawaii proudly show off their high safety standards resulting in zero mishaps on the project.













bg goetz visits poh
mike salyer, chief of civil works and mr. khoa truong, project manager u.s. army corps of engineers honolulu district showcase the plans for the hawaii water management project managed by the district in kunia, hawaii to army lt. col. adrian biggerstaff, commander, usace honolulu district and mr. sanchez, director of regional business usace pacific ocean division.













bg goetz visits poh
u.s. army corps of engineers honolulu district team in charge of the renovation barracks important to the quality of life and retention of soldiers stand with army brig. gen. joseph c. “clete” goetz, commanding general, u.s. army corps of engineers, pacific ocean division.













attendees pose for a photo on the steps of the new kindergarten
attendees pose for a photo on the front steps of the new school after the ceremony. special design considerations include heated floors, triple-pane windows, extensive natural lighting, backup solar power and an elevated ground floor to prevent the thawing of permafrost below the building. (courtesy photo)













usace maui wildfires mission
"x" marks the spot: showing the cg where the corps ha been making a difference with clearing debris both residential and commericial.













maui wildfires kilohana temporary housing mission.
col swenson, rfo commander receives input from a long-time resident of lahaina.













pacific ocean division's change of command june 13, 2024
pacific ocean division's change of command june 13, 2024













usace celebrates start of kenai coastal erosion project
on june 10, 2024, the u.s. army corps of engineers – alaska district participated in a ceremony to recognize the start of construction for the kenai river bluffs erosion project.
col. jeffrey palazzini, district commander, gathered alongside several stakeholders and political officials at the kenai senior citizens center and delivered remarks about the project’s significance. in attendance was sen. lisa murkowski and representatives from the office of sen. dan sullivan; brian gabriel, mayor of the city of kenai; and peter micciche, mayor of the kenai peninsula borough


















most requested







cold regions research and engineering laboratory







regional design center







regional technical center







regional visitor center







regulatory







small business office














stay connected to pod












facebook


x







tweets by usacehq  













news 






12th mekong sister rivers partnership exchange builds regional resilience and cooperation 

                12/6/2024 
            

                fort shafter, hawaii — the u.s. state department and the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) pacific ocean division (pod) will host the 12th mekong sister rivers partnership exchange in tennessee and...
            





honolulu district wins two awards at 2024 usace national award ceremony

                11/13/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers, honolulu district received national recognition in two different categories this year awarded during 2024 usace national award ceremony: usace project delivery team...
            





usace completes handover of newly constructed kindergarten building in mongolia

                9/16/2024 
            

                while alaska and mongolia are separated by an ocean, the two regions share some key characteristics. frigid climates, rugged mountains and austere regions can make for challenging construction, but...
            





usace clearing debris from final residential properties in lahaina

                8/26/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), in partnership with federal, state, and local partners, is pleased to announce that debris removal on the last single- and multi-unit residential properties...
            





half-billion-dollar f-35 infrastructure program wraps up at eielson air force base

                8/21/2024 updated


                understanding the need for supporting infrastructure for one of the nation’s most advanced weapon systems, the department of defense invested about $600 million on a beddown program at the...
            







view more






















around the division






























































































essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the pacific ocean division website
the official website of the pacific ocean division, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to pod-pao@usace.army.mil













site mapusa.govcontact ussmall businessopen governmentplain languageeeo & sharpaccessibility quality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & security


rssdod 508 compliancedodmigfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














