


the bass centre - the world's first, foremost, and most famous bass guitar specialist


















































the bass collectioninspired and encouraged by our 30 years of experience and communication with professional players and customers throughout the world, the bass centre is proud to present an all-new bass collection for the 21st century.from the authentic sounds, eye-catching looks and period-accurate appointments of the jive, power and detroit basses, to the cutting edge powerhouse, the sleek, small bodied speakeasy and the revival of the unique, rubber string ashbory bass, you simply won't find better attention to detail, build quality and expertly set-up instruments at this price point.british bass mastersaffectionately known as "a few basses we built with our mates", the british bass masters series extends the award-winning bass collection range with an exciting selection of artist-inspired instruments that pay tribute to a galaxy of brit bass all stars, including several long-standing bass centre customers and friends.ns design ukwith decades of dedicated brand knowledge, the bass centre offers superlative customer service and comprehensive stocks of the complete ns design range at the best prices in europe, with free shipping to the united kingdom and selected eu mainland destinations on all instruments.latest bass centre customer reviewsrating:  the guy pratt betsy bassbetsy kicks *ss!10 january 2025  |  grzegorzwhat can i say - i didn't quite believe that this bass can be that good! fantastic finish (colour looks stunning in daylight, and at night - my wife loves it too, haha!), completly quiet single coils from emg (no hum at all!), nice action, bass was set-up near perfectly right from the shop (i only needed to correct a little the truss rod), works buttery smooth, no problem at all with it. satin neck - checked, strings - i'm rather a flatwounds guy, but man, these are the best roundowunds i had, hands down! the only downside is maybe, that the bass is rather on the heavy side for me, but not that much to bother. go and buy it! oh, i should add - service via mail is also excellent. i got all the answers to my questions before buying. top! rating:  nsfw610 contemporary double bass stringsgreat service10 december 2024  |  michaeli ordered some eub strings for my ns, unfortunately they were out of stock, but the guys at the bass centre organised some to be sent direct from the manufacturer. they kept me up to date with the progress of the order via emails, and i'm now playing the ns again sounding factory fresh.thanks, guys.rating:  elites player series 4 string setsexcellent strings28 november 2024  |  martinthe ordering process was very easy, smooth and professional. delivery to switzerland within some days. great service!i bought these strings for a fender jazz bass, 4 string and the feel, tone and punch is just what i have been dreaming of for decades. tension and stiffness is just a tad on the higher, which i like. very nice grip and you feel you have something under you fingers. surface is very fine, not rough and not slippery. articulation is great. i could dial in eq seetings default and they sound good right out of the package. adding some mids and bass makes me smile. did not have to wait a certain time for break in. i run the neck pu full, bridge pu 80% and tone 60% open. full tight and firm tone. no harshness. after trying all brands, steel, nickel, flats - i have finally arrived. these strings will be my future go-to strings. i strongly recommend these strings. if you like to have something under your fingers, like me, then i can say that 50-70-90-110 is not too thick. your fingers know exactly where they are positioned and you can really dig in. hanks bass centre for this excellent product! i´m in here!rating:  elites detroit flats 4 string setbest strings23 november 2024  |  johnthese strings are amazing, nice and smooth, with an amazing tone, bonus is they cost a lot less than other brands. bass centre is now my go-to shop. thanksrating:  babicz fch 4 string bridge - chromeexemplary service19 november 2024  |  michaeli bought this for a build i'm doing, it looks a beautifully engineered bit of kit. the service from the bass centre was exemplary, very satisfied, recommended.rating:  elites stadium series 4 string setsbest strings07 november 2024  |  mikei have used elites stadium strings for around the last 30 years.never had a problem ever and will continue to use them. too many top bass players to mention  use these strings, so if they’re good enough for them...rating:  the bass centre wyman basswow06 november 2024  |  robertnot even face to face in a shop have i received such great customer service from any other guitar shop. i asked to have a set of flats included in my delivery - “no problem, no charge, we will fit them for you” was the reply.the bass was set up perfectly for me, it's a revelation to play for my diddy little fingers and is powerful. quick delivery.i've only given a five star on this review because it doesn't let me give 9 or 10.completely happy and well satisfied customer.thankyou to barry and his team.rating:  the bass centre wyman basssounds awesome22 october 2024  |  kevini just purchased one from you and i absolutely love it! so easy to play, and so much fun. it sounds awesome! bill did good approving this reissue of his iconic dallas tuxedo bass. i wish i could tell him in person. thanks! see more customer reviewsget the latest house music newsyour email addresssubmitsubmitcontact us + 44 (0) 1276 453 079 sales@basscentre.comcustomer support shopping with the bass centre online ordering shipping & delivery privacy policythe bass centre the wapping years contact us      © 2025 the bass centre / house music ltd.   infoaccount_circlefavorite_bordershopping_basket£0.000homeshopelites bass stringselites stadium serieselites player serieselites dbe serieselites signature serieselites detroit flatselites groundwoundelites medium scaleelites acoustic bass seriesns designns design radius bass guitarns design double bassns design omni bassns design electric cellons design electric violinns design electric violans design support systemsns design cases & gig bagsns design electric stringsns design composite bowsbass collectionjive basspower basspowerhousedetroit bassspeakeasyleft handed bassespickups & hardwarebritish bass mastersthe snakebite bassthe betsy bassthe woodstock bassthe woodstock revivalthe wyman bassthe blockhead bassthe profile bassthe rhythm stickthe frankenstein bassthe live & dangerous bassamps & electronicsphil jones bass amplificationtech 21 sansamp pedalsbassics bass pedals & preampsbass centre bass cableselectro-acoustic instrumentsbass centre ashbory bassacoustic collectionkala u-bassaccessories & hardwarebabicz full contact hardwareleo quan badass bridgesbass centre exclusivesbass collection pickups & hardwarebass centre 40th anniversaryabout uscustomer supportonline orderingpayment methodsshipping & deliveryreviewsmusic press reviewscustomer reviewsbass centre historythe wapping yearsthe bass centre storythe elites hall of fame 1986 - 2022bass centre artistselites artistsbass collection artistscontact
