



perfume-smellin' things perfume blog



































advertisement





advertisement





advertisement





advertisement






perfume and beauty blogs:

blogdorf goodman
bois de jasmin
grain de musc
now smell this
perfume posse
the non-blonde
more blogs





other favorite sites:

biblioparfum
deliver rants
pansy's rants
sixth scents
toutenparfum
women on foreign policy
more sites











advertisement





advertisement





advertisement





advertisement






about me

name:  marina 
location:  new york, ny 
view my complete profile
© copyright 2005-2011 perfume-smellin' things
all rights reserved





contact me




contributors




subscribe to perfume smellin' things

enter your email address:delivered by feedburner

twitter

 





search
















    custom search
  





featured articles

maison martin margiela (untitled)
dior la collection couturier parfumeur
l'artisan parfumeur traversée du bosphore
by kilian rose oud
serge lutens bas de soie
xerjoff oesel
chanel bleu





perfume reviews by perfume house & other posts

a-h
i-q
r-z
from the mouths of husbands
guest posters' reviews and articles
interviews
leather scents directory - a to h
leather scents directory - i to q
leather scents directory - r to z
miscellaneous posts
perfume lists and hit parades





advertisement






previous posts

scents of place: the artisan advantage
coming soon - more perfume posts!
we have a winner!
fragrance takes flight as hummingbird and bat join...
come in from the cold: winter and holiday offering...
foodie sunday: new scented teas from providence pe...
pagans and petrichor: new burning man fragrances f...
secrets in the night: forbidden love natural perfu...
impressions of  genius: dsh perfumes giverny in bl...
a beacon of light in the gloom:  bergamoss solid p...





archives

may 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
october 2012
november 2012
december 2012
january 2013
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
may 2013
june 2013
july 2013
august 2013
september 2013
october 2013
november 2013
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
march 2014
april 2014
may 2014
june 2014
july 2014
august 2014
september 2014
october 2014
november 2014
december 2014
january 2015
april 2015
may 2015
june 2015
august 2015
november 2015
december 2015
january 2016
july 2016
october 2016







tuesday, october 18, 2016




		
	 	scents of place: the artisan advantage
	 	
    	


















by
donna









the debate over natural versus synthetic perfumes is ongoing, and
both viewpoints have their proponents. it is generally agreed that
mixed media compositions are usually the most successful
artistically, while purely synthetic scents can lack character and
seem faceless or cheap. naturals often have issues with longevity and
the unavoidable limiting factor of fewer source materials to work
with. however, there is one thing that fragrances with a high
percentage of natural materials can do that synthetics cannot, in my
experience; evoke an actual sense of place, and “three dimensional”
impressions of the real world. it is true that any aroma, not just of
a perfume, can trigger a memory or an emotion. fragrances can do it
by design, and a skilled perfumer can orchestrate smells to bring
forth a complex array of sensations. this is where artisan perfumery
displays one of its greatest strengths – without accountants, focus
groups and brand managers looking over their collective shoulders,
they are free to follow their own ideas to conclusion and draw the
rest of us into their world. i am highlighting just a few of these
ideas from recent introductions by some of our most talented
fragrance artists.



shelley waddington of en
voyage perfumes created rainmaker to celebrate her new
hometown of portland, oregon (which is also where i live) and its
unique cultural vibe.  appropriately, it has an ozonic note, but it
also has a grounded feel to it. to me it smells like a wet day in the
city when it has just been raining and the evaporating moisture fills
the air, amplifying the smells of wet pavement, old trees, muddy
earth, bark mulch, grass and crushed flowers under a dramatic sky.
anything with a petrichor note will capture my attention, and this
one gets it just right. in other words, it smells very much like an
idealized version of my own neighborhood, and if i step out into my
garden on such a day i will have a very rainmaker experience. it has
a cologne-like transparency, yet it maintains its fresh appeal for a
long time into the drydown, a testament to what a well-judged blend
of naturals and synthetics can accomplish. truly unisex, the appeal
of this easy to live with scent is very broad.












the opposite of the cool wet northwest is the desert, a place amber
jobin of aether
arts
perfumes knows well; red dodecahedron is the latest in
her burner series based on her annual pilgrimage to the burning man
festival in nevada. the immediate sensation from this fragrance for
me is sun-baked dust sifting into everything; i have no idea how this
was done but it’s very impressive. it does not stop there, but
continues to develop into a sensual fragrance that includes black
pepper, chamomile and a base of woods and resins including
frankincense and sandalwood. it also has an animalic quality,
bringing to mind the earthy denizens of burning man. after being in
the desert sands, a cool beverage is most welcome, and her new
strawberry sling perfume oil
just hits the spot. this is a scent that emerged from the
perfumer’s own experience of sipping a cocktail while smelling
flowers blooming nearby, and it’s so delicious that it should have
a warning label on it that says “do not drink.”  a blend of
lemon-scented natural essences results in the exhilarating zest of
freshly squeezed meyer lemons, mixed with a spot-on vodka accord
accented with rosemary and a strawberry note paired with rose. i
really loved this one, and i am hoarding my sample to wear when
summer comes around again and it’s too hot for most other kinds of
perfume. this is a textbook example of the kind of fun, offbeat work
to emerge from the studios of indie perfumers who have free rein over
their own work.












sometimes a perfumer chooses to pay homage to mother nature in a more
specific way; in the voices of trees, dawn spencer
hurwitz of dsh perfumes
creates a scent that feels like an evergreen forest, with richly
balsamic resin perfuming the air as the trees tower overhead, swaying
gently in the wind. as narrow as its focus is, it is more than just a
“smell” and works perfectly as a fully realized fragrance. i
can’t open the vial without thinking of the woods behind my house
when i was a child, a place where i spent endless hours among the
pine, spruce and hemlock trees. another recent dsh creation, the
limited edition la belle saison evokes the sensation of
fresh lilacs in the spring. unlike virtually all other lilac
perfumes, which are reconstructions that contain synthetics, this is
an all-natural composition that gives the impression of lilacs
without the usual photo-realistic aroma found in most of them, and
contains no actual lilac. instead, the effect is of being in a garden
that has lilacs blooming but which also encompasses the other aromas
of spring – green leaves, wet grass, drifts of scent from other
flowers. it is as fresh and delicate as a rain-drenched panicle of
white lilac blossoms, its beauty even further enhanced by its extrait
de parfum concentration.













it’s not just places that can be conjured up by a fragrance. in the
masterful memento mori from aftelier
perfumes, natural perfumer mandy aftel has advanced
her alchemical art yet again with a stunning creation that is sure to
bring to mind not only familiar places, but a human presence. just
inhaling the scent from the vial resulted in a swirl of emotions and
half-remembered flickers of the past. i felt as though i had arrived
home on a cold winter night and entered a place filled with warmth;
standing in the doorway of a comfortable old farmhouse filled with
the sweetness of wood smoke and the funky dampness of drying-out wool
coats, the lingering aftermath of baking, and most of all the musky,
physical embrace of a beloved person. it is remarkable how much this
fragrance evokes a living being; if you have ever held a sweater or
robe that belonged to someone you loved and missed and breathed
deeply of it to bring them closer, you have some idea of what memento
mori is like. it almost feels too private to wear in public places,
being meant for either solitude or closeness; on skin it gradually
becomes almost unnervingly intimate, like skin-to-skin contact with a
lover, and capable of bringing strong emotions to the surface
unbidden. it is powerful and beautiful, but not in the least pretty.
it may seem strange to ascribe such power to a perfume, but i think
anyone who smells this will fall under the same spell.









image
credits: rainy day wallpaper from crafthubs.com; vintage strawberry
patterned (actual) wallpaper detail from etsy seller
wallpaperyourworld; “lilac party” wallpaper from
desktopnexus.com; lighted doorway at night wallpaper from
desktopimages.com.

disclosure:
i received free samples from all the perfumers whose perfumes i
reviewed in this post.












labels: aether arts perfume, aftelier perfumes, artisan perfumery, donna, dsh perfumes, en voyage perfumes, natural perfumery




posted by marina |  
1:37 am
11 comments






friday, july 29, 2016




		
	 	coming soon - more perfume posts!
	 	
    	















sorry for the long hiatus; sometimes life just happens and time gets away from us. we will return soon with perfume reviews, giveaways and more!labels: donna, notifications




posted by marina |  
1:16 am
0 comments






sunday, january 31, 2016




		
	 	we have a winner!
	 	
    	







random.org has spoken, and the winner of the zoologist perfumes hummingbird sample is stacey walls. just hit the "contact me" on the right and give us your mailing address. congratulations!labels: donna, winners, zoologist perfumes




posted by marina |  
10:37 pm
0 comments






wednesday, january 20, 2016




		
	 	fragrance takes flight as hummingbird and bat join the zoologist perfumes menagerie – and a prize draw!
	 	
    	





















by donna










one of the most distinctive new brands
in the crowded sea of niche perfumery is zoologist
perfumes. creative director victor wong had an original idea,
cruelty-free fragrances inspired by the animal world, and in 2014 the
first three fragrances of his vision were launched. beaver,
panda and rhinoceros are wildly divergent in style, but
each one has its own charm. mr. wong is a fascinating man of many
talents who tells the most marvelous stories, and the zoologist label
designs reflect his sense of humor and whimsy. 





i was sure i would adore panda when i
read the list of notes. it had everything i could ever want in a
floral-green scent, but when i finally did try it, there was an
obstacle in the way of my full enjoyment; vetiver. this very popular
perfumery material can be a nemesis for me, especially in its greener
state versus the dark roasted vetiver as exemplified in bruno
fazzolari's lampblack. in panda there is just enough vetiver to
overrun the delicacy of such notes as bamboo, osmanthus, green tea,
lily, mandarin, orange blossom, moss, and more things that i adore.
that said, i can tell that it is a very well-done fragrance, and if
my own nose and skin chemistry did not turn fresh green vetiver into
old, stale vase water, i would indeed love it. it was composed by
talented perfumer paul kiler of pk
perfumes.




mr. kiler also composed rhinoceros,
which could not be more different than panda, and its aggressively
masculine style is both wild and wonderful. i was skeptical of this
one, and as sure as i was of liking panda i “knew” that
rhinoceros was not for me, but what can i say, i do love it. it is a
leathery scent with sturdy aspects of rum and tobacco in synergy with
the pungency of pine, sage and lavender. this is well-trodden ground
(see what i did there?) but the difference in rhinoceros is that it
is not trying to be polite and civilized like so many well-regulated
mainstream masculines. it has all the classical elements writ large,
but it is not crude or loud by any means, just big and strong and
unapologetically so, like its namesake. after the first couple of
hours it mellows to an expansive, glowing drydown, a hearth-side feel
that is most pleasing. i do not usually wear masculine fragrances (as
opposed to unisex) but that is really just a social construct in most
cases, and i really enjoy wearing this. it is free of the unfortunate
markers of mainstream fragrances meant for men – it is not sporty
or fresh and it has none of those huge synthetic woody-amber
molecules that tend to wreak havoc on the sinuses of the
unsuspecting. whoever decides to wear this, just do it with
confidence and don't worry about labels. rhinoceros makes me happy
whenever i put it on; it's funny that a perfume with the name of a
wild animal with a formidable weapon and a reputation for being
near-sighted and cranky turns out to be a comfort scent.












the most truthful fragrance of the line
may very well be beaver, because it does smell very animalic
and more than a little bit funky after an unexpected opening chord of
airy linden blossom and iris with a crystalline, watery feel. this
fleetingly lovely overture last for only a few moments before the
muskiness emerges, and by this i do not mean those clean “modern”
musks which are only so called because of molecular similarities to
the real thing. yet no animal musks, or other animal products, are in
the perfume – it is all either synthetics or natural alternatives,
and in this composition these accords smells about as close to nature
as i have experienced in a contemporary perfume, redolent and rich,
persistent and sweet in that peculiar gamey way of the animal world
like a beaver's thick, oily coat, all through the magic of skillful
perfumery. beaver is meant to paint a picture of the creature in its
natural habitat of secretive woodland pools and wildflower meadows,
and it all comes together to do just that. it was composed by chris
bartlett of the off-kilter pell wall
perfumes, a british niche company.




hummingbird, launched late in
2015,  is my favorite of the line so far in a close race with
rhinoceros, a soaring, joyous celebration of flight, flowers and
sweet nectar, as light as air but as sweet as a summer morning.
shelley waddington of en
voyage perfumes lent her skills to this one, and it bears her
signature aesthetic of lilting florals and sunny good humor. i have a
serious weakness for floral scents of this general style, and no one
does them better than shelley. i had the privilege of smelling some
of the original mods for this fragrance, all of which were really
pretty, and i wondered which variation would make the cut. when i
received my sample, it was even better than i thought it would be;
the floral fantasy of honeysuckle, mimosa, lilac, and honey i had
smelled before had been heightened by the addition of succulent
cherry and plum flesh and delicious sweet cream, a hummingbird's
wildest dreams come true. it is as light as air yet long-lasting,
sweet without being too sugary, and a triumphant demonstration that
there is such a thing as a really great fruity-floral perfume (which
i already knew, despite the many disastrous offering in this genre).
hummingbird is simply ecstasy in a bottle and is practically
guaranteed to lift the mood of even the most curmudgeonly among us; i
dare anyone not to smile with sheer delight when they smell it for
the first time.



                                                                          



                                                                               







continuing with the winged theme, bat
is brand new for 2016 and is already garnering glowing praise. its
author is dr. ellen covey of olympic
orchids perfumes, and it is intense and original in accord with
her unique bold style. it has a big presence, and it reminds me of
something else in the top notes; fans of the cobra and the canary by
imaginary authors (count me among them) will probably find a lot to
like in bat, which evokes initial imagery of a dusty barn to me. it
does not have the “old engine oil” vibe of the ia scent, but
rather more of a haunted feeling, with lots of wood. the wood is
distinctly weird –  dry and warm at first, it gradually becomes
darker and damp and gets a little bit of “blue cheese” vibe to
it; it smells very much like the underside of a board that has been
lying out in the garden, and when you turn it over it has a loamy
smell and lots of little critters clinging to it. i happen to like
that smell so i was intrigued. i also get a strong herbal sense of
artemisia, specifically southernwood, which i used to grow, with its
odd blend of medicinal camphor and citrus scent, although it is not
listed as a note. mixed in with these aromas are hints of fruit and
something faintly metallic, and earthen dust; banana is listed but
it's not sweet and jammy, it's the raspy slide of the inside of the
peel. overall, this perfume reminds me of the cellar in my childhood
home where we stored potatoes over winter, and where i did not really
like to go because even in summer the gloomy chill of the place
permeated everything, and the resident spiders were huge. so yes,
it's a very good rendition of a bat cave, or maybe that dusty old
barn at the beginning is daylight, and the bats in the belfry only
come out in the cool of the evening as the fragrance develops. for me
it is more of an artistic statement than a perfume i would wear
myself, as it is somewhat unsettled on my skin and smells different
every time i put it on, but it is an impressive achievement.




now for the best part - due to the
generosity of victor wong, i have an extra carded sample of
hummingbird for one lucky reader – you must have a mailing address
in the continental u.s.a. to win. please leave a comment if you would
like to be entered,  and good luck! 








image
credits: hummingbird tableau and bat bottle courtesy of zoologist
perfumes. rhinoceros at sunset via wall.alphacoders.com.




disclosure:
the review samples were sent to me by zoologist perfumes and dr.
ellen covey.






labels: artisan perfumery, chris bartlett, donna, indie perfumes, niche perfumery, paul kiler, shelley waddington, victor wong, zoologist perfumes




posted by marina |  
12:01 am
10 comments






thursday, december 24, 2015




		
	 	come in from the cold: winter and holiday offerings for 2015 from aftelier perfumes
	 	
    	
















by donna







mandy aftel of
aftelier perfumes has
made a habit of delighting us just when we need it most, in the
dreary days of winter. this season we are presented with a new
perfume, a different version of another, and a long-awaited addition
to her line of organic artisan teas.




all new for 2015 is vanilla
smoke, which through some sleight of hand actually smells more
like real smoke than many fragrances with synthetic ingredients; the
effect comes from a special extract of lapsang souchong tea that has
been smoked over pine wood. i have to admit that smoky perfumes and i
do not always get along, and when i first put this on, i smelled just
like henri bendel's firewood candle – one of the best there is, but
not something i would want to wear on my skin. fortunately this
effect subsided as it warmed up and the vanilla note began to expand.
it is a decidedly non-foody madagascar vanilla absolute, deep and
dark and woody, the perfect mate for the smoke. the composition is
wrapped in a veil of real ambergris, which acts as the binder to make
the whole thing seamless and velvet-smooth and gives it extraordinary
longevity. this new introduction is available in both eau de parfum
and extrait; the latter is almost supernaturally rich and dense and a
bit less smoky to my nose than the eau de parfum; it's a showcase for
the vanilla and ambergris. wear it for the most special of occasions;
it stays close to the skin, but those who do get close will be
mesmerized.




i tested the fabulous
bergamoss
when it was launched in solid form, and now it is available as a
liquid perfume for a limited time. i may even like it better in this
formulation, if that is possible; it is opened up, sharp and
distinctive, punched up with a shot of bitter-green the way i like my
chypres, yet still imbued with the beauty of the florals and the marvelous essence of the aromatic flouve grass. the bergamot is very forward in this version, while the
solid is softer and mossier, with some sweetness added from the
creamy base itself. the eau de parfum is striking, exhilarating, and
vibrant, the perfume equivalent of a  beautiful woman in a daring
green dress who turns heads the moment she enters a room. we are so
very lucky to have american perfumers making real chypres at a time
when european firms are hobbled by eu/ifra restrictions - i say bring
it on, and since this is a limited edition, get it while you can, it
is superb.





                                                                              


 







and the tea – oh my, the
tea! it has been two years since the launch of the original
three perfumed teas from
aftelier, which are wonderful, and the new orange &
cardamom black tea, using flavorings from aftelier's wonderful
chef's
essences, was worth the wait. cardamom is my favorite of all
the sweet spices, but dosing is key; too little and it can be
overpowered by other aromas, too much and its highly pitched woody
character can do its own overwhelming. this is judged just right, 
blending the sharp brightness of cardamom with a sweet and inviting
blood orange, which also happens to be one of my favorites so far
from the chef's essences line. the tea itself is top shelf rolled
black tea pearls of exceptional quality, of course. this is a treat
for cold mornings curled up on the couch and relaxing, savoring every
sip, and a worthy addition to the lineup. 











image
credits: “golden smoke” wallpaper from 99wallpapers.net, art by t
glow. one of my favorite photos of actress elizabeth taylor, in a
publicity shot from 1951's “a place in the sun.”  


disclosure:
the samples of all the products in this review were sent to me by
aftelier perfumes.

labels: aftelier, donna, food, indie perfumes, mandy aftel, natural perfumery, seasonal




posted by marina |  
6:36 pm
3 comments






sunday, december 20, 2015




		
	 	foodie sunday: new scented teas from providence perfume company
	 	
    	


















by donna







when i heard that providence
perfume company was introducing a new line of organic
perfumed teas, i knew i was in for a treat, since i already love
charna ethier's creative natural fragrances, and when i
received them for testing i was not disappointed. all six varieties
of  these “a● poth●
a● care” loose teas
are outstanding, and very different in character; there is something
for everyone in this lovely selection.




perhaps the gentlest of the group is
green pearl, a classic green tea that is presented in the
traditional rolled “gunpowder” style. it is so easy to drink and
as smooth as one could wish for. when a  tea is as unadorned as this
it has better be of top shelf quality, and this is some of the best
green tea i have ever come across, with a hay-like aroma and none of
the astringency one might expect of this style of tea. drink this
when you are in a meditative mood, or when you need a calming
influence.




i sampled yuzu breakfast when
the weather was still very warm, and it's just perfect for a summer
morning. the formula is a little twist on the tried and true orange
spice formula – the tea is the bold black pekoe found in the major
supermarket brands and such teas as constant comment®,
but the citrus component  here is orange peel and the amazingly
aromatic japanese yuzu fruit peel, which lies somewhere between
grapefruit and bergamot and is very zesty and exhilarating. no other
flavoring is needed, and you will really look forward to waking up
with this in your cup.




orange blossom oolong is so
delicious i was wishing that it also came in perfume form while i was
drinking it – maybe i can persuade ms. ethier to make some? i have
always been a fan of the subtle yet complex flavor of oolong tea, and
the other ingredients in the blend enhance it without masking its
essential delicacy. it has a sublime orange flower and jasmine aroma
and a soft, creamy personality. i am sure this one will be a favorite
with true tea connoisseurs. 





i have been an earl grey tea purist for
almost as long as i have been a tea drinker, which is a very long
time. i was a little bit skeptical of messing with the basic formula,
but earl grey & lavender won me over very easily. the
lavender in the mix is very refined and sweetly floral, not at all
soapy, and it's a perfect partner for the lively freshness of the
bergamot. this is also a green tea version of earl grey instead of
the usual black tea, which may be a concern to other purists, but it
really works here. 





for
those who like a richly flavored tea with a fruity character, look no
further than brambleberry rose. i
really love this one, which combines fine black tea with locally
grown organic rose petals, raspberries, strawberries, cocoa nibs and
madagascar vanilla. the result is a deliciously jammy rose tea, rich
and incredibly fragrant. (it seems like most companies that make a
rose tea just can't resist adding hibiscus, which makes the tea too
puckery, but that's thankfully absent from this formula.) this is the
perfect thing for high tea accompanied by delectable desserts and
strawberries with cream, and another one that should be a perfume
too!




last
but certainly not least is violetta,
which is just ridiculously good. green tea leaves that have been
dried with night blooming jasmine to impart a floral quality are
blended with tahitian vanilla bean, violet extract and blue
cornflowers. it reminds me very much of those violet-scented pastille
candies, but without the chalkiness those can sometimes have. the
sweet violet scent is true and so very pretty, like a breath of early
spring on the breeze, and the flavor is truly unique. this is a
strong contender for my favorite along with brambleberry rose, but
thankfully i don't have to choose. you just can't go wrong with any
of these.










image
credit: violetta tea label art by permission of providence
perfume company

disclosure:
i received my samples directly from providence perfume company.



labels: charna ethier, donna, food, indie perfumes, natural perfumery, providence perfume company, tea




posted by marina |  
12:00 am
2 comments






friday, december 04, 2015




		
	 	pagans and petrichor: new burning man fragrances from aether arts perfume
	 	
    	






                                                                                








by donna





perfumer amber jobin of aether
arts perfume makes a pilgrimage each year that most of us can
only wonder about; she attends the annual burning man festival in the
vast black rock desert of nevada. this celebration of art, music,
creativity, personal expression of every kind and any number of
things that are almost certainly banned in boston is an ongoing
inspiration for her, and the “burner” series of perfume oils
is a tribute to its influence on her aesthetic. i am very pleased to
review the two newest scents in the series, which showcase ms.
jobin's impressive and growing talent.



sensuality is one of the main
associations many people have with burning man – the “let it all
hang out” dress code and encouraging of uninhibited behavior
results in a a potent stew amounting to what may be the largest
gathering of free spirits on the planet. black rock city is
the embodiment of this atmosphere, an earthy, sexy  perfume that
cannot be mistaken for anything ordinary or tame. named for the
temporary community of thousands that springs up every year and then
vanishes at the festival's conclusion, it was created in 2010 and
only released to the public in 2015; black rock city is number 1 in
the burner series. it is 95 percent natural and combines timeless
desert essences like sage, mesquite and cedar in a deep, resinous
composition that somehow evokes the scent of warm bodies to my nose,
even though it is also quite dry and woody. it has a subtle vanillic
sweetness from mesquite blossoms – an essence i have never smelled
in a perfume before now – and is grounded in a base of cedar and
mesquite wood. this deceptively simple formula is very long-lasting
and complex, and must be experienced on skin for the full effect, as
it just keeps getting better as the hours pass. 




on the opposite end of the fragrance
spectrum, reflection (burner no. 6) captures the sensation of
the desert after a rare rainstorm, ominous with thunder and lightning
yet brimming with life as thirsty desert plants spring up virtually
overnight and flowers open their blooms to the sky after a long
drought. the sensation of rain-washed earth evoked by this fragrance
is astonishingly true to life, and it  succeeds where so many have
failed in capturing the exhilarating post-rain aroma known as
petrichor. i have never been a big fan of ozone scents (exception: ms. jobin's own argent, see link in first paragraph), mainly
because they almost never seem to get it right, but this one does,
blending the sharp, penetrating character of ozone with the tender
scent of flowers and the soft wetness of still rain pools. sage,
mesquite and cedar make appearances here too, along with cactus
flower, yucca flower and sage blossom accords. even though it shares
ingredients with black rock city, the two fragrances are worlds apart
in style; reflection is a testament to the artistic possibilities of
mixed media perfumery, being 45 percent natural and 55 percent
synthetic. (both fragrances are made in oil form equal to 45 percent
extrait, so their longevity is impressive.)



the two can also be layered together
for a truly unique experience; in fact, that works wonderfully well
on my skin. the extremes of wet ozone and dry wood cancel each other
out just enough to allow the lighter herbal and floral notes to
shine, like the breath of green plants rising from the warming earth
as the rain evaporates under the desert sun. i give an enthusiastic
thumbs up to them both, either by themselves or in combination.







image
credit: lightning storm in the black rock desert, nevada wallpaper
photo via tophdwallpapers.club.

disclosure:
i received my samples for testing from aether arts perfume.
labels: aether arts perfume, amber jobin, donna, indie perfumes, natural perfumery, new fragrances




posted by marina |  
10:37 pm
2 comments






sunday, november 01, 2015




		
	 	secrets in the night: forbidden love natural perfume from la fleur by livvy
	 	
    	
























by donna









i only recently discovered
the work of natural perfumer olivia larson of la
fleur by livvy, but i was very impressed with her as an
emerging talent. now she is launching a new fragrance that elevates
her work to a new level, and i am honored to be among the first to
review it.



forbidden love is the
story of a young japanese man's hopeless yearning for a beautiful
geisha, a woman who is not allowed to have a personal life but who
must always follow the strict rules of her profession and submit to
duty over emotion. i will let the perfumer's own vision speak here:



“i see her silhouette
as she gracefully floats in zori. her obi tied in a simple knot. the
nape of her neck is exposed as she turns around the corner at the
street lamp. she has no idea that i wait for her passing each night
on the way back from the tea house. her kimono smells of a rich
scent; a combination of orange blossoms, vanilla and lilies laced
with tobacco. the cypress trees and full moon heighten my senses. at
that very moment a gentle waft of burning incense catches my breath
from temples nearby. i am in love with her but she can never love me
back for it is forbidden to love.”



this timeless theme has been
translated into a fragrance that bypasses the usual orientalist
cliches and truly touches the heart. it is tender and wistful, a
scent of longing, subtle yet richly layered. every major ingredient
in this perfume has a connection to japan, including something i
thought i would never encounter – real lily essence. virtually all
modern “lily” fragrances, even the best ones, are constructions
assembled from various aroma chemicals, since the lily blossom only
yields her precious oil grudgingly, and the process of extracting it
is too laborious and expensive to be done on a large commercial
scale. ms. larson has found a source for the real thing, a natural
oil made from the majestic  lilium  auratum of japan, which is
famous for both its dazzling beauty and its powerful scent. i knew  i
was experiencing something very special the first time i smelled this
fragrance; the inclusion of vanilla brings to mind another japanese
lily, lilium speciosum, with its exquisite “french perfume”
aroma. most people are familiar with the popular florist lilies 'star
gazer' and casa blanca' which are bred from these iconic japanese
blossoms – now imagine opening a bottle of perfume and having that
amazing smell emerge.  




the remaining notes mesh
with the lily and vanilla as gracefully as a geisha's movements.
lotus and orange blossom enhance the floral beauty of the lily,
cypress adds an element of green mystery, and tobacco leaf, benzoin,
green tea and vodka hint at the atmosphere of the private rooms where
wealthy men pay exorbitant prices to be presented with the talents of
 her ancient art behind the sliding screens; the tea ceremony,
classical dancing, the spare, haunting music of the shamisen,
and clever conversation that makes a man feel flattered and
important. yet it is he who in thrall to her charms, much as i am
enamored of forbidden love; at last i have found the lily perfume of
my dreams. 




this perfume will be
available for purchase at la fleur by livvy's web
site beginning on november 1, 2015. you can also read what some
other perfume bloggers think about forbidden love at fragrantica, çafleurebon and art
and entertain me.







image
credit: forbidden love images provided by la fleur by livvy; lily
photo and collage by the author.

disclosure:
i received my sample for testing from la fleur by livvy.




labels: donna, indie perfumes, la fleur by livvy, natural perfumery, olivia larson




posted by marina |  
12:00 am
1 comments






sunday, august 23, 2015




		
	 	impressions of  genius: dsh perfumes giverny in bloom collection
	 	
    	




by donna



















perfumer dawn spencer hurwitz of
dsh perfumes
has recently released the results of yet another collaboration
with the denver art museum
– her eighth! - and once again she has demonstrated why she is one
of the finest perfumers in america – and the world. the giverny
in bloom collection that accompanies the museum's major
impressionism
exhibit is a perfect rendition of  the artist's vision. there are
four fragrances in the collection, three of which are actually the
component accords for the final finished result named giverny in
bloom. each one has its own special character and is color-keyed to
reflect its relationship to impressionist art and gardens. let's walk
down the paths of  claude monet's famous garden and see what we find.



la danse des bleus et des violettes
is an homage to blue and violet blossoms, and its shy and wistful
character is guaranteed to charm. rich in violets, iris and
heliotrope with a touch of lilac, it is ever so soft and slightly
powdery; it reminded me of the delicate paintings on bone china
teacups, yet it is no relic consigned to a  display cabinet; a a
breath of green and true to life floral notes keep it firmly in the
garden. the violet is quite prominent here but everything is swirled
together and so well-balanced that nothing is at the forefront for
too long as all the notes have a turn in the limelight. for those who
find  most violet soliflores to be too melancholy, this would be a
good one to try. it is not rain-washed and sad but restful, evocative
of a shady corner where one stops to sit on a bench and contemplate
the surrounding garden's beauty.



                                                                             








the more extroverted l'opera des
rouges et des roses is a celebration of reds and pinks, with
plump roses and peonies jostling for attention with warm, spicy
carnations and almost being upstaged by a sublime note of jasmine.
this is a cheerful scent, rich and sweet, spilling over with
abundance and joie de vivre, a garden party in a bottle. i love these
“old-fashioned” style florals and i mean that in the best
possible way; perfumes with exotic woods and spices are all the rage
these days, but the skill required to create a mixed media floral
perfume that is both original and interesting cannot be denied.                                                                          






my favorite of the three individual
accord scents and the one that to me stands alone best as a finished
perfume is le jardin vert. perhaps this is because it
has one of my favorite notes in it – i just can't get enough
galbanum, and there is enough of it here for my “green fix” and
more; oakmoss, “dirt” accord, bergamot, pine needles – you name
it, my favorite green and mossy things are all included, along with
the ethereal breath of linden blossoms. this is a liquid vision of
all those paintings of the bridge over the pond at giverny, with
weeping willows trailing in the water and lily pads covering its
surface. the cool freshness of this perfume has been most welcome
during this sweltering summer, and i have reached for it several
times when the mercury rose to unbearable heights. 



                                                                              






so, you may be wondering, what happens
when all three of the base accords are combined to make the perfume
called giverny in bloom? i really only need one word to
describe it: magical. this is where the perfumer's genius reveals
itself,  in a thrilling symphony of scent and color that is worthy of
a tribute to the master of impressionism. the whole is greater than
the sum of its parts, and the many superb florals combined with the
green, mineral, earthy and woody materials create the uncannily
three-dimensional effect of a living place. its overall character is
that of a green floral, with the galbanum of le jardin vert still
glimmering through. i can close my eyes and imagine i am there in
monet's overflowing garden, surrounded by the sensory feast of aromas
and colors, not knowing where to look next, the dizzying jumble of
grass, leaves and flower scents rising in the warmth of the sun and
my skin caressed by cool breezes. the alchemy of this fragrance is
such that when i walked back into the room where i had sprayed it i
few minutes before, i smelled strong echoes of the two grandest green
florals in perfume history – balmain's vent vert and jean
patou's vacances, the latter one being my favorite perfume of
all time. the originals of those two masterpieces are sadly no more, but now
giverny in bloom is here to bring those lost gardens back to life. 








image
credits: water-lily
pond and weeping willow; the
rose walk, giverny; and branch
of the seine near giverny by claude monet via
wikipedia.org, all in the
public domain.

disclosure:
my testing samples of the perfumes in this review were given t me by
dsh perfumes.








labels: artisan perfumery, donna, dsh perfumes, indie perfumes




posted by marina |  
12:43 am
4 comments






sunday, august 02, 2015




		
	 	a beacon of light in the gloom:  bergamoss solid perfume by aftelier
	 	
    	




by donna













recently i was thinking about why i
like chypre fragrances so much. obviously i love the way they smell,
but apart from that, the true chypres all share a common thread; they
clearly owe much of their character to natural materials, and in
general those materials are of good quality. from the high opening 
note of bergamot through the floral heart and down into the base of
resins and moss, they are grounded in nature. whether it is the
animalic elegance of miss
dior, the wistfully rosy
beauty of houbigant's ,
demi-jour
or the bitter-green oakmoss overdose of jean-louis
scherrer, the chypre structure in all its guises owes its
integrity to things that can't be made in a  laboratory. (don't even
get me started with the so-called “modern chypres” that were born
of necessity out of restrictions on naturals.)  as much as i
appreciate contemporary perfumes made into abstract works of creative
art with the use of aroma chemicals, those which are made with
nothing but those lack heart and soul, like a computer-generated
image of a “perfect woman” whose expression is a vacuous stare
and whose face is boring in its eerie symmetry. for the real deal, i
reach most often for my collection of vintage chypres, made before
the days of nanny states, bureaucratic overreach and multinational
detergent companies acquiring perfume houses. 




now we have another entry in the genre
that could easily be a throwback vintage scent, but it's an all new
fragrance called bergamoss from aftelier
perfumes, and it is only available in solid form. mandy
aftel wanted to make a true chypre fragrance and decided that
it would work best as a solid. after testing it, i cannot disagree;
it's so good i want to slather it all over myself and live in it
24/7. 




bergamoss is 100% natural, like all
aftelier perfumes, and it has the true chypre building blocks but
with some unexpected companions. the exhilarating top notes of bergamot and wild
sweet orange are bright and uplifting, like sunlight knifing through
a dense forest canopy to reach the ground below.  as the perfume
warms on skin, it opens up to reveal a dreamy, expansive heart
featuring ripe peach and nutmeg, a combination i have not encountered
before but of which i heartily approve. this pastoral effect is
heightened by the use of a most rare material called flouve, which is
an absolute of a sweet grass that has a heartbreakingly beautiful
aromatic character and gives the the wearer the feeling of being in a
broad, romantic meadow filled with waving midsummer grasses drying
into hay and interwoven with scented wildflowers. of course, the base
has plenty of real oakmoss, the cornerstone of all true chypres,
along with antique civet and coumarin, the latter of which enhances
the impression of the flouve. i have to say that flouve is my new
perfume crush – every time i wear this fragrance i smell something
different in it, as there seems to be no end to its aromatic
revelations. the solid formula adds yet another dimension, with its
sensuous, luxuriant feel when applied to the skin. 




bergamoss has it all – it's
refreshing, bright, sweet, floral, spicy, green (literally and
figuratively so), mossy, earthy, rich, animalic and profound. classic
perfume lovers rejoice; the art of the chypre is not lost, it's just
living in the small studios of artisan perfumers who are keeping the
flame burning.







image
credit: “enchanted forest” from hdwallpapersos.com

disclosure:
my testing sample was given to me by aftelier perfumes.
labels: aftelier, donna, indie perfumes, mandy aftel, natural perfumery




posted by marina |  
7:27 pm
3 comments















perfume smellin' things is a perfume blog featuring perfume reviews and discussions of all matters related to fragrance. the opinions expressed on this site are my
own and don’t necessarily represent my employer’s positions, strategies, or opinions.
contact me
© copyright 2005-2011 perfume-smellin' things. all rights reserved.














