





primary research — local history, closer to home



 














































primary researchprojects

overseers of the poor
african americans in antebellum boston
project apprentice to history (path)
stone walls
nathan dane
claypit cemetery
archaeology
gravestones
beverly, ma


research

social history of postcards
neighborhoods
landscape history
nathan dane
public school history
african-americans
ethnic studies
gravestone studies
church history
social history
annotated list


library

school archives
modern day postcards
postcards of beverly
woman suffrage


guides

architecture
archaeology
gravestones
ootp


about

local history, closer to homewomen’s history month
leave a comment in honor of women’s history month, we’re featuring our collection of unique documents from local collections highlighting diverging views and the evolution of the movement toward woman suffrage in massachusetts.
new: articles from the bostonian in the late nineteenth century describing the state of women’s clubs in boston and around the country.

african americans in antebellum boston

spay_email: 

1 comment 
the civic engagement of the antebellum african-americans of boston’s beacon hill and west end, 1848-1855
the time of the fugitive slave law in boston saw a tremendous outpouring of bravery by ordinary citizens. this student-developed project focused on the predominantly african-american neighborhood of boston’s beacon hill and west end to connect a variety of biographical sources and in many ways bring these individuals to life.
[continue reading]the “what ever happened to…” project
1 comment we’re excited to announce this venture aimed at integrating the efforts of high schools, historical societies and anyone interested in local history. a collaboration of these institutions and interested people in essex and middlesex counties will help curate documentary evidence and pictures pertaining to a range of topics.  we started with essex county, and have now expanded the scope of the project to include middlesex county.  phase one of our search begins with two areas that we have already made a great deal of progress on: slave gravestones, and child apprentices in the colonial era.  (later we will be looking at one room school houses, “ten-footer” shoe shops, and poorhouses & workhouses). are you interested in being a part of this digital document collaboration?  click on the projects below, and join us.

children bound out

children “bound out”:the social mobility of apprenticed, bound-out children in their respective communities.


slave gravestones

slave gravestones & epitaphs: the stories of these people during and after their lives as slaves.


ten footer shoe shops
one-room schoolhouses
poorhouses and workhouses


boston overseers of the poor
leave a comment called "the documentary record of the most comprehensive public approach to the relief of poverty in colonial and revolutionary america", the eighteenth century records of the boston overseers of the poor, edited by eric g. nellis and anne decker … [continue reading]
we are crowdsourced
a growing number of projects here are created by people like you.  please add to these projects.
1843 riot on ann street, boston
the 'what ever happened to..' project
send images or info


in massachusetts, what ever happened to…
children "bound-out"?
slavery & slave gravestones?
ten-footer shoe shops
one-room school houses
poorhouses and workhouses

about this project
share what you've found


contents
african americans in antebellum boston
the boston overseers of the poor
archaeology
architecture
early new england gravestone studies
nathan dane archival collaborative
public school history
stone walls of new england
the “what ever happened to…” project
women’s suffrage in massachusetts
landscape history
beverly neighborhoods
beverly poorhouse records
social history of postcards
historic postcards of beverly
modern day postcards of beverly
project apprentice to history (path)
rantoul street in 1910 & 1920
beverly civil war soldiers
dracut’s claypit cemetery

projects
ten-footer shoe shops of essex county
children bound out to essex county
one-room schoolhouses of essex county
poorhouses and workhouses of essex county
boston overseers of the poor
slave gravestones of essex county
dracut’s claypit cemetery
stone walls of new england
project apprentice to history (path)
primary research through the history of beverly
nathan dane collaborative
african-americans in antebellum boston
“tiptoeing through the tombstones”: early new england gravestone studies
“the pit”: archaeological field training site

student research
social history of postcards

african-americans in antebellum boston
public school history

neighborhoods of beverly

landscape history

nathan dane archival collaborative research projects

annotated list of past research paper topics

guides
hometown handbook: architecture

gravestone glossary

archaeology handbook: a guide for better understanding of archaeology

seriation chart

library
beverly educational archives

african-americans in antebellum boston

nathan dane collaborative: documents

historic beverly postcards & images

rantoul street beverly, massachusetts. united states population census. 1910 & 1920

beverly civil war soldiers

contact us
about us
contact us

copyright © 2025 primaryresearch.org · site design by nowallsweb 








