


home




























home






home
our services

art in the garden

whimsical things
artistic flagstone
spiritual gardens

tree of life

sacred geometry


prayer garden
medicine wheel
labyrinth
mouth of truth
obelisk
easter island
buddha


bryan's art

botanical gardens

alta vista
pikake gardens

rain forrest
rose garden
mediterranean garden
protea garden
desert garden
pan-asian garden
bog garden
english garden








swimming pools

natural swimming pools

samples of nsp's

natural swimming
pristine swimming
finding balance
water purity




renovations
artificial rock


water gardens

natural rock
ponds & streams
formal fountains


garden structures

outdoor kitchens
pizza ovens & fireplaces
bridges
rock walls
arches & domes


design

alta vista design
pikake design
unique estate


water conservation

sustainability
soil microbes




press about us

from europe
clean & natural
testimonials
landscape online
sunset magazine
moving water
globetrotters

globetrotters 2
globetrotters 3
globetrotters 4
globetrotters 5


thuro-ly living

thuro-ly 2

thuro-ly 3




botanical plans
backyard oasis
garden of eden
blooming
living museum
mother's day
sd home
clean & natural
awards
links


about bryan

personal


contact









about us 


at expanding horizons we take sustainable construction very seriously. we strive to take an ecological approach to all phases of landscape design and construction. located in vista ca, expanding horizons has emerged as san diego county's premier designer and builder of residential gardens, water gardens and botanical parks. founded in 1978 by bryan morse, our company has excelled in the art of creating natural form landscapes.   bryan morse is an environmental artist-contractor with over thirty years experience in custom landscape design and construction. morse's projects have been featured in numerous articles in  magazines and  newspapers







history


the son of a renowned architect;  bryan grew up in rome, italy and on the greek islands. he spent his youth studying the history, culture and the architecture of the towns and countryside that surrounded him. strongly rooted in his classical italian and greek traditions, morse has brought this depth and insight to the projects that he creates.
during his extensive career he has traveled the planet studying gardens, architectural features and the exotic flora of tropical jungles. bryan has met extensively with the directors of numerous botanical gardens around the world and brokered acquisitions of rare plants for the gardens he was representing.




moving water



testimonials




passion for botanical gardens 


bryan morse was an officer of the board of   alta vista botanical  gardens in vista, ca for thirteen years and, for six years was the president of the board and director of gardens. in 2005, morse (and his associates)  designed the  master plan for  the gardens  and implemented its construction. during his tenure with the gardens he is responsible for acquiring and installing more than 50 large sculptures in the gardens.  he is also the designer and builder of pikake gardens, which is a world class privately owned botanical garden located on twelve acres in valley center, ca.





garden links


call: (760) 505-7900  email: bryan@expandinghorizons.biz


home   |  our services   |  press about us   |  about bryan   |  contact  

© 2018 expanding horizons is a part of the  omni pragma® family  all rights reserved.





