

nmsr home page











new mexicans for science and reason

what really happened in roswell, new mexico in 1947? are
there "hidden messages" from god encoded in the torah? is the
government of the united states spraying deadly chemicals on its
citizens? is the earth just 10,000 years old?
if you wonder what new mexico's scientists are saying about these
and other questions, you've come to the right site!

about nmsr
site map

skepticamp-nm presentations are now on youtube!

detailed schedule


what's new at nmsr?






search for this, never find it





 flat earth claim that sun acts like a "spotlight" -- disproved!
 simple, inexpensive experiment proves earth is round!
 on the elat earth, the sun never sets!
 on the flat earth, how high is the sun?
december 12th, 2018 nmsr meeting: bruce lacey, on "a flat earther's journey and perspective"
bruce lacey’s response to january nmsr reports
closure, by dave thomas




videos of recent meetings!
         david weinberg on "trampling scientific boundaries for fun and profit"
         meeting: trish henning, "the very large array, from the past to the next generation" (september 18th) 
         judith polich, "plastics and climate change" (july 17th)
         keith gilbert, "counterintuitive corners of the mind" (may 15th)
         arjak bhattacharjee on "indian knowledge system (iks)" (april 17th)
         "total solar eclipse season: april 8th and more" (march 20th)
         anay luketa on "thermal hazards associated with transporting lng by rail"
         dave thomas on "what's new in flatland?"




nmsr december 8th meeting: tbd
         


september 2024 nmsr reports on-line - 
          news, puzzles, meetings, july meeting summary - plastics, skeptical haiku, more!
      

puzzles
september 2024 puzzle - "octahedral dice"



9-11 "truth" resources: presentation slides, physics videos, more!
  visit nmsr's youtube channel
nmsr's anthropogenic global warming fact sheet
mark fraser's updated 2015 talk on 'debunking climate denialists'

wondering about graham hancock and "ancient apocalypse"? check this out first!

solve this week's socorro stumper (from el defensor chieftain)






         science watch podcasts
nmsr science watch is now going to the internet archive!!!



nmsr's chemtrail articles
chemtrail fears thrive on internet
n.m. physicist m. k. johnson
on chemtrails
"a
pilot's view" by ian wickson


taxpayers on the hook for unm bigfoot expedition? rob kryder talked to nmsr on january 14, 2017. see meeting summary.




"that’s not how you handle secret, compartmentalized information. i should know." by dave thomas




mind reading on the internet?
   try out nmsr's new magic trick!

dennis lee is found after 10 years! the new scam!


"beyond earthquake lights: progress in seismo-em" by alberto enriquez


marshall berman's feb. 13th darwin day talk "the 'intelligently designed' attack on science and society" is 
 on-line!




complete site map


house bill 302 has been tabled! 



curious about rio rancho ex-mayor kevin jackson?


search the site




the
         bible code


the
         roswell incident


evolution science links


the
         lie: "nm is id-friendly"








dave thomas can be reached at


nmsrdaveatswcp.com
or alcazarusatyahoo.com
(help fight spam!  please replace the at's with @'s )
note -
please use a descriptive subject line!

e-mails with no subject line, or only a
one-word subject line,

will be automatically deleted as
spam!

last update : november 21st, 2024
all content © 2024
webmaster: david e. thomas (help fight spam! please replace the at with an @)

