















aft - american federation of teachers - a union of professionals













      jump to navigation
  



member benefits

how to join
en espanol















menu





member benefits

how to join
en espanol





about us
expand menu


mission


aft leadership


resolutions


state of the union


aft constitution


financial statements


history


contact




our members
expand menu


early childhood educators


prek-12 teachers


paraprofessionals & school-related personnel


higher education


nurses and health professionals


public employees


retirees




our community
expand menu


real solutions for kids and communities


literacy


community schools


experiential learning


safety, mental health and well-being


investments and resources


toolkit




black history month at the aft


powerful partnerships institute


what kids and communities need


campaign events




code red


disasters & emergencies


disaster relief: 2025 california wildfires


huracánes: recursos de ayuda




emergency preparedness


earthquakes


hurricane preparedness & relief




gun violence prevention


immigration


background & resources


standing united to protect immigrant rights


standing united toolkit




daca (deferred action for childhood arrivals)


immigration ice raids


member voices


our partners on immigration


unaccompanied refugee children




public service loan forgiveness


reading opens the world


safe and welcoming public schools for all


health hub


meet your health issues team


webinars


mpox and polio


health & safety committees


asbestos & chemical exposures


take our health and safety survey


heat hazards


we need to hear your stories.




emergency preparedness and response


aft healthcare


covid-19 resources


injury & illness reporting requirements


mental health


osha factsheets and quick cards


voice injuries


food service hazards


osha outreach training


occupational stress


ergonomics


workplace violence


health hub: safe laboratories


bloodborne pathogens


workplace bullying


green cleaning


health hub: indoor environmental quality and mold


gun violence






take action
expand menu


aft votes


covid relief & recovery


american rescue plan accomplishments




national & local actions




press center
expand menu


press releases


new york times columns


blog


speeches


fighting for a better future: labor and education policy


the road ahead: fighting for progress, freedom and democracy


what kids, teachers and communities need






news
expand menu


latest news


publications


american educator


issues index


author index


subject index


article submission


change of address


copyright permission


peer review board application


peer review board




aft health care


issues index


author index


subject index


article submission


change of address


copyright permission


peer review board application




aft resources for organizing and back to school programs




reports


aft voices


randi's corner


browse aft videos


union talk podcast






search







search





            search
          



















breadcrumb


                  home
              





 

































aft executive vice president evelyn dejesus joined uft, pef, psc/cuny, ampr and alliance for quality education officers and members to help build community at aft-somos day of service 2024 at the escuela montessori manuel elzaburu in san juan, puerto rico



aft executive vice president evelyn dejesus joined uft, pef, psc/cuny, ampr and alliance for quality education officers and members to help build community at aft-somos day of service 2024 at the escuela montessori manuel elzaburu in san juan, puerto rico



























on the final day of the aft convention, delegates reelected randi weingarten as president, fedrick c. ingram as secretary-treasurer and evelyn dejesus as executive vice president. additionally, 43 vice presidents were elected to the union’s executive coun



on the final day of the aft convention, delegates reelected randi weingarten as president, fedrick c. ingram as secretary-treasurer and evelyn dejesus as executive vice president. additionally, 43 vice presidents were elected to the union’s executive coun



























aft member speaks at convention 2024 with members behind wearing shirts that read "we are ofnhp"



aft member speaks at convention 2024 with members behind wearing shirts that read "we are ofnhp"



























people smiling together at aft-somos day of service 2024 at the escuela montessori manuel elzaburu in san juan, puerto rico.



people smiling together at aft-somos day of service 2024 at the escuela montessori manuel elzaburu in san juan, puerto rico.



























aft president randi weingarten high-fives with a child in pittsburgh on the final day of the "fighting for public education” bus tour



aft president randi weingarten high-fives with a child in pittsburgh on the final day of the "fighting for public education” bus tour



























the aftvotes bus tour made a critical stop in arizona, rallying for gotv efforts to support harris and walz joining unite here, mi familia vota, and the afl-cio for their canvass kickoffs.



the aftvotes bus tour made a critical stop in arizona, rallying for gotv efforts to support harris and walz joining unite here, mi familia vota, and the afl-cio for their canvass kickoffs.



























aft membership has grown to 1.8 million members in 2024.



aft membership has grown to 1.8 million members in 2024.


 
 


































      government for the people—or for plutocrats?
  




now that donald trump has moved from candidate to president, it looks as though his promise to champion everyday americans is not moving with him, writes aft president randi weingarten in her monthly column.​


      read the full column
  






























      aft and momsrising launch times square ad exposing trump’s broken promises on skyrocketing egg prices
  




‘egg counter’ ad will illustrate the rapidly rising cost of the grocery staple many said was crucial to their presidential vote


      read more
  






























      helping our immigrant communities
  




with donald trump now in office, the crackdown on immigrants has begun, and the aft is pushing back, lifting up immigrant voices and distributing resources to help keep people safe. see all our immigration resources here.


      read more
  






























      black history month at the aft
  




this year, black history month celebrates the intersection of black history and labor. the aft is deeply committed to this partnership and continues to lift up the many ways the labor movement and racial justice work in tandem.


      discover more
  






















      aft celebrates cte month 
  


k-12 public education




the aft is proud to celebrate the innovative educators who dedicate their lives to preparing students for a wide range of careers. celebrate career and technical education month with us by sharing the work our members are doing in this field.


      learn more
  








      the heart and soul of education
  


american educator




students face increasing mental health challenges, and educators strive to support them. that’s why the new issue of american educator is dedicated to the heart and soul of education: creating safe, welcoming spaces that focus on healing from trauma and restoring well-being.


      read the winter edition
  








      preparing for 2025: a look at higher ed in a second trump term
  


healthcare




from student loan relief to immigration policy, endowment taxes and university accreditation, the next four years of a trump administration are looking grim for higher education.


      read more
  








      how to make america work for the american working class
  


nyt column




aft president randi weingarten unpacks the election results in her latest column and concludes that while “fear, anger and a sense of powerlessness in many ways fueled people’s votes,” moving forward means choosing a path of hope.


      read more
  








      weingarten speech on labor and education policy
  


news




“we are in another turbulent time. my remarks today are an attempt to chart a path forward—a path that leans…on hope, not fear, recognizing full well that fear, anger and a sense of powerlessness in many ways fueled the results of this election.”


      read the whole speech
  








      thousands of oregon health professionals prep for historic strike
  


healthcare




thousands of frontline nurses, doctors, nurse practitioners, midwives and other providers are gearing up for a historic strike against providence health & services—oregon’s largest healthcare company.


      read more
  








       balancing work and family 
  


talkspace




feeling balanced is an inner state, not an external one, and it’s an ongoing process, rather than a destination. it is the experience of feeling calm, grounded, clear headed, and motivated. people can feel balanced in busy seasons and slow seasons.


      read more
  








      bargaining safe staffing: a victory for nurses, a lifeline for patients 
  


higher education




eleven union organizations raised their voices sept. 16, amplifying a vision of higher education for the public good and calling on the harris-walz ticket to join them.


      read more
  








      organizing tips for real solutions in higher education 
  


higher education




the aft’s real solutions for higher education campaign is off and running, with grant proposals under review and last summer’s in-person workshop already informing plans at campuses across the country.


      read more
  








      psychological safety at work
  


talkspace




dr. amy edmondson, a harvard business professor coined the term psychological safety and defined it as “a belief that one will not be punished or humiliated for speaking up with ideas, questions, concerns, or mistakes.”


      learn more
  








      our union creates a win-win situation
  


healthcare




the aft released a video produced in collaboration with the union’s partners in the middle east and issued the following statement from president randi weingarten commemorating the first anniversary of the oct. 7, 2023, attacks:“please take a few minutes to watch this video and share it with your colleagues, friends and family so they too can hear these remarkable testimonies. you may agree or disagree—that is your right—but hear them. listen to them. they are trying to forge a path forward for peace, freedom, security and self-determination for the 7 million palestinians and the 7 million jews who call israel and the palestinian territories their home.”


      watch the full interviews
  

















read the report









      disaster relief resources
  
in the wake of floods and in the midst of wildfires, the aft is doing all that we can to help. click here for our disaster relief resources.





      real solutions palm card
  























read in englishleer en español







      teacher shortage task force report
  








































































randi's corner


news and resources from the office of the president




read more


from aft president randi weingarten









aft

      calendar
  





aft convention 2026




        washington, dc
      




see more















stay connected






instagram







threads







facebook







x







youtube







text









join us

email



zip


add your name










randi weingarten
president
fedrick c. ingram
secretary-treasurer
evelyn dejesus
executive vice president





our mission
the aft is a union of professionals that champions fairness; democracy; economic opportunity; and high-quality public education, healthcare and public services for our students, their families and our communities. we are committed to advancing these principles through community engagement, organizing, collective bargaining and political activism, and especially through the work our members do.




contact


aft store


careers at aft


privacy policy







© american federation of teachers, afl-cio.  all rights reserved.
photographs and illustrations, as well as text, cannot be used without permission from the aft.

















