








will ghormley-maker, holster patterns, will ghormley -maker, quality, authentic, historically accurate, old west cowboy gear, hand crafted, hand carved, old west collection gun belt buckles, old west buckles, dwayne johnson, rampage movie, jeffrey dean morgan, walking dead, agent russell's gun rig, rampage rig, shane rig, old west buckles











willâ ghormley -â makerold west cowboy leatherp.o. box 152 - chariton, ia - 50049â â will@willghormley-maker.comold west cowboy leather catalogueold west collection, patterns by willcarved leather paintingsthe advantages of cross drawpull up a chair!i'm glad you stopped in to take a look at my goods. â i'm will ghormley and i make all of this myself. â everything i craft is hand-made for my customers. â i cut each item from the hide when it's ordered. â it's worked and tooled right here at my bench. â i dye and oil and clamp it in my stitching pony to sew by hand.i started crafting leather almost 40 years ago.â  most of the photos you will see are stock items i manufacture for my catalogue, but it is custom work that has built my business.â  if you don't see exactly what you want in the stock orders, i'm more than willing to create something to your specifications. â sketch something out, send me a copy of a photo, or tell me what movie you saw it in. call me with the details and we'll talk about it.open rangeâ holster and beltsaddlesmovie and t.v. gearstories writtenfrank james, his holster and "fair weather christian" beltbrad pittâ asâ jesse james, his holster and fold money/cartridge belt.messages preachedclick photos to viewholsterscartridge beltssaddlebagskain robertson,â charlton heston, will ghormleywill trade leather for gunsclick photos to viewjohnny ringoâ holster and belt,â tombstone1820s trekkin'trekkin' like a mountain mancustom old west saddle treeclick text for: tea party patriot meets obama!100th anniversary 1911 holstersclick text for: making "hand of god" rig and patternclick text for: making "johnny ringo" rig and patternclick text for: making sky ute moccasinsdiscontinuing moccasin patterns.â  check for availability.sale itemsclick text for: flames of hell rig pattern informationclick text for: john wayne's el dorado rig pattern infoold dogs and new trickseco flo professional waterstainclick here to read about my experience with it.visit the liberty combat knife home pagephotosclick here to visit my new motorcycle page.blade i pattern pack and knife and pouch saleâ available through the leather crafters & saddlers journal'sâ  online storeclick to view closeups of pivo7 holster carving.reproducing the shane rigclick here to see photos and articles about reproducing the shane rig.click photo to visit rampage sight.click here to see new patternsin improved format!nothing to see here folks.move along.

website designed at homestead™ get a website and list your business










