


tipspoke | tips on fun things to do, lifestyle, leisure, parenting & more
























my location




topics
login














things to dofun at homefood funreviewstravelgamessciencemagic tricksparenting









tipspoke is the best way to find & share family fun

people use tipspoke to find everything from museumsto outdoor activities to fun things you can do at home


pick my home city
fun at home
visit a city



today's picks - places to visitdodd stadium   adventures & sports   norwich, cttake in a game or a season's worth at dodd stadium, home to the connecticut tigers minor league baseball team. this venue offers a great opportunity for families to enjoy the experience of seeing a great gamemuseum of natural history and planetarium   museums & science   providence, rifor a mere $2 per person, one can view the exhibit halls of providence's museum of natural history and planetarium, which include hundreds of thousands of artifacts from sites around the world. and for only $3great lakes science center   museums & science   cleveland, ohthe great lakes science center located in cleveland's downtown area is a museum and educational facility designed to be enjoyed by all ages. it is home to science related exhibits that cover a wide spectrum oflouisville waterfront park   parks & nature   louisville, kyhosting everything from festivals, concerts, charity walks and sports tournaments to family reunions, weddings, and corporate picnics, the louisville waterfront park offers kentucky citizens and visitors a chancecrocker art museum   museums & science   sacramento, cathe crocker art museum displays a premier collection of californian art, drawings, european paintings, ceramics collection in the us, as well as asian and african art is displayed in the art museum. the museum's

today's picks - things to do at homeleak proof bag of water experiment   science experimentsastonish your family and your friends with this leak proof bag of water experiment. audiences will stand in amazement as you poke pencils straight through plastic bags and nothing leaks out! this is an easy sciencebeautiful button trees   arts & craftsi have a special place in my heart for buttons and i always have a container of them on hand for crafts. buttons come in such a wide variety of shapes, sizes and colors; much like leaves do. that similarity ofcalming glitter bottles   arts & craftscreate a calming glitter bottle at home today. my kids have always been mesmerized by snow globes but i was always concerned with allowing the littlest ones to play freely with snow globes because i was worriedplastic egg lightning bugs   arts & craftswhether you are in cooler months dreaming of summer or you are right in the midst of summer's glory, you will want to create these fantastic plastic egg lightning bugs. i understand that some places in the worldplay a game of water balloon volleyball   family gamesmix things up a bit and play a game of water balloon volleyball. this game follows the rules of traditional volleyball, except that instead of a volleyball, you will be using a water balloon. volleying will ensue

fun things to do near over 60 major cities or at home if you’re looking for activities with your family, you just stumbled upon a tremendous resource. no matter what type of fun you’re planning, from rainy day crafts to exciting attractions to explore in a nearby city, or the perfect location for your child’s next birthday party, you'll to find lots of great options here. please enjoy and share! whether you’re looking for fun places to visit that are close to home or are trying to plan your next family vacation, you'll find lots of great recommendations, ratings by ages, and insider tips here. new york city if you’re looking for the top tourist attractions and things to do in new york city, we've got a great selection for you! our hand-picked list of over 50 activities in nyc includes family favorites like central park and its popular zoo, as well as world-famous structures like the statue of liberty and empire state building. families that love museums should also check out our pages on the museum of modern art and the the new york hall of science, which are both fun and educational. you can also find information on the city’s top parks, including flushing meadows-corona park and brooklyn bridge park. los angeles there are lots of things to do in la. this thriving metropolis is home to dozens of wonderful family attractions, from museums and science centers to gorgeous beaches and fascinating archaeological sites. some recommendations include long beach and its excellent aquarium, the la brea tar pits, which are one of the most famous excavation sites in the world, and knott’s berry farm, which is one of the most popular theme parks in the entire country. chicago the windy city is another wonderful place to visit for a family vacation since it features hundreds of exciting places to explore. some of the best educational museums in the world are located in chicago, including the museum of science and industry and the field museum, which is the home of sue, the biggest tyrannosaurus rex ever found! other things to do in chicago include millennium park, which is home to the “bean” sculpture, and navy pier, where you can ride the ferris wheel and enjoy spectacular views of lake michigan. philadelphia philadelphia, the second largest city on the east coast of the united states, is a great holiday destination and has plenty to offer. home to the liberty bell, independence hall, and other historical sights, it attracts many tourists from all around the world. the city is well known for its arts and culture, as well as its rich history. some of the more popular things to do in philadelphia include the philadelphia zoo, art museum, camden aquarium, the licery bell, and independence hall. sightseeing in “philly” is very convenient since the city has more outdoor sculptures and murals than any other american city and most attractions are in walking distance. san francisco san francisco's 49 square miles of restaurants, museums, parks, wildlife and cultural activities attract year round crowds. the city's well connected transportation system and compact, distinct neighborhoods are convenient for first-time visitors. san francisco is also a great walking city - (hills and all!) with spectacular views and outdoor parks to enjoy. some things to do in san francisco include alcatraz, fisherman's wharf, coit tower, and of course, the golden gate bridge. the vast museum scene features gems like the california academy of sciences and the exploratorium. atlanta there are tons of things to do in atlanta, especially if you’re interested in history. if your child is learning about civil rights in school, places like the martin luther king jr. historical site should definitely be added to your itinerary. another popular place is the world of coca-cola attraction, where you can learn all about the history of the world’s most popular soft drink. we’ve also included outdoor activities like centennial olympic park, which was used for the 1996 summer olympics. houston did you know that houston is the fourth largest city in the united states? its historic connections to nasa make space center houston one of our favorite attractions in the city. other things to do in houston include the houston museum of natural science, the houston zoo, and brazos bend state park, where you can see all sorts of animals ranging from deer to alligators! dallas we’ve also created a list of over 75 exciting activities in dallas that are sure to keep your family entertained no matter the season. top picks include the perot museum of nature and science, the dallas world aquarium, and the frontiers of flight museum - but they are just a few of the many attractions we’ve reviewed for you. be sure to visit our section featuring all sorts of things to do in dallas. many more family fun locations looking for a different location from one of the ones we mentioned above? don't fret, on tipspoke we have resources on so many more locations. you can find fun activities whether you're planning a vacation, a day trip, or just trying to find an activity for a few hours in your home city. if you are planning a vacation and need a quick way to find flights for the best price, you may want to try the google flights search tool. it can help you find flights from airports all over the world, compare prices, and find the cheapest times to fly. fun at home we understand how hard it can be to keep little ones entertained after school, on weekends, and during vacations, so we’ve compiled a huge list of fun at home featuring lots of hands-on activities designed for families with children of all ages. in addition, we’ve included a handy guide at the top of each and every page that shows how appropriate we think the activity is for toddlers, kids, tweens, and teens on a scale of 1 to 5. want to know more? here’s a quick overview of some of the most popular areas of tipspoke: arts & crafts this arts & crafts list contains over 500 creative activities to do with your child, including fun things to draw, instructions on how to make your own jewelry, and tips to help you create everything from musical instruments to your favorite sesame street characters. family games & activities one of our favorite nights of the week is family game night. while board games are always a big hit, sometimes it’s fun to do something new. this family games list features over 100 activities that are fun for the whole family, including ideas like planting a “pizza garden” together in order to learn about nature and promote healthy eating habits. science experiments are you in search of fun activities to do with friends? this list features dozens of kid-friendly science experiments that are both fun and educational. we recommend making fireworks in a bottle or learning about chemical reactions by trying the shiny penny experiment. magic tricks our list of over 50 family-friendly magic tricks is a sure-fire way to impress visitors. young magicians will love learning tricks like this magically appearing coin trick, while older children hoping to be the next houdini can try more difficult illusions like the disappearing teacup! jokes for kids if there’s one thing you can never have too much of, it’s laughter. on our jokes for kids, you’ll find dozens of kid-friendly jokes that are sure to make them crack a smile when they’re feeling down, riddles & brainteasers for kids we also have a list of mind-bending brainteasers and puzzles that are fun for children and adults alike. more of a riddle person? we've got lots of tricky riddles that will keep them thinking while you’re driving to your next activity on our and riddles for kids pages. online activities if you’re interested in exploring some fun and educational kids and family activities online, we have a few recommendations! below are some of our favorite online resources that can help you have fun with your kids, including some fantastic educational resources. online science fun if you’ve got an aspiring astronaut in the family, you should definitely check out the nasa website, which is full of fascinating information related to aeronautics and space exploration. you can learn all about the international space station, view the latest photos from mars, and check out the nasa kids’ club page, which features over a dozen educational games. both the national geographic and smithsonian institution websites are jam-packed with educational information about the world around us, from animals and the environment to archaeological sites and foreign cultures. both sites are great for teens due to the diverse range of educational topics they cover, but they also include special kids’ pages for younger visitors that feature lots of awesome activities. educational fun while ted talks were originally focused on technology, entertainment, and design, today they cover pretty much any topic you can think of. if you have a curious teen who loves to learn, you’ll surely be able to find a talk or two (or ten!) that you can watch together. the largest library in the world is a phenomenal educational resource for both children and adults. while it’s most often used for research purposes, the library of congress website also offers tons of resources for children, including book recommendations, poems, and science facts. 

fun things to do in...
atlanta
austin
baltimore
boston
chicago
cincinnati
cleveland
dallas
denver
dc
houston
los angeles
miami
milwaukee
new york
philadelphia
phoenix
pittsburgh
providence
richmond
san francisco
seattle
st louis
more places »fun things to do at homefamily gamesfun games for the whole familyscience experimentsmaking science into family funjokes for kidsgiving the little ones a laugharts & craftsfun, creative activitiesbrainteasers & puzzlesexercise for the mindmagic tricksentertainment for the whole familyriddles for kidsgreat fun when you're stuck at home



















 





find fun things to do

southeast
atlanta, ga
charleston, sc
charlotte, nc
louisville, ky
miami, fl
richmond, va
southwest
albuquerque, nm
austin, tx
dallas, tx
houston, tx
oklahoma city, ok
phoenix, az
san antonio, tx
tucson, az
tulsa, ok
northeast
baltimore, md
boston, ma
buffalo, ny
hartford, ct
new york, ny
philadelphia, pa
pittsburgh, pa
portland, me
providence, ri
washington, dc
midwest
chicago, il
cincinnati, oh
cleveland, oh
columbus, oh
des moines, ia
detroit, mi
kansas city, mo
milwaukee, wi
minneapolis, mn
st. louis, mo
west
denver, co
las vegas, nv
los angeles, ca
san francisco, ca
san jose, ca
seattle, wa






fun at home
arts & crafts
magic tricks
science experiments
family games


food & dining
festive & gourmet
food & dining resources
kitchen gadgets
meal planning
nutrition & diets
organics
packaged food favorites
recipes
restaurants
wine


product reviews
baby gear
gadgets & gizmos
gift ideas
kid's apparel
toys & games


school & childcare
after school programs
childcare
education resources
home schooling
schools


popular articles
trashcan card game
bisquick sausage balls
coloring pages printables
camping checklist for families
topics










about    
		partnerships    
		terms    
		newest    
		sitemap    
		topics    
		contact us


		© 2025 tipspoke (host04.21).   all rights reserved.	




