



gate openers gate operators driveway gates wrought iron aluminum gates











































we offer a large selection of  gate openers and gate operators for residential driveway gates, light or heavy commercial gates, or industrial locations. if your not sure the style or size of the gate opener / gate operator  you need, please e-mail or contact us so we can gladly help guide you to the correct choice. we offer all type of gate openers / gate operator, sliding gate openers / gate operator, swing gate openers / gate operator, hydraulic gate openers / gate operator. we also have a wide selection of replacement main circuit boards for all brands, and remote controls  for visors or keychains.



        


access control:   tele-phone entry system from linear, select engineering, american access system, sentex, for residential and commercial application.   a variety of access control equipments, including remote controls, card readers, proximity card reader, key pads, wireless key pad, wireless telephone entry system, free exit loops, safety loop, safety photo sensor,  multi-code, liftmaster, linear,proximity card, magnetic lock,  wireless intercom,  receiver, transmitter, exit wand, extended range antennas, electric strike, radio receiver, mini remotes, electric magnetic lock, safety loop, exit loop, safety sensor, sensor wire,  omron safety photo cell.   goose neck for key pads or telephone entry system. what ever your need are for gate access control we have the security system.



 



l.a. ornamental corp3708 n.w. 82nd streetmiami, florida 33147phone: 305-696-0419laornamental@aol.com






scissor gates:   heavy duty accordion gates for security.  these folding gates are retractable and are used mostly in industrial warehouses for overhead doors openings. most standard sizes are available but we can custom make the size that you need.






all of our aluminum or wrought iron gates, or fences are designed and manufactured to withstand a range of outdoor conditions. our commitment to our customers and dedication to produce quality gates has earned us thousands of satisfied customers.although we offer a wide selection or ornamental designs or decorative designs, we can design and manufacture any style in aluminum or wrought iron metals. l. a. ornamental & rack corp also offers fences, garden or walk thru gates to match your driveway  gates. with over thirty five years of experience in manufacturing and designing elegant, custom, or exotic aluminum driveway gates and fences, our past and future customers can have peace of mind that they are receiving quality workmanship.  we are a fence company that gives our customers 110% of dedication to manufacture quality driveway gates and fences.for a quote please send an e-mail to laornamental@aol.comif your looking for privacy with your driveway gates ,garden gates, or walk thru gates, we offer a solid backing with your choice of aluminium, steel, plexiglas or plastic.  all solid backing are offered in many different colors to choose from. privacy gates






we sell hydroponics, grow light, hydroponics system, indoorgardening, fertilizer,grow hydroponics, hydroponics supply,advanced nutrients, hydroponics, grow light, and much more.e-mail: miamihydro_hydroponicsgrowlight@yahoo.com



welcome to: gates n fences 



railings - l. a. ornamental rack corp offers top quality balcony railings, front porch railings, deck railings in metal, aluminum, or wrought iron steel.  we offer rails for residential or commercial locations for either interior or exterior locations. we also offer custom made railings, decorative railings, or handrails that are powder coated paint for low maintenance and long last balcony rails, porch rails, or deck rails






aluminum driveway gates or wrought iron driveway gates click on the image below for a large selection of custom gates






aluminum fence click on image for large selection of custom fencing






railings click on image for a large selection of custom railings



 


garden gates or walk gates can be designed to match any existing or ordered driveway gate.  customers can choose between wrought iron or aluminum as material  and choose from our wide selection of powder coated colors.  garden or walk gates are custom made that can give your home that special and elegant look.






under the gate accessories section find automatic self-closing springs, j-bolt hinges, adjustable barrel hinges,  pool safety latch, slide bolt latches, aluminum, stainless steel, or galvanized gravity latches, rubber guides, v groove wheels, or v tracks, deadbolt locks, push button control station, key switches and more .






about us  |   contact us   |   our policies   |   faq   |   manufactures   |   links   |   copyright protected 2004-2008 - l. a. ornamental & rack corp.  all rights reserved. no part of this site can be reproduced in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise without prior written consent of l. a. ornamental & rack corp.3708 nw 82nd street  miami  florida  33147, office: 305-696-0419  fax: 305-696-0461 e-mail: laornamental@aol.com






we offer a large selection of wrought iron and aluminum driveway gates , but also browse through our wide selection of gate operators, either sliding or swing gate openers / operators.






pool fences - the  aluminum pool fence styles, aluminum pool gate styles, or the aluminum pool deck railing styles that is perfect for your project. we offer decorative pool fences, standard safety fences, or any custom made pool gates for your property that are the essential requirements of commercial crowded areas, or residential properties.






bft gate openerspowermaster gate openerseagle gate operatorselite gate openersramset gate operatorsdoorking gate openersviking gate operatorsosco linear gate openersliftmaster gate openersallstar gate operatorssea gate openersfaac gate operatorsapollo gate openershysecurity barriers / risers  swing  slidesresidential sliding gate openersbarrier gate vehicle barrier gate, parking gate, barrierditek surge protector  -- transformers revereaiphone intercom






dealers application



 


* the names of companies, brands or publications pictured or mentioned and their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. their use neither constitutes a claim or sponsorship of the trademarks by our company nor affiliation of the trademark owners with l.a. ornamental & rack corp. any mention of trademark names, brands or reference to any commercial organizations are for information only. it does not imply any affiliation of this listing with the trademark owner. the use of a trademark name is to describe the products being offered for sale by our company and should not in any way infers directly or indirectly any affiliation with the owner of these trademarks.



 


garden gates click on image for large selection of garden gate including privacy gates



                                                                    



for your car care specialist in miami florida in bird road area visit  www.rrautorepairs.com services tune-up, brakes, air conditioning,  heating, radiator, alternators, timing belts,drive belts,oil lube filter,minor repair service, fuel injection system,batteries,cv joints and a complete engine performance





 designed to enhance the entry of your home with custom ornamental decorative driveway gates while bringing safety, security and convenience.





 
top brands of gate openers and operators, commercial, residential, industrial, swing, slide, rack & pinion, barrier




aluminum driveway gates are becoming more and more popular because of how strong and durable they are. the wide choices for design and style is also another reason why this type of gate is preferred by many people over wooden or iron gates.here are the reasons why a lot of homeowners choose to put up custom made gates made of aluminum.1. cost : aluminum gates are less costly than steel gates at least nowadays as 10 years ago they were allot more expensive than steel gates. if you like an elaborate and very decorative gate, the cost of wrought steel would be more, but with aluminum, the same design can be within your allotted budget.2. weight: aluminum custom made gates are very light compare to steel gates, making them a lot easier to open compared to those made of iron. this may be just as important point when it comes to automatic gates, aluminum only lets minimal tear and ware on the rollers and hinges sliding gates. because materials are not heavy, the automated opening system will surely stay in good condition for a longer time period and in some cases extending the life of the gate openers by 50%.3. durability:since aluminum is not damaged by rust or corrosion, your gate can serve you well for many years. all our gates designs are made from solid plate aluminum that is ½ to 1" inch thick. a gate made of solid aluminum rods are a bit heavier but way lighter and so we are able to use thick material which makes our work stand out.4. appearance and options. when talking about sheer beauty, our aluminum gate are so elegant as the materials that we use in most cases are twice thick than a metal gate . you also have a wide choice in terms of colors as we offer one of the largest select of powder coat oven baked in the net, larger selection styles, and custom sizes.5. maintenance: maintenance is out of the question aluminum is the way to go, since it does not corrode, unlike with wrought iron ( steel ), you are not required the maintenance to up keep your gate no sanding,priming,re-painting for many ,many,many years to come. with aluminum custom made gates, you can save time, money, and effort in maintenance this gates are capable of enduring different types of elements without flaking, chipping, or cracking.



 why our custom made aluminum driveway gates are awsome looking, stronger, better material and workmanship is just part of our success.





 top brand of gate openers and operators, elite, viking, doorking, power master, ramset, allstar, faac, apollo, sea. we are also manufacturer of custom gates in aluminum, iron, steel our ornamental gates are second to none. for your driveway automatic electric gates entrance we offer a full line of access control equipment, telephone entry system, intercom, keypad and gate accessories and safety devices, loop detector, safety loop, photo cell. offering complete custom decorative fencing matching designs and style, 100's of fence pictures to choose, picket fence, deck, pool, garden, estate, modern, we have it all at great prices.


