
brad templeton's home page








brad templeton home

brad ideas
(my blog)

speaking 
clarinet 
interviews 
eff 
jokes / rhf 
photo pages 
panoramic photos 
sf publishing 
software 
articles & essays 

robocars 
spam 
dns 
jesusthe book 
dot! 
packages 
interests 



rhf home 
ty templeton home 
stig's inferno 
copyright myths 
emily postnews 
world heritage sites 
burning man 
phone booth 
alice pascal 
the rules for guys 
bill gates 
contact me 





brad templeton's home page
brad templeton's home page







me at the now-vanished "templeton: next 3 exits" sign
on u.s. 101 (1993)


welcome to my web home page -- a collection of my various essays on
technology topics, comedy, my software, my popular amateur photography sub-site,
and of course,
an exercise in net.narcissism.  also found here are sites for some of
my famous family members, with two books and a comic series.

i also have a blog called brad ideas.

speaking
today, i am frequently on the road speaking to conferences and companies, both on my
own and through my affiliation with singularity university, a school devoted to
understanding and exploiting technology that changes in a rapid and accelerating way.
clarinet
you may know me because i was the founder and software architect of 
clarinet communications corp.,
the world's
first ever ".com" company (by which i mean a business based on the internet
rather than one like uu.net which sold connectivity itself) and which was
also the net's first
and for a long time largest electronic newspaper.
i founded clarinet in 1989 in waterloo, ontario with the
crazy idea of trying to make money publishing professional information
over the net and to the net audience.  it came to take up almost all my
time.   it became by far the largest
paid subscription base on the net, and then in june of 1997, i sold
clarinet to individual, inc. which
also publishes online news.

i also have short bios for press and conferences.







i left clarinet in 1998 after individual merged with desktop data
to form newsedge corporation.  newsedge's
strong focus on business news delivery is the right strategy, but i decided
to take a new direction.  
since then i've done various part-time projects, including a founding
role in topica and investment and advising for a variety of startups.
in addition to the
nonprofit boards listed here, i'm also on the technical advisory board of
bittorrent inc., commercializing the most popular large file publishing
software on the net.

my current commercial project is writing and consulting about 
robotic cars including advising the team building these at google.

i'm also a frequent conference speaker.

interviews
there have been lots of interviews with me in various magazines and
web sites over the years, but the on-web copies tend to vanish with
time, so just do a web search for "brad templeton interview" to find
ones still around.  
you can also read how i was one of the plaintiffs
in a suit against janet reno to stop the
communications decency act.
i used to have a page of other press mentions of me,
but as noted only a few of the links inside it are alive.

 robocars 
in the naughties, i became fascinated with self-driving cars;  first because they
are a super-cool technology, but later because my research revealed the truly
immense numbers around cars that will be changed. i decided they would be one of
the largest computer-driven disruptions of the near future.

i have made a large series of essays about them as
well as a robocar blog.  i've
been giving talks around the world and consulting for google's team.

 electronic frontier foundation 
i'm chaiman emeritus of the eff,
the leading foundation protecting liberties and privacy in cyberspace.
(i was chairman from 2000 to 2010 and on the board for around 20 years.)
you've probably heard of the eff, and perhaps think that because of how
it was founded that it's funded by rich benefactors.  today it stands on
its own and needs the support of members and donors large and small.

(begin beg break) if you support what the eff is doing to protect
freedom of expression, privacy and civil rights online, then do something
about it.  visit the eff web site, and at
the very least join.  if you can, donate -- funds are urgently needed right now.  the past couple of years have been terrible
 for charity fundraising due to the market and
it's hurting us.  if, like some high-tech folk,
you still have stock with unrealized capital gains, ask about the
stock-donation
program that can get you up to a double deduction on your taxes.

please read my letter about supporting the eff.

(end beg break)
foresight nanotech institute
i am also on the board of the non-profit foresight nanotech institute, the leading advocacy
and watchdog group for molecular nanotechnology, founded in 1986 by the field's
pioneers.  we also focus on futurism and ai.

 singularity university 
in 2009, a new school designed to offer a multi-disciplinary graduate program about
the coming 5-15 years of exponentially changing technology was created.  founders
included google, autodesk, cisco, genentech, nokia, kauffman, peter diamandis of the
x-prize and inventor ray kurzweil, as well as nasa ames, where it's hosted.

i chair the program on computing and networking.  the summer program is a real trip,
with 80 fantastic students from 35 countries, and we also do shorter programs through
the year both locally and around the world.  it's at singularityu.org

 rec.humor.funny
you may also know me because i started the net's most widely read
newsgroup, rec.humor.funny.  rhf is
a moderated newsgroup devoted to comedy.  each day, what people estimate
are a half million readers send in the lastest (and not-so-latest) jokes
they have heard.  the moderator picks just the very best and sends them
back out the newsgroup.   i edited it until 1992, and then passed that
task on to maddi hausmann, who was followed in 1995 by jim griffith who ran it
until the late 2010s.   i maintain it now, though it's in disrepair.
a
rec.humor.funny
home page describes some of my adventures as one of the first
people to be banned on the net.   rhf articles continue to be the
most widely read thing on the internet and usenet
today.

for a few years i also did the same thing on the genie online service,
known as the telejoke round table.  that stopped in
1993.

in its way, rec.humor.funny was also what led to
the creation of clarinet.  due to rhf and other matters, we
sued the justice dept. to get the communications
decency act declared unconstitutional, and we won in the supreme court.

i've also published several jokebooks with material from rec.humor.funny.
these can still be ordered, and you can find out about them
here.

i've also released a new
compilation of the
very best from those books, plus some more in 
the internet jokebook
from peer-to-peer publishing.

science fiction publishing
i'm also a science fiction publisher.  in 1993, in a venture into
electronic books, i published what was (and as far as i know still is) the
largest anthology of current fiction ever published.

the hugo and nebula anthology 1993 contains
the complete contents of all of the nominees for the
hugo award that year, plus all the short fiction nebula nominees.  these
are sf's top awards.  the anthology, which is available on cd-rom
(and was available on the net for a time) contains all the novels, all the
art, all the other fiction and fan material, plus author photos and
videos and a hypertext annotated edition of one of the hugo winners,
a fire upon the deep by vernor vinge.




(at lake yellowstone, '98)

my history, software & articles
i'm also still very active on the net, and am one of the few brave souls
from the early days to still take an active role, though sometimes i wonder
why.   i joined my first arpanet mailing list in 1979, and started reading
usenet in the spring of 1981.  later that year, henry spencer and i, in
two independent efforts, made usenet's first international links, bringing
the net into canada.  (i was born near toronto in 1960 and grew up there,
moved to waterloo, ontario for 13 years then moved to silicon valley in
california in the 90s.)

please note most new essays show up in brad ideas,
my blog.

i've been working with the net for a long time and have tried to help it
grow.  i've written a variety of software tools related to the net, including:
software for download

the newsclip programming language,
the dynafeed dynamic netnews feeding system,
a tool to measure usenet readership, and
abe -- a fancy system to encode binaries in printable ascii
through clarinet, i've provided financial support for the development of
c news and the trn newsreader.

below you will find more about the software i've written and designed.

law & online issues

10 big myths on copyright explained
brief intro to copyright, a companion to the above
solutions to the copyright crisis - an
examination of the proposed answers from all camps to the crisis in copyright.
essays on junk e-mail (spam), how to fight it, how not to fight it, and how the fight relates to important issues of net governance.
privacy issues in google's gmail
how to fix the domain name system by not having
generic tlds.
how to solve the problem of paying for content
in an online world by using microrefunds and the "don't pay" button.
a watched populace never boils, a defence of privacy.
a history of the word "spam" on usenet
and reflections on the 25th anniversary of
the first spam.
free dmitry sklyarov, from the viewpoint of
one of the earliest ebook publishers.
the story of the banning of rec.humor.funny, the first big net censorship fight

usenet and internet

the first short history of the net where
the phrase "imminent death of the net predicted" was coined
the rise and fall of the first dot-com, the early history of clarinet.com
emily postnews answers your questions on
netiquette, a satirical look at net foibles; including
emily's description of how to spam
i remember usenet, an article on net history and remembrance written in
december of 2001 for the o'reilly network
some ancient essays
top 11 myths about the internet and usenet
the internet: what is it really for? -- address to the internet world conference, june 1994
an analysis of business on the internet for the internet business journal in july, 1993
a description of the trial newsgroup
creation system -- an alternative to newsgroup voting
the story of the free burning man phone booth we created with
802.11, satellite and sip

satire & comedy

the bill gates wealth index, a hyperbolic
look at the meaning of 40 billion dollars.
the rules for guys, a
satire, repeat: a satire, on the bestselling dating guide
for women called the rules
tips-tips -- a form to report the citizen spies in operation tips.
 larry ellison's new national id card.
no award a lightly humourous science
fiction and time travel story set in something analagous to an sf convention.
darth-darth binks, sith lord.  hey, accidents
are always happening around him.  he's strong with the dark side of the
force. 
canadians for global warming emblem.  we're doing
our best to help the greenhouse gas "problem."
with my designs.
 governor schwartzenegger confers with governor ventura
sermon on the mount, george bush edition

futurism

robocars: a series of essays on how computer-driven cars will change the world
if we're lucky, our pets will keep us as pets,
an essay on how the first super-beings may descend from apes instead of humans.
a bold proposal to build a ship
of tech-nomads that wanders the world but is always on the internet.
the future of tv commercials and hard disk
video recorders like the tivo.
mythtv projects and other essays on tv and media in a
new section of their own.

technical

how to make all our e-mail private again with opportunistic encryption.
how to solve sysadmin and upgrade problems
in modern operating systems.
a conceptual draft for out-of-band
sgml/html/xmls which are a way to provide rich text html documents that look
like plain text to plain text viewers.
usenet format working group notes and drafts.
ideal audio-video system design and why the broadcast
flag makes it illegal.
k news -- an obselete proposal from 1983 on
news indexed by keywords instead of newsgroups.  people propose things like
this today, but now i know that they were wrong, as was i.

other

guide to irving street/sunset restaurants
in the outer
sunset district of san francisco.

photography
note that i have a full secondary website for my panoramic and general
photography, which is my biggest hobby.

photography pages
panoramic photo pages
around the world in
14 days, an account of how i circled the globe in july 1995 
to visit hong kong, china and south africa, including
political commentary
on my impressions of south africa.  with 7 (mostly safari) photos.
the giant (21633 x 1024 pixels)
panoramic photo of burning man 1998 along with
70 other photos in a bm photo-essay.
fun with photoshop in a highly unusual family portrait
compare digital and 35mm photography in my 
discussion of the tradeoffs between these two methods.
how many pixels in 35mm film? -- answer to a digital camera faq
some 35mm shots today's digital cameras can't do
not my photos, but i built a page linking all 788 unesco
world heritage sites to google satellite images to browse
and enjoy.

did i originate "dot?"
if i really did it, probably the thing i did that became the most famous was
being the first to suggest that internet addresses be in the form
site "dot" toplevel-domain, a convention that has now become
recognized all around the world.
software development
i also proposed and developed the trial newsgroup system for creating
newsgroups -- an alternate to "voting" that was approved in 1991, but alas
that's when clarinet took over my life and the work was never followed
through on.

in my early days in the microcomputer industry, i started out as the
first employee of personal software inc., which you may know by its later
name of visicorp.

psi/visicorp was the first big applications software company of the
microcomputer industry -- bigger than microsoft for a while.  through
them, and through other software publishers, i also wrote the following
software products:

time trek -- one of the first "star trek" like games for commodore pets,
checker king for the pet, apple ][ and atari 400/800,
microchess's graphics engine for the atari 800,
the bulk of visiplot for the ibm-pc from mitch kapor's design,
pal -- a popular (to some people the reference) assembler for the
commdore pet and commodore 64, and
power and power 64 -- a popular utility package for the pet and 64
the earliest arpa address to uucp path mail alias forwarder,


from 1983 to 1996 i was also president of looking glass software
limited, a canadian software development and publishing company.  there i was sole
or primary developer on several products, one main one being the
alice
pascal syntax directed programming environment -- which i've now made
freeware for do
it's still the best environment for teaching programming that i've
seen -- if i do say so myself.  lgs and i developed:

alice pascal for the cemcorp/burroughs icon, ibm pc, unix and atari st
alice basic for the cemcorp/burroughs icon,
3-2-1 blastoff, a spreadsheet compiler add-in for lotus 1-2-3 (chosen
as one of the top software products of 1988 by pc world)
3-2-1 gosub, an @function development add-in for lotus 1-2-3
the primary compressor in 
stuffit, the most popular compression
software -- actually the most popular non-apple program of any kind -- on the apple macintosh.


interests and conferences
in my spare time outside the net, i'm involved in photography, writing, acting
and singing in amateur theatre.  i graduated from the
university of waterloo, and was for 12
years an active member of the
fass
theatre company there. 

i'm also active in science fiction fandom, attend tons of conferences
regularly including usenix,
the world science fiction convention,
asilomar microcomputer workshop, hackers, kinnernet, dld,
computers freedom
and privacy,
foresight nanotechnology conference
and various others.  (i have lots of frequent flyer memberships.)

other interests include music, astronomy,
cryonics, film, government,
philosophy and politics, bicycling, debate and hiking.
i even got to have
dinner "with" the president of the united
states once.


personal data: born in 1960 to
charles templeton (1915-2001) and
sylvia murphy.
family: tax law expert
mike templeton,
comic book artist
ty templeton and
tv producer/host
deborah burgess.
[unique family portrait].


contact me
but not about certain topics, i'm afraid.  so please:

i don't have time to answer all the copyright questions people
send, so if you send one you will get no reply.  i feel bad about
it but that's how it has to be.   yes, this really means you.
no, i don't "trade" links, or sell them.  i will accept sponsorships not done for
seo.
i'm at btm@templetons.com




clarinet |
interviews |
eff |
jokes |
sf publishing |
software |
articles |
spam |
dot! |
packages |
privacy policy |
interests







