 home | ibf international breathwork foundation       
skip to content
menunon-profit global network for conscious breathing and breathworkhomeabout ibfjoin the ibfibf storygic historyibf taskforceibf core valuesibf activitiesibf by lawsethics and standardsibf privacy policy (gdpr)disclaimerimprintall ibf email contact addressesbreathworkconscious breathingconscious connected breathworkbreathwork definitionsthe flow of a breathwork sessionguidelinesmembersthe ibf team  ibf members directoryibf members by countrybecome an ibf member (pay with a credit card)become an ibf member (pay with paypal)initiativesconscious breathing in the classroomworld breathing day april 11ibf united nations workgroupbreathing circlesscience and research workgroupbreathwork development fundibf breathing arts workgroupprofessionalism workgroupmember eventsgicresourceswbd 2025 – world breathing day resourcessupport manualsnewsletter archivetemplate for new proposalsreport templatesdevelopment fund application formsdocument libraryibf’s youtube channelpartnersibf breathing app user guideibf breathing app – video tutoriallog in
close menuibf – uniting and inspiring peoplethrough conscious breathingjoin the ibfbecome a member of our growing non-profit community. make a difference in the world.

click here to join us now                                        initiatives

 

united nations workgroup                    

 

conscious breathing in the classroom                    

 

breathing arts workgroup                    

 

breathwork development fund                     

 

members online breathing                    

 

science and research workgroup                    

 

world breathing day april 11th                    

 

conscious breathing for trauma recovery                    what is ibf?the international breathwork foundation is a non-profit global network established in 1994. all our task force members are volunteers. ibf is open to everyone interested in the use of conscious breathing and breathwork for health, well-being and spiritual practice.the purpose of the ibf is to promote a heart-centred approach to breathwork, its theory and practice, for the expansion of consciousness and for personal and global transformation.

about us                                        find a breathwork practitioner or school

find now                                        community events

explore member events                                        ibf stories

read more                                        breathwork in action

enjoy!since 1994, ibf annually organises the global inspiration conference (gic), a week-long celebration of the breath. it is held in a different country each year, in a venue with beautiful natural surroundings. the gic is a wonderful opportunity to exchange views, teach, learn and receive inspiration from like-minded friends and colleagues.at the gic you will find workshops, lectures, social events, sharing of best practice, dancing, good food, good company and lots of fun. it’s a wonderful opportunity for personal and professional growth, as well as making friends and valuable connections.ibf news

 

world breathing day 2025                                        

 

gic australia – ticket sale is on!                                        

 

ibf breathing app – watch the tutorial video!                                        
ibf videos

our youtube channel                                        
breathwork development fundwe are committed to the development of conscious breathwork and making it accessible to all around the globe. the fund was created in 2011 to financially support initiatives to bring the benefits of breathwork to people and places that would otherwise not have the opportunity to experience it.it is also our major fund to sponsor ibf members to come to our annual global conferernce (gic)anyone can contribute to the breathwork development fund through a donation.

donate                                        
ibf breathing appselect a store below to download

 

 the ibf breathing app suits beginners, intermediate, and advanced users and can be used by health staff for patients.conscious breathing is the practice of breathing with awareness, intention and attention to your inner experience in the present moment.using this app for only 10 minutes each day helps to create a positive impact in the following areas of your life:managing stresscalming anxietyimproving sleepdeveloping focuscreating happinessovercoming fearraising self-esteemincreasing vitalityimprove reconvalesencetranscending traumabeing in the momentcultivating serenityuse the simple power of conscious breathing in your daily life to increase health and well-being and enjoy a more balanced and harmonious life.three preset breathing rates are available: relaxing, energising and balancing (heart-coherent) breathing.there is also an additional „hold” your breath option. “hold” can be used for box breathing, buyteko, pranayama, etc.adjustable breathing rhythms (1 to 60 seconds) help you personalise each breathing session according to your current needs.you can select from several different background sounds. additionally, “synced to breath” signals can be mixed in. synced-to-breath signals (including a silent vibration mode) allow you to breathe to the rhythm of your choice with your eyes closed.pre-listening options for all sounds are available.breathing sessions are available for any length, from 2 minutes to 90 minutes, so you can choose the perfect length to fit your schedule. ibf recommends a session duration of at least 10 minutes.registered users can select and restore any session with the same settings as before and track their app usage. registration is free.the user guide offers clear, simple instructions and can be downloaded.the international breathwork foundation is a non-profit global network established in 1994. ibf is open to everyone interested in using conscious breathing and breathwork for health, well-being, and spiritual practice. all our task force members are volunteers.the ibf breathwork development fund funded this app. donations to the fund are welcome! more information about the international breathwork foundation and how to donate at https://ibfbreathwork.org/events/donation-for-the-ibf-breathwork-development-fund-from-friends-and-members/contact: info@ibfbreathwork.orgmore sign up for our newsletter




first name:last name:email: back to topibf international breathwork foundation
imprintdisclaimergdpr – ibf privacy policycomplaints procedure
 
 
 
 
  info@ibfbreathwork.org© ibf international breathwork foundation 2024 (all rights reserved)
 

english

french

spanish

chinese (simplified)

portuguese (brazil)

german

dutch

italian

turkish

arabic

swedish

polish

ukrainian

japanese

bulgarian

estonian

greek

chinese (traditional)

russian    




