



short north gazette - columbus, ohio




 

photo | larry hamill                        
      © 2020www.shortnorth.com

info@shortnorth.com
independent newspaper serving the short north neighborhood in columbus, ohio, since 1987 
editor and publisher, margaret marten
founder and publisher emeritus, tom thomson (1924-2015)
 welcome 
 welcome to one of the fun spots of the u.s. 
      right here in columbus, ohio! 
contact information

a-z list current businesses
a-z list come and gone

events list
restaurant list

feature story archive

 useful links 
 january/february 2020 issue
(small stuff) current issue 
dis n data editor 
events list & classified ads
art shows
 neighborhood news/events (select writeups)
i can't believe you said that! (jokes) 
letters to the editor 
cartoons 
poems/haiku 
current articles
cover essay
the artisans of winter
by tom thomson
oh, deer!
      by dawn mccombs
dream husband
      by eric broder
        

why old places matter (chapter four)
      by thompson m. mayes

tinged with sepia
      by ralph whitlock
    
friends of goodale park gala  photos 
      (gus brunsman iii) page 16 and page 17
harrison west society holiday photos
page 24 and page 25
doo dah departed

dis 'n' data
openings: rooh indian restaurant, woodhouse vegan, zaftig brew pub. c.krueger's cookies relocates. closings: eugene's canteen, richard bennett clothiers, emi pet, laughlin's bakery. deaths: w.c. hemming, tom coombs coming attractions: dicarlo's pizza

hot chocolate race: yet another short north disaster
      by joel knepp 
urban philosophy: snowlitude
      by eric anderson    
law you can use
zoning laws can affect you and your property
      by bryan hunt   
thurber connection
fast forward to the fifties
      by tom thomson    
neighborhood news/events (select writeups)
st. francis mardi gras pasta event; hubbard lantern festival; yoga-well-being public meditation/discussion; new music at short north stage; wheeler dog park winter closing; bookselling symposium at thurber house; comfest 2020 plan; art studio clearance at fairgrounds


regular columns
see also "columnist archive" listed lower 

          eric broder (humor) 


christine hayes 

joel knepp  
michael stinziano, county auditor
thurber connection (series)

 tom thomson essays
ralph whitlock
earth talk ®

law you can use ©

  features archive 
feature stories index

  cover story archive 
 cover story archives
check out these cover stories from past issues
creative writing
miscelllaneous

photos - of various events
a-z directory
listing by subject of short north offerings
dining list
complete short north restaurant list  links
home buyer's guide
directory of our real estate advertisers/friends
letters
selection of correspondence
                     published in the gazette
memorials
remembering
                           those who've come and gone

gallery hop
an attempt to
               define the magic of this wonderful event. 
 lodging
places to stay in and around the short north 
neighborhood organizations 
folks who go the extra mile to make this neighborhood unique 
                 doo dah parade
your pass to a whacky world of political/social satire

 photos - including doo dah
columnist archive
see also "regular columns" listed above

clinton j. buhler (art reviews) [2011 - 2012]
        community news archive

pedal pusher (cyclist column) 
           (greg knepp) [2007 - 2010] 

           tom's corner
publisher emeritus
                     talks about this and that and fairly frequently blasts some
                     hapless person or institution out of the water

fritz the nite owl [1999-2009] 
           fritz peerenboom, aka fritz the nite owl, broadcasts some of the coolest jazz

jared gardner (pop renaissance) [2009 - 2011]

betty garrett deeds

elizabeth ann james
art
                         news - in the short north -and all around the
                         town

karen edwards
in the
                         wings - a look
        at the theatre scene in columbus [2005]

thurber
           connection
series on one
           of columbus' most famous native sons

legendary
           tales
fancy-free
           meanderings by tom thomson

c.b. findlay's dining notes archive [2003-2005]
kaizaad kotwal film
             archive
film review
        archive: kaizaad kotwal [2000-2003]
kaizaad kotwal (art,  features) 
 
kotwal comment
               archive
straight talk
               archive : kaizaad kotwal [2000-2003] 

comic strip (matt wyatt)         the heebie-jeebies? 
         go to
        :
sex quotes of the rich and famous
         
         . . pithy
         remarks on the foibles and follies of the human condition
         from the mouths of such icons as gloria steinem, jayne
         mansfield, groucho marx, jay leno, lucille ball, shelly
         winters, errol flynn, woody allen, albert einstein, zsa zsa
         gabor, victor hugo, norman mailer, mae west, joe louis,
         madonna, elizabeth taylor, joan rivers, anais nin, and
       hundreds of others!

 sam's poetry
               tree
          some coooool stuff
          here 
          the
                    memoirs of tom's war years

go to searching for the u.s.s. lsm 245


 
"hey, if you're not doing anything else, come visit one of my web pages. i'm not amongst the living anymore, but what the heck, we'll probably get along. just click on my gallery or my letters, or what thomson wrote about me. ain't these computers somethin!" 

emerson burkhart

            he was one cool artist.

            more burkhart stuff
doral chenoweth, aka the grumpy gourmet, knew burkhart 
                and wrote a play 
              about him. the script  came from some six hours of tape recordings produced between 1956 and 1966. 
              the chenoweth tapes and script provide you with an artistic view of a great american painter. 
              doral's website includes photos, the play, and more
http://emersonburkhart-theplay.com

go back to start
© 2021 short north gazette, columbus, ohio
            all rights reserved






the artisans of winter
by tom thomson




 

seventeen
         arches now span high street from 
         the convention center to
       just north of fifth avenue





we're just north of the greater
         columbus convention center

doo dah parades draw big crowds. 

columbus neighborhoods - short north documentary

             the story of one of the city’s most vibrant and exciting neighborhoods includes the tale of the arches, the rise—and abrupt fall—of the columbus union station, an incredible reunion of civil war soldiers, the circus magnate who mesmerized a town, and the emergence of local festivals and traditions that have become a part of the short north’s character. it’s a story of how a grassroots movement transforms a run-down, forgotten neighborhood into columbus’ center for arts and culture.
bonus material include maps, a slideshow of remarkable buildings and a brief description of their history, a flytown reunion feature, and a video that shows how you can contribute to the columbus neighborhoods website.
purchase the wosu dvd $19.95 • click image to transfer to the wosu website 




beautiful goodale park is a short north
         treasure




there's no place like the short
         north!

if you
                 are a visitor and need information, 
         try the short north arts district website
http://www.shortnorth.org
         or send the short north alliance an email at info@shortnorth.org
         or call the sna at 614-299-8050 

         e-mail: info@shortnorth.com


 







 




