





the russian tortoise





















the russian tortoise  
agrionemys horsfieldii ( testudo 
				horsfieldii) 
 


home
care sheet
diet
edible plants
toxic plants
uvb output 
									  
									of bulbs
breeding
hatchling care
forum
contact us
tortoise table
links
references
site map
metric conversions
veterinarian listings
vitamin a content of greens







this site is dedicated to the wonderful russian 
				tortoise, agrionemys horsfieldii. it was originally classed as a 
				testudo sp. but recently was given its own genus agrionemys (ananjeva 
				et al. 1998). more recent studies place it back in the testudo 
				genus. they are known by many names...... russian 
				tortoise, steppe tortoise, afghanistan tortoise, four-toed 
				tortoise and even russian box turtle. 
				
it is found in 
				afghanistan, northern pakistan, northern and eastern iran, north 
				western china and the soviet territory kazakhstan. most russian 
				tortoises found in the pet trade are from the territory of
				
uzbekistan. its habitats are dry 
				open landscapes. it is most commonly found in sand and clay 
				deserts with sparse grasses and bushes. russian tortoises are 
				rarely found in dense grassy areas or cultivated fields 
				(paraskiv,1956; kuzmin, 2001). 
in its natural habitat the 
				russian tortoise is active only a few months of the year. it 
				comes out of hibernation in mid-march and actively forages and 
				mates until mid-june. during the hottest parts of summer it aestvates. in uzbekistan it hibernates from october through 
				march. 
it is most active in the early morning and early evening, 
				retreating to its burrows during the hottest portion of the day. 
				russian tortoises are most active when the temperatures range 
				20-32°c (atayev. 1985).  
my goal is to have a great reference 
				with links on nutrition, general care and breeding. i have been 
				keeping russian tortoises since 1991 and	
				reptiles since the early 60's. i have successfully bred 
				them and currently have a breeding colony of 11 males and 19 
				females.  please visit the 
				links section for other good 
				sites . also be sure to go to the 
site 
				map . it lists more pages than the menu.
				
dr. joe heinen dc

				 
 
 
 















				all material herein © 2000 -2020 "russiantortoise.org, joe heinen dc". all rights reserved 			
				







								 



				 

								 

						
						 

						 


						 



				 








