

trilogy pacific investments








proven. visionary. trustworthy.trilogy pacific investments is a 40-year real estate development company based in the americas. trilogy’s sophisticated portfolio of mixed-use projects, resort and community developments and its own boutique hotel group, offers investors proven, “best in show” products yielding above-average financial returns.trilogy's opus hotels group vancouver "top in service" awardsjohn dec. evans founderdisciplined. focused. pioneering. a legendary real estate development visionary, john dec. evans builds value into each of trilogy's business ventures with tight, vertically integrated development, management, and hospitality practices and has been awarded the queen elizabeth ii golden jubilee medal for contribution to canada.real estate developmenttrilogy's development approach is focused, intelligent, and market-driven. trilogy specializes in conceiving, planning and positioning uniquely successful developments on much sought-after sites.land planning & community developmentcayet, a 60-acre master planned community in the comox valley of vancouver island, british columbia, envisioned and curated by trilogy. we designed a comprehensive community in a place of rare magic, aspiring to achieve a higher standard: a standard respectful of place; a sanctuary where man-made components ensure that natural beauty is only enhanced by the buildings that make up the community.  “john evans is a smart developer.” michael audain, chairman the polygon group© trilogy pacific 2023john dec. evansuniversity marketplace, university of british columbia endowment lands, vancouvercayet, comox valley, british columbiamixed use, residential, commercialresort developmentjohn dec.evans envisioned and executed the development of the resort on blackcomb at whistler, b.c. for intrawest, negotiating the land transaction and development of the chateau whistler for canadian pacific hotels (now fairmont hotels). john dec. evans subsequently incorporated the trilogy group of companies and secured the development rights for whistler’s only full-service shopping centre, whistler’s marketplace, and further developed an additional five mixed-use commercial residential projects in whistler village north.hotel developmenttrilogy recognizes and realizes "value-added" real estate strategies, as the development and marketing of the hilton vancouver downtown in vancouver demonstrates. trilogy, in a joint venture, purchased the site together with plans for a luxury residential condominium, with the expressed intention of changing the property's use to that of a full-service hotel. trilogy conceived and implemented a unique marketing strategy, hotel strata ownership (hso), marketing to individual sophisticated investors.hilton vancouver downtownopus hotels grouptrilogy, guided by john dec. evans’ ever-innovative thinking, redefined the boutique hotel experience, with the opening of opus hotel vancouver, a 96-room property, with contemporary design yet offering guests a special warmth and charm combined with exceptional yet unobtrusive service. its french bistro, elixir, and opus bar quickly became vancouver’s sought-after destination to “see and be seen” for the city’s fashionistas and hollywood north crowd. opus hotel vancouver continually garners top international awards from authorities such as condé nast traveler, forbes travel guide, trip advisor et alia.opus hotel vancouverhotel management & licensingin 2020, the world’s foremost user-generated social media review site, trip advisor, ranked opus hotel vancouver #1 for guest service in canada, as chosen by its guests’ reviews.  since its opening, opus vancouver is consistently ranked by trip advisor amongst canada’s top 15 hotels.  in 2019, trilogy hotel management services & opus hotel corporation were awarded the hotel management contract and licensing for canada’s newest luxury boutique property, branded versante hotel, which opened in greater vancouver in summer 2021.versante vancouverfirst name *last name *phone numberemail *messagesubmitsuite 700 jameson house838 west hastings streetvancouver, british columbiacanada  v6c 0a6 contact us+1 (424) 421-9998info@trilogypacific.comright product, right place,  right timeenvironmental respect. masterful planning.  design that fosters community.legendary. market-driven. proven results.seizing opportunity. financially creative. value-added strategies.stylish.  bold.  fresh luxury.operational excellence.  global brand recognition. award-winning service.trilogy pacific investmentsmichelin guide | best hotels in vancouver 2022trip advisor | travellers choice awards, 2022, 2021, 2020condé nast | johansens awards for excellence, best urban hotel 2021whistler's marketplaceversante hotelopus riviera nayaritalpenglowwhistlerʼs marketplace pavillion
