



  



 dog trainers workshop & dog boarding in fountain inn, sc




























skip to main content










your single resource for dog boarding and training:
 (864) 862-8626








phone
location_on





boarding daycare training boarding school puppy classes beginner class intermediate class advanced beginner class scentwork  one-on-one training must read press new dog or puppy competitive obedience enthusiast about us videos testimonialscontactmake a payment  














							boarding						

							your pup will love staying with us						

i’m interested in day care


i’m interested in boarding









							dog training						

							we train your dog to be the most well behaved member of your family						

i’m interested in training










   trusted dog training experts in fountain inn, sc when it comes to obedience training  our professional training programs have not only created thousands of good dogs over the years, but our obedience trainings have also produced not one, but two dogs that placed in the westminster kennel club dog show. regardless of the training level you want to train your dog to, our professional trainers will transform your pup from a riled up fur ball into a tame, well-behaved family member. explore training classes        looking for tips & tricks to help train your dog? learn helpful tips and tricks    






we welcome dogs of all kinds into our boarding & training programs   any age although puppies are easier to train, old dogs can still learn new tricks. we have training programs that will teach any dog to obey commands.   any breed breeds like pitbulls and rotweilers are natural born leaders. we help you teach them that you are the leader of the family.   unaltered unlike other facilities, we accept dogs that are not neutered or spayed into our boarding and training programs.   



improve your dog's behavior through socialization and training with boarding services     your pup will love staying with us at our dog boarding facility whether you're traveling without your dog, or you are interested in enrolling them in our esteemed dog boarding school in fountain inn, sc, we have several different boarding options for you to best fit your needs as a dog owner. we also offer doggy daycare to give your pets the attention and interaction they deserve when you are away for the day. rest assured that we always take extensive measures to ensure our facility is clean and safe for pets and owners alike. view overnight boarding options learn about boarding school  


training and taking care of your dog is our passion!




connie and her staff are top-notch at what they 
do! they provide effective training techniques 
even for the most head-strong breeds. i will never 
go anywhere else for training… they have a 
customer for as long as i own dogs.

 kerri s. 





excellent place for both dog training and 
boarding. we did both beginner training and off 
leash training here and both were very successful. 
the staff is awesome and teaches both you and 
the dog. the boarding is reasonably priced and you 
know your dog is well taken care of. i highly 
recommend this place.

 justin j. 




read more testimonials





call us today to help you and your dog live life to the fullest! call now: (864) 862-8626





dog trainers workshop




















boarding training must read about us testimonialscontactmake a payment terms and conditions 







				the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 dog trainers workshop. all rights reserved. privacy policy 










 


powered by:
         
 











