


 gusen | willkommen  



























































ausblenden

news
the former camp complexbrief historygerman earth and stone works (dest)kz gusen i (langenstein)kz gusen ii (st. georgen/gusen)kz gusen iii (lungitz)kz mauthausen central campthe “bergkristall” underground plant at st. georgenthe “kellerbau” underground plant at gusenlife and death in the kz gusen campscruelties at kz gusen campsmedical experimentsgassings at kz gusen campsthe jewish prisoners of kz gusen iioutstanding personalitiesmarcel callostefan filipkiewiczjohann gruberpére jacques de jesusal kosiek & louis haefligercommemorating todaythe kz gusen memorialthe kz gusen visitors centerthe kz gusen audiowalkdenk.statt dr. johann gruberbewusstseinsregion mauthausen-gusen-st. georgenlocal-international commemorationscommemoration 2024commemoration 2023commemoration 2022commemoration 2021commemoration 2020city partnershipsempolisesto san giovanniabout usscopehonorary membersactive membersimprintspecial publications with contributions by gmc membersgusen - vorhof zur höllelife hanging on a spider webein leben am seidenen fadenst. georgen-gusen-mauthausengusen ii - leidensweg in 50 stationenbibliographycontact usvisit the former kz gusen complexgusen information map  










 




welcome to the gusen memorial committee
“as a resident of many camps, i can say that guzen was the worst. this is not to say that the conditions at the other camps were not dreadful. compared to guzen, however, one might almost say that those camps were paradises. the proof of this might be that guzen was one of the least known camps. this was not because it was smaller than the others – it might even have been the largest. it was unknown simply because very few of the tens of thousand of prisoners sent there remained alive to tell the story of its horrors.”
(rabbi rav yechezkel harfenes (when back to auschwitz) in ” bekaf hakela” (slingshot of hell), targum press, southfield michigan, 1988

 

latest news


poland's president duda honored ...

december 17th, 2024
the two founding members of the gusen memorial committee (gmc), martha gammer and prof. rudolf a. haunschmied, were awarded the virtus et ... read more


outstanding new source edition on ...

november  5th, 2024
one further important standard work on the history of the former gusen concentration camp complex is now available in german language with the ... read more


joint commemorations of mauthausen ...

february  9th, 2024
from may 2024, the mauthausen memorial and the gusen memorial committee (gmc) will organize the annual local-international commemorations at ... read more




 


							visit us on
							


							visit us on
							





 

#remembergusen






latest

poland's president duda honored martha gammer and rudolf haunschmied
outstanding new source edition on former gusen concentration camp complex
joint commemorations of mauthausen memorial and gusen memorial committee at gusen
marcel callo exhibition in st. georgen
generational change on the board of the gusen memorial committee (gmc)



quick message




name: 


email: 


subject: 
message: 



captcha:(small letters and numbers only)


check: 


the fields marked in red are mandatory fields. javascript and cookies must be activated.





imprint
gusen memorial committee
sperlhang 4
						4222 st. georgen/gusen
						austria










101.53.234.133		
