










styles 101: hair, nails, makeup, updos, skin care hair color advice














welcome to the world of styles 101!styles 101 offers hair style, hair care, updo, hair color, makeup, skin care, nail care and natural recipe techniques and advice. created by stylists for real woman. you'll find updo how to's, long lasting makeup tips, eyeshadow applications, step by step guides to styling your hair, home made natural beauty recipes, skin care advice, artificial nail tips, treating yourself to a step by step manicure or pedicure, watch instructional videos on how to do a french twist or how to apply hair color. learn how hair color works and how to choose your hair color shade. check out the latest beauty coupons and savings. styles 101 has everything a real woman needs to feel beautiful from the inside out! sit back relax and style that hair!!!! home         hair       styling       updos      make up         skin carehair color       nails        books       natural recipes        beauty coupons & sales
home curly hair. how to care for your curly hair. how to use a diffuser and tame frizzy hair.flat irons. all you need to know about straightening irons. styling your hair with a straightening iron.facial shapes. choosing a hairstyle for your facial shape. what updo works with your facial shape. will side bangs look good on you? narrow faces. round facesgallery links. links of hairstyle and updo picture galleries. featured beauty articles ....::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;;;;;;hair styling articles:----------------------------------------------.....................> > > beauty editor's best deals steals & freebie finds!lip balms -- up to $2coupons -- up to $100 savings$3 off on select olay.buy 1 get 1 50% off covergirl!$1 off select olay!buy 3 opi nail polish save $3salon hair care -- up to 60%skin care -- up to 30%hair care -- up to 60%freebies with purchasesuncare -- up to 20%freebies w/purchase beauty.com
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::blowdrying your hair. understand he new ionic, ceramic technology. blow-drying curly hair straight or using a diffuser.how to use hot rollers. step by step instructions to curling your hair with hot rollers.styling with a flat iron. step by step instructions. how tos. does flat irioning damage your hair? tips and tricks.volumizing tips.volumizing hair tips. big sexy hair.styling videos and how tos'. how to styling videos. step by step instructions for updos and hairstylingextensions. beyond extended - traveling the route of hair extensions.maintaining your hair color. are salon products really better? using the correct shampoo for colored hair is vitally important. millions of women color their hair, yet only a small percentage spend the extra money to maintain that color. why salon hair care products cost moretop hair color products. products to maintain your hair color.hair color books. take a look at some great hair coloring books and guides.hair color terminology. what's a foil? what does a level mean or a tone. learn how to understand the color world!hair coloring tips & tricks. find solutions for hair color problems. your hair color is fading and won't stay, your hair color is green, hair  coloring grey hair, coloring during pregnancy, neutralizing bad hair colors and more.highlights and lowlights. highlights and lowlights are spot hair color processes. highlightening your hair. adding lowlights for depth in your hair color.lightening your hair. how hair bleach workshow hair color works. to understand exactly how hair color works, you must know the 2 key ingredients that cause the whole hair coloring process to take place ... how hair color works.correct hair color for you. many elements factor in when coloring your hair: your skin tones, eye color, your natural and artificial hair color all play a big role in which hair color will look great on you. choose you hair color.hair color articles:-------------------------------------------------hair care articles:-------------------------------------------------caring for children's hair... tips on children's haircuts, buying children's hair products for a reason.choosing a new salon. what to look for when looking for a new hair salondandruff. natural cures for dandruff. what is dandruff and how to cure dandrufffrizzy hair. how to cure the frizzies and to tame your frizzy hair.color enhancers for grey hair. coloring grey hair. what hair color to use on grey hair. yellowing grey hairfaster hair growth. how to speed hair growth with natural recipes and other growing hair faster tipshard water and your hair. how to remove hard water build up from your hair. hard water shampoos and natural rinses.lice. how to get rid of licemixed texture hair. how to tame curly and straight hair.oily hair. is your hair very oily? tips on oily hair care.perming your hair. is it safe to perm your hair while pregnant?how to get shiny hair. tips and tricks to shiner hair.finding a new stylist. what you need to know when looking for a new hairdresser.bad hair cut. how to deal with a bad hair cut. updo  articles:---------------------------------------------------facial shapes. choosing an updo for your facial shape. what updo styles to look best for your facial shape and what to updos to avoid. gallery links. need ideas? looking for an updo picture to show your stylist? we've compiled a great list of some of the best sites on the web, dealing with updos & styling. browse our updo pictures gallery links how tos'.  updo how tos' we've provided you with step by step hairstyles and instructions to creating updos. how to updos such as french twist, messy updo, curls, pinned curls and more updos.updo tips and tricks. step by step hairstyles tips. updo tricks. working with your hair stylist. choosing the perfect look. short hair styling and updos. updo tricks for short hair. short hair styles and short updo tricks.hair pieces. tips on creating extra volume with hair pieces when styling updos. big day hair. bridal tips to make your updo exactly what you want while working with your stylist.updo books. our hand picked list of some really great updo and styling books, filled with step by step guides and loads of pictures.updo hair appointment. all you should know before heading to the salon.choosing your bridal headpiece. when choosing your headpiece or veil, keep in mind how you would like to wear your hair. the two go hand in hand. here's a few tips when choosing your accessories:makeup  articles:------------------------------------------skin care articles------------------------------------------::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::take the quiz- products based on your skin’s needs with  active ingredients to best address your individual concerns. create a personalized skin care regimen – just for you!  beauty.com> > >   personalized skin analysis tool
skin care ingredients. know what's in your skin care products and the result they have on your face. cellulite. cellulite refers to the dimpled appearance of the skin that forms over thighs and buttocks and tends to be more pronounced in older women.skin care solutions. information on psoriasis, acne, rosacea, broken capillaries, enlarged pores, puffy eyes, dark circles, sallow complexion, age spots, wrinkles, eczema, varicose veins, black heads, millia, dry skin, combination skin, oily skin, sensitive skin.stretch marks. can you get rid of stretch marks?wrinkles. stop time and wrinkles now. understand what happens in your 20,30 and 40s and prepare your skin from aging.skin care books. best of the best in natural beauty recipe books, cure for acne, prevent wrinkles. alpha hydrox. alpha hydroxy acids naturally exfoliate the skin. diminish wrinkles and fine lines and can clear pimples.hair removal. excess facial hair. methods to removing excess hair.skin care natural recipes. pamper your skin the natural way! natural facial cleansers, toners, facial masks with avocado. coconut milk. make your own natural beauty recipes at home!why do i have acne? understanding why your skin breaks out is your acne fighting best line of deffence. acne myths.flawless makeup application. step by step instructions to the perfect makeup application. discover how to use the right makeup brushes and what they are for.blush application tips. step by step instructions how to use blush. contour your cheeks with blush the correct way. minimize flaws.contouring and highlighting your facial features. learn how to properly contour and highlight your facial features with make up. make a large forehead appear smaller. shrink the size of your nose with the stroke of a makeup brush.long lasting makeup tips. stay put makeup tips.corrective concealing with makeup. how to camouflage pimples. off-set a wide nose. using corrective concealers: green concealer, yellow and lavender.eyebrows. tweezing your eyebrows. the perfect eyebrow for your facial and eye shape. closet eyes, deep set, small eyes. eye liner. how to use liquid liner and pencil liner to make your eyes look bigger or smaller. tips and tricks on using eye liner.asian makeup. everything and everything about asian makeup tips. how to choose a yellow foundation and where to buy. eye shadow applications methods to make eyes look bigger or smaller. how to apply eye makeup to greasy lids and no lid eyeshadow tips and more.self tanners. tips on how to apply self tanners and how to avoid looking orange.natural cosmetic recipes. make your own home made makeup with these simple beauty recipesapplying mascara. how to apply mascara to make lashes longer. mascara tips. how to get the look and more.lips. types of lipsticks. applying lipstick. tips to the perfect lipstickapplying foundation. types of foundations. applying foundation. choosing your foundation color. long lasting foundation tips.eye shapes. how to make eyes look bigger or smaller. applying makeup to almond shaped eyes, deep set, wide set. eye shape makeup tips.makeup books. great list of makeup bookseyeshadow application. everything and anything you want to know about applying eyeshadow. tips to make cat eyes, smokey eyes, make your eyes bigger or smaller and more.nail solutions. we've complied some great tips to keeping your nails and cuticles healthy and looking great.thick, yellow nails, blue nails, white spots on nails, nail fungus, bacterial infections,ingrown nails, spooning, curling, pitting in nails. nail diseases and disordersartificial nails.more durable then natural nails. polish lasts much longer and usually never chips. learn about silk nail wraps, gel nails, fiberglass wraps, sculptured nails and more in artificial nailsmanicures. a weekly manicure can do wonders for your nails and cuticles. soften cuticle, nail manicure tips. watch manicuring videos. do it yourself , step by step manicure instructions here's how: manicurenail fungus. what is nail fungus. how to treat it. natural home made recipes to treat nail fungus.nail polish. getting the perfect finish to your nail polish. ton of nail polish tips.fast ways to dry nail polish. all you need to do to prevent chipping nail polish. longer lasting polish tipsweak, brittle nails. nail growing tips. strengthen your nails. reasons why your nails are weak. make you nails stronger.flattering feet. article on how to treat your feet right. pamper those 10 little piggies. caring for your toes with these simple toenail tips.natural nail care recipes. pamper your hands, feet, nails and cuticle with these natural nail care recipes.pedicures. save money in the cooler months by treating your feet to a home pedicure. step by step instructions on giving yourself a pedicure.beautiful nail tips. article on tips to keep your nails healthy and beautiful. cuticle care. healthy growing nails. nails care tips and tricksfrench manicure. step by step instructions on how to give yourself a french manicure. tips and tricks. french manicure video guides. more in french manicurenail  articles:----------------------------------------------     natural recipe articles-----------------------------------nail care recipes. create your own natural nail care recipes using simple and quick homemade nail care recipes. cuticle creams. foot soaks for manicures and pedicures.makeup recipes. create your own natural makeup using simple and quick homemade makeup recipes.hair styling recipes. create your own natural hair styling products using simple and quick homemade hair styling products recipes. homemade hairspray and gel.hair care recipes. create your own natural hair care using simple and quick homemade hair care recipes for deep conditioners using mayonnaise, coconut milk, avocados and more. create hair rinses to remove minerals from the hair or to make your hair shiny! shampoo recipes. and general conditioners.skin care recipes. create your own natural skin care using simple and quick homemade skin care recipes for lotions, masks, moisturizers cleansers and toners,styles 101 articles-----------------------------------------------------------...........................................................................................................................copyright © styles101.com












 





web



www.styles101.com












phyto   l   biolage by matrix   l   bumble and bumble   l   jonathan product   l   pureology   l   rusk   l   biosilk   l   chi   l   modern organic products   l     philosophy   l   oscar blandi   l   frederic fekkai   l   l'occitane    l   ojon  l   rene furterer   l    alterna   l   burts bees   l  pantene   l   aussie   l   neutrogena shampoos   l   conditioners   l   hair masks & treatments   l   styling products   l   natural hair care   l   salon hair care  lethnic hair care   l   hair color   l      hair regrowth   l  all  home perms & straighteners   l   brushes & accessories   l   men's hair care   l    children's hair care   l   hair appliances   l   blowdryers   l   straightening irons   l   hot rollers   l   hair care specialsshop hair care ---->shop by brand ---->sponsored by drugstore.com, beauty.com & sephora.combaby care recipes. baby wipes, ointments, creams and more. natural baby recipes you can make at homefaster, healthy growing nails. tips on how to grow your nails faster and healthier. homemade natural recipes, growing tips and nail strength.acrylic nails. how to care for your acrylic nails. benefits of acrylics, tips and more.gel nails. how to care for your gel nails. gels vs. acrylics, tips and more.artificial nails.more durable then natural nails. polish lasts much longer and usually never chips. learn about silk nail wraps, gel nails, fiberglass wraps, sculptured nails and more in artificial nailsacrylic nails. how to care for your acrylic nails. benefits of acrylics, tips and more.corrective concealing with makeup. how to camouflage pimples. off-set a wide nose. using corrective concealers: green concealer, yellow and lavender.highlights and lowlights. highlights and lowlights are spot hair color processes. highlightening your hair. adding lowlights for depth in your hair color.lightening your hair. how hair bleach works amazon.com widgetsnourishing facial serumingredients: 3 tbs almond oil, 5 drops chamomile essential oil, 10 drops neroli essential oildirections: add almond oil to a dark, glass dropper bottle. next,  add the essential oils, shake well. apply 2 drops to face and neck after washing. almond oil is highly moisturizing and easily absorbed into the skin. neroli eo is commonly used to restore elasticity of the skin. while chamomile is soothing.> > >  featured  home brews .....................brown sugar contains molasses. molasses are very moisturizing and the sugar has the best texture for a body scrub. you can use this straight or add a small amount of a carrier oil for even more moisture. works great!brown sugar body scrubingredients: 3/4 cup brown sugardirections: apply to damp skin in the shower in circular motions. start from the feet and work your way up scrubbing the entire body. you skin will feel silky smooth and ready for the warm weather!5 star review: although there are a few styles in the book i really didnt like, its packed with cute, gorgeous, elegant styles, and if you know anything about hair its not that hard to follow the instructions! i'm very satisfied with this book! .. read more reviewsbook description: going to a hairstylist before every special occasion can be both expensive and time-consuming. it’s much more convenient, and very easy, to create the perfect hairstyle right at home! here are 100 classic, salon-quality styles that any non-professional can handle, all shown with full-color photographs that detail every step, as well as information on essential supplies and basic techniques. there are “dos” for any length, mood, and occasion, from a night out at the hottest club to the fanciest wedding. select from elegant chignons, waterfalls of curls that cascade down your back, or loose, playful tendrils that frame the face. some have jewel or flower adornments, while others feature braids, twists, and hair weaves. every look is beautiful and unique.how to apply shellac nail polish. if you can paint your nails you can apply cnd's shellac polish at home! see why this is styles 101 new favorite product!how to apply shellac nail polish. if you can paint your nails you can apply cnd's shellac polish at home! see why this is styles 101 new favorite product!









