






custom wrought iron & ornamental steel driveway & pedestrian gates, gate operators & automation, complete installation, maintenance & repair services | sculptural gates-beautiful custom design & craftsmanship. artistic engineering coupled with professional service.


























707.938.1127  (ca license #394536)
sales@sculpturalgates.com















home
about us
our facility
services
gallery
testimonials
 


select page


  
 
 


















there is a difference in the way a gate is built and installed – take the above video tour to see how we design, build, and install gates and gate automation!



sculptural gates
we offer comprehensive services for all aspects of your driveway gate project – all under one roof.

comprehensive design & build services
custom-built ornamental driveway gates, pedestrian gates & fencing
complete installation including site survey
gate automation, access control, electrical & solar options available
maintenance service, repairs & upgrades

we work with every client to custom tailor each project to their specific application and satisfaction. we consider the design aspect of the entire project to ensure that the job will culminate in a complete look that is balanced and flows with the natural surroundings.
sculptural gates will design, build and install your complete automated gate system. from the initial site survey to your finished entryway, sculptural gates is with you every step of the way!
we invite you to take our video tour, browse our company profile pages, and view our many custom gate photographs.
we are licensed by the state of california as an ornamental iron and electrical contractor.







take a look at a few recent projects…







dgb-084bell curve driveway & arch top pedestrian gate w/ rustic reclaimed wood panels





dgb-007bell curve driveway gate w/ recessed panels & modern design





dgb-002abell curve bi-parting driveway gate w/ grape vine window & custom i-beam overhead





dga-089arch top bi-parting driveway gate w/ bottom panel detail





dgc-090concave bi-parting driveway gate w/ arch top pedestrian gate. bronze frame w/ teak infill





pg-044arch top bi-parting pedestrian gate w/ elegant scroll work





pg-037flat top pedestrian gate w/ frosted glass panels





dgf-165flat top driveway gate & security panels – bare metal basket weave





dgf-161flat top driveway gate w/ tree motif





dgf-150flat top bi-parting driveway gate w/ horizontal rails of variable width





dgf-147flat top driveway gate w/ metal frame & wood horizontal slats





completed project
view gate gallery







our services


designfabricationinstallationservice & repair



sculptural gates design services
we provide design services for residential, commercial and gated community entry ways. click here to view all our services
 

sculptural gates fabrication services
all fabrication is performed in our sonoma facility by experienced welders and craftsman. click here to view all our services

sculptural gates installation services
we provide complete installation services performed by experienced technicians. click here to view all our services

sculptural gates repair & maintenance services
gate won’t open? problems with your driveway gate automation? give us a call! our experienced technicians can diagnose and correct any issues you have with your system. in addition, sculptural gates highly recommends annual maintenance and will gladly perform these services. click here to view all our services









see what our customers have to say…







…donovan and his crew are to be considered at the top of the list for their work and attention to detail. sculptural gates was tasked with a difficult and challenging project which they performed very well. it was evident that they took the time, effort and energy to think through all of the conditions and special circumstances that were a part of my project…” read entire testimonial
raymond brian greer
driveway gate installaion






…what customer service! we can’t say enough about what a professional donovan is, and what an amazing command of his business, the electronics, the mechanical requirements and the follow-up he provides… read entire testimonial
rosy rogers
driveway gate & automation installation






…after a few months of back and forth and my comparing prices from a number of gate makers, we decided to have donovan make our gate.  it turned out stunning!  not only did he build the gate but also installed the solar power for the operations. donovan was incredibly professional…i couldn’t recommend donovan and sculptural gates any higher…read entire testimonial
jill russo
custom driveway gate with solar powered automation








ready to get started? questions?give us a call at 707.938.1127 or send us an email - one of our customer service reps will respond to you as soon as possible.

email



 









 

































