









home - maryland nonprofits
























































































facebook




x


linkedinjoin
events

calendar
2024 sponsorship opportunities


jobs
donate
login
 












about

mission, vision, values
history
staff and board
annual reports
news
blog
donate to maryland nonprofits
store
contact


nonprofits: get help

raise money
strengthen my board
advocate for my mission
nonprofit accelerator
nonprofit development center
nonprofit learning library
service provider directory


what we offer

standards for excellence
membership

nonprofit member benefits
associate member benefits
member directory


maryland latinos unidos

maryland latinos unidos – en español


marfy

join marfy


consulting & legal

our consultants
customized training
bylaws review
flat fee annual compliance package
nonprofit governance assessment


start a nonprofit

nonprofit startup packages
do-it-yourself steps to start a nonprofit
professional development




our impact

standards accreditation and recognition
advocacy

public policy updates
decade of policy with maryland nonprofits


nonprofit research
maryland quality of life dashboard
charge up collaborative


support nonprofits

donate
volunteer
advocate
my business offers services to nonprofits
2024 sponsorship opportunities


 





select page


  
 



 







home of the standards for excellence institute



 





















self assessment quiz


















start a nonprofit
let our expert consultants assist you, or learn how to do it yourself.

get started



join today!
resources to help your nonprofit grow, connect, and advocate.

join today



support nonprofits
make a donation, volunteer, provide services, or work in the sector.

give support



our impact
the latest news on how our programs are making a difference.

learn more


















build the strong foundation your nonprofit needs to effectively serve your community. strengthen your management, operations, and governance. stretch your dollars and maximize your budget. advocate for your mission. make connections and collaborate.

join maryland nonprofits









latest news










a new version of the standards for excellence to be launched in two days

in just two days, february 20th, a new version of the standards for excellence: an ethics and accountability code for the nonprofit sector, will be officially launched.

 
expand article 







press release: maryland nonprofits urges federal government to lift the pause on grants

maryland nonprofits urges federal government to lift the pause on grants, provide adequate notice for funding changes, honor existing contracts, and maintain essential services.
 
expand article 







take action: testimony needed by monday to support raising indirect cost minimum rate

by henry bogdan, public policy director, maryland nonprofits  the senate budget and tax committee is hearing sb 127 by senator kagan “state government - grants and contracts - reimbursement of indirect costs” on next wednesday jan. 22. testimony... 
expand article 







honoring david l. thompson with the lifetime service award

this recognition was presented during our 2025 legislative preview on january 13, 2025.
 
expand article 







nancy hall: we will always remember you with great love

nancy hall, a teacher, a mentor, and a godmother of maryland’s nonprofit sector, died on december 21, 2024.
 
expand article 







congratulations to the arc central chesapeake region on their accreditation renewal

being an accredited nonprofit sets the organization apart as a top performer in the nonprofit field.
 
expand article 







maryland nonprofits face overly complex processes and inadequate funding structures

government grantmaking must allow for accessible and transparent processes to ensure equitable access to transformative funding opportunities.
 
expand article 







standards for excellence institute® licensed consultant class of november 2024

the standards for excellence institute announces its 2024 class of licensed consultants.
 
expand article 







release: maryland nonprofits unveils new brand during 2024 annual conference

for immediate release october 28, 2024 - baltimore, md maryland nonprofits, which represents over 1,800 member organizations and advocates on behalf of 40,000 nonprofits across the state, has unveiled a new comprehensive brand as part of its... 
expand article 







commemorating disability employment awareness month and our new nonprofit member: izzie

“access to good jobs for all” is the theme for the 2024 national disability employment awareness month.
 
expand article 















nonprofits in maryland: by the numbers






nonprofits in maryland




workers in maryland employed by a nonprofit




of marylanders volunteer




billion dollars given by maryland residents to charity annually







sign up for newsletter updates!



name*


first name



last name

email address*

captcha
 


















































location & contact





1500 union avenuesuite 2500baltimore, md 21211410.727.6367

get directions

find us on social media

privacy policy
terms of use

followfollowfollowfollow

share feedback



blog




a new version of the standards for excellence to be launched in two days

feb 18, 2025in just two days, february 20th, a new version of the standards for excellence: an ethics and accountability code for the nonprofit sector, will be officially launched.




press release: maryland nonprofits urges federal government to lift the pause on grants

jan 29, 2025maryland nonprofits urges federal government to lift the pause on grants, provide adequate notice for funding changes, honor existing contracts, and maintain essential services.




take action: testimony needed by monday to support raising indirect cost minimum rate

jan 17, 2025by henry bogdan, public policy director, maryland nonprofits  the senate...






quick links

about
donate
contact




 




 












































