

 






lawyers near me - bucks, delaware, montgomery county, pa





















































						make a payment
				

credit card or ach
venmo or paypal 


610.275.0700














our law firm

about us
norristown law office
doylestown law office
feasterville law office
wayne law office
law firm history
legal staff
legal careers


legal services

col1

adr – alternative dispute resolution

business adr
employment adr
estates adr
family law adr


appellate law
business law

business litigation
commercial lease
mergers and acquisitions
intellectual property law
non-profit law
business formation
starting a small business


criminal law

felony
white collar crime
military crimes
drug offenses
dui offenses
misdemeanors
traffic violations
summary offenses




col2

construction law

construction litigation


education law

independent school law
public school law
school district law


employment law

employee handbooks
employment discrimination
restrictive covenants
wage pay & collections


environmental and energy law
estate planning

advanced healthcare directives
probate law
guardianships
power of attorney
trusts
estate litigation
wills




col3

family law

adoption in pa
marital agreements
adr
custody
child support
divorce
pfa orders
juvenile law
spousal support & alimony
guardianship of a minor


franchise law

commercial lease
franchise litigation


immigration law

how to become a u.s. citizen
applying for a green card
visa application
naturalization
tps
work visa sponsorship


intellectual property law

trademark law
copyright law




col4

litigation

regional litigation
construction litigation
local counsel & testimony


municipal & government law

environmental issues
eminent domain law
employment & labor
code enforcement
solicitor services


non-profit law
personal injury

car accidents
truck accidents
motorcycle accidents
dog bites
medical malpractice
nursing home abuse
slip and falls
wrongful death




col5

real estate law

affordable housing finance
zoning and land development
commercial properties
commercial lease
condominium complexes
eminent domain law
real estate tax law
real estate litigation


workers’ compensation

work injury compensation
workers' comp defense
workers' comp settlements
workers' comp claims






attorneys
legal insights

all legal blogs
employment law blogs
estate planning blogs
family law blogs
real estate law blogs
workers' comp law blogs


news
contact us
 







our lawyers get results.








 why work with our law firm?
locally, we've earned a reputation as one of the best law firms in bucks, delaware, and montgomery counties. but we're equally recognized throughout pennsylvania and regionally in the mid-atlantic. we also work with clients throughout the u.s. 
so, the next time you're trying to find a lawyer near you in the greater philadelphia area, call us. here's why.
first, you'll work with experienced attorneys with the knowledge and experience to tackle the most challenging legal issues. and they can do so at all levels, addressing local, state, and federal laws and courts. 
that includes trial courts through appeals to the superior and commonwealth courts. plus, federal courts of appeals and the state supreme court.
second, we staff our law offices with attorneys recognized by the legal industry across numerous practice areas. we're unlike smaller firms or solo law practices with a narrow or general focus. we can represent you with virtually any legal concern.
third, and most importantly, each lawyer at our firm recognizes that they serve you first. so they work to apply the law to your advantage by talking with you, listening, and understanding your concerns.
our focus is simple -- getting you results.

explore our legal practices






 




we’re locally grounded, but nationally recognized

high swartz llp isn't your ordinary suburban law firm. instead, our practice includes some of the best lawyers in the metro philadelphia region. and each lawyer owns a focused practice area that extends nationally in scope.
best lawyers® "best law firms" and "best lawyers in america® recognized our firm and its attorneys with numerous honors:

the best lawyers in america© 2025 edition includes 15 high swartz attorneys.  it also mentions our attorneys in the lawyer of the year and ones to watch editions.
our firm garnered national recognition for real estate litigation, land use, and zoning law. 
we received honors for the metropolitan philadelphia area across 14 practice areas, including numerous mentions for our litigation skill. 

apart from industry accolades, we're equally proud of our google reviews. our clients rate our services at 4.6. read the reviews below to see what they say about our attorneys and firm.
then, call our law offices next time you need to find an attorney near you. we'll work with you to deliver the best results.




































 experienced attorneys focused on your legal challenges
our law firm has a long-standing and distinguished reputation dating back to 1914. our headquarters is in norristown, pa, steps from the montgomery county courthouse.
in 2016, we added a second office in doylestown, pa, after merging with mcnamara, bolla & panzer. that merger expanded our legal services to provide even broader representation for our clients.
in 2024, we added a satellite office in wayne, pa expanding and strengthening our presence along the main line. in 2025, we increased our bucks county footprint by opening a feasterville law office, just outside northeast philadelphia.
unlike other law firms that offer limited areas of legal experience, we can represent you across virtually any legal matter. so we can provide you with legal counsel for personal issues like a divorce, car accidents, or child custody. or support your business with a critical merger and acquisition.
our lawyers work with clients of all types. they include individuals, small businesses, corporations, non-profits, educational institutions, and government agencies. regardless of your stature, you have our promise that our lawyers will remain in close communication.
our lawyers start by listening to you

we know that listening is what counts most. we need to understand your concerns and goals before tackling the legal considerations. most importantly, our lawyers and attorneys want to address your problem with minimal disruption to your business or personal life.
we understand the personal stress that accompanies legal troubles. and that's true whether a family member suffered a personal injury or an employee filed a workers' compensation suit.
you can count on us to be your trusted partner through any legal trouble you face. that applies whether you're on the main line in and around philadelphia or on main streets in montgomery, delaware, or bucks county.  locally, our lawyers support individuals and businesses in these counties:
•	bucks county
•	chester county
•	delaware county
•	montgomery county
•	philadelphia county
but, our firm assists clients anywhere throughout the united states. and indeed, it owns national recognition for many of our legal services.









high swartz attorneys recognized by best lawyers® for 2024

view all our local attorneys 
								























david j. brooman
land use, zoning, and environmental lawyer
david has over three decades of experience in environmental law, zoning and land use, and environmental litigation. he heads the firm's municipal law group.
david is av® preeminent™ peer review rated by martindale-hubbell®. best lawyers in america® has also included brooman in its annual list since 2018. in addition, the main line's best lawyers and super lawyers® have honored him since 2018.

view full profile




 









mary cushing doherty
family lawyer
mary cushing doherty specializes in all aspects of family law, specifically divorce, mediation, arbitration, and family issues.
her accomplishments include:

av® preeminent™ peer review rated by martindale-hubbell®
recognized by super lawyers® as a top-rated family lawyer since its inception in 2004
best lawyers in america® for philadelphia family law, 1995 – present


view full profile




 









mark fischer, jr.
business litigation attorney
mark's commercial litigation practice represents businesses in legal matters involving contracts, construction, real estate, land use, zoning, and leasing.
he has spent several years as regional litigation counsel to a multinational retail company in the mid-atlantic states. mark also serves as assistant township solicitor to lower macungie township and on zoning matters for upper dublin township in pennsylvania.

view full profile




 









caitlin foley
family law attorney
caitlin foley is a highly skilled family attorney and advocates passionately for her clients during some of the most emotional times of their lives. caitlin focuses her family practice on divorce, custody, support, adoption, and mediation.
she is a certified mediator with the american council of mediators and practices family law in montgomery county and chester county.

view full profile




 









arn heller
commercial real estate attorney
real estate attorney arnold heller has a lifetime of experience in real estate transactional law and land development law. he advises various clients, including healthcare providers, condominium and planned community developers, and affordable housing developers.
arn is av® preeminent™ peer review rated by martindale-hubbell® and has been recognized by best lawyers since 2018.

view full profile




 









sean g. livesey
real estate law and zoning
sean is a montgomery county real estate attorney primarily focusing on real estate matters, which includes zoning and land development. he also consults with local businesses on property acquisitions, leasing, and real estate tax liability.
mr. livesey is also a member of the firm's municipal law group where he has acted as conflict solicitor to multiple montgomery county and bucks county townships.

view full profile




 









renata t. pabisz
immigration lawyer and estate planning attorney
renata is an english and polish-speaking attorney who listens to you and your family members while offering effective legal advice. she can also refer you to one of high swartz's attorneys and speak on your behalf.
she concentrates her practice on estate planning, probate, estate administration, and immigration.
renata has developed unique and lasting relationships with her immigration clients who return for additional services or refer family or friends throughout the years.

view full profile




 









gilbert p. high jr.
municipal lawyer & estates attorney
gil is recognized with an av preeminent peer review rating for professional excellence. his practice areas include municipal law, real estate, land use, estates, and trusts.
as a long-standing member of the legal community, he has received numerous awards:

av preeminent peer review rated by martindale-hubbell®
listed by pennsylvania super lawyers® as a top-rated state, local, and municipal attorney in norristown, pa, from 2006 to the present


view full profile




 









matthew t. hovey
municipal lawyer
matthew practices in multiple different legal areas such as civil litigation, zoning, land use, and real estate with an acute focus on municipal law. his municipal work includes multiple appointments in montgomery county and chester county.
his municipal work includes appointments to local zoning hearing boards, solicitorships, and conflict counsel to southeastern pennsylvania townships and boroughs.

view full profile




 









bill f. kerr, jr.
real estate attorney
bill kerr brings extensive real estate law experience to the metropolitan philadelphia area, including bucks and montgomery counties. his activities range from real estate taxation and eminent domain to land use and real estate valuation.
he has received awards from best lawyers in america® and the main line’s best lawyers since 2018. in addition, bill has experience as special zoning and development counsel to several southeastern pennsylvania municipalities.

view full profile




 









thomas e. panzer
municipal, zoning, and workers' comp lawyer
tom panzer focuses on litigation, zoning, land use, and workers’ compensation. he’s served numerous townships, municipalities, and counties in official positions and is a former treasurer of bucks county.
panzer is a highly regarded attorney with several prestigious awards:

av preeminent peer review rated by martindale-hubbell®
best lawyers in america®, workers’ compensation law since 2017
super lawyers® list, 2019 – present
consistently recognized on the top lawyers of the main line and western suburbs list


view full profile




 









don petrille, jr.
business & estate planning attorney
as a business lawyer, donald petrille, jr. primarily represents businesses and their shareholders as they wrestle with complex issues in today’s ever-changing legal environment.
don is also a member of the firm’s wills, trusts, estate planning, and probate team, where he advises clients on methods of wealth preservation and transfer and business succession planning.

view full profile




 









thomas d. rees
employment, litigation, and education attorney
as an employment lawyer, tom rees represents businesses and nonprofit organizations with employment concerns, including severance agreements, discrimination, sexual harassment, restrictive covenants, and trade secrets. he is also an employment arbitrator for the american arbitration association.
his honors include:

av preeminent peer review rated by martindale-hubbell®, the highest peer rating standard
pennsylvania super lawyers for employment law, 2007-present


view full profile




 









rich c. sokorai
personal injury lawyer & litigation
rich sokorai handles a variety of legal concerns, covering civil and business litigation, personal injury, real estate, municipal, and environmental law. since 2008, he has been a judge advocate for the pennsylvania army national guard.
sokorai has been honored by the main line’s best lawyers and best lawyers in america® for personal injury litigation since 2018. he also is a solicitor to newtown township in delaware county.

view full profile




 









shari williams
family lawyer
amily lawyer shari r. gelfont williams represents clients in the greater philadelphia area. her family law experience includes divorce, child support, alimony, custody, equitable distribution, adoption, and marital agreements.
a former bucks county assistant district attorney, williams is an experienced protection from abuse/pfa attorney, and active in the bucks county bar association pro bono pfa representation program.

view full profile




 





legal services that address your specific concerns



high swartz llp lawyers handle diverse legal concerns. as a result, you'll work with an experienced attorney knowledgeable in your specific legal matter. we'll provide dedicated knowledge ranging from struggles with divorce to structuring a significant business contract.
we'll represent you with a local attorney versed in specific practice areas. we cover nearly 20 legal practice areas. these include family law, real estate, personal injury, employment law, workers' compensation, and business formation and contracts. in total, we address a wide variety of legal matters.




equally important, that approach allows our lawyers to exchange legal insights with each other based on their specific practice areas. so, you'll receive more comprehensive counsel from our law offices to address your needs.
you can always count on getting the most comprehensive legal support to achieve the best results.


 


explore our wide scope of practice areas.





choose your path - services (1)


choose a practice areaappellate lawbusiness lawconstruction laweducation lawemployment lawenvironmental lawestate planningfamily lawfranchise lawimmigration lawintellectual property lawlitigationmunicipal & government lawnon-profit lawpersonal injuryreal estate lawsocial security disability lawworkers' compensation
 




















 
non-profit law
trust our non-profit lawyers to support your organization or business with formation, tax assessments, zoning, tax-exempt financing, even litigation matters.







 
workers’ compensation
when you need a workers comp lawyer in montgomery county or bucks county, call high swartz. we have more than four decades of experience representing clients with workers’ comp issues. 







 
litigation
our litigation lawyers handle trials, hearings, appeals, and pre-trial proceedings in federal and state courts in the tri-state area and mid-atlantic region.







 
adr - alternative dispute resolution
resolving legal disputes can be challenging and costly. fortunately, alternative dispute resolution (adr) is effective and efficient. it provides individuals and businesses a faster, more cost-effective, and often less contentious way to resolve disputes.







 
criminal law
criminal convictions have far-reaching consequences that can impact your life negatively. call our montgomery county criminal defense lawyers for the best defense.







 
immigration law
if you have a visa, green card, or citizenship issue, talk to an immigration lawyer near you. don’t undergo any immigration process without appropriate legal support. skontaktuj się z polskim prawnikiem w filadelfii.







 
municipal & government law
our municipal lawyers support townships, boroughs, zoning hearing boards, municipal authorities, and other government agencies with various legal concerns.







 
personal injury
if a third party's negligence or reckless behavior causes harm to you or a loved one, our injury lawyers will fight to get you compensated for your injuries.







 
education law
your focus is on your students, not legal concerns. trust our education lawyers to support you with everything from employment concerns to complex litigation.







 
franchise law
our franchise lawyers support you in all the critical variables for successful franchise ownership, including agreements, fdds, operating manuals, and sales.







 
environmental and energy law
it's not easy dealing with local, state, and federal regulatory agencies. our environmental lawyers can help ensure you comply to avoid those legal issues.







 
employment law
employment issues can pop up at any time. our employment lawyers can help with restrictive covenants, company policy creation, wpcl, and other concerns.







 
appellate law
appellate court requires the knowledge of a seasoned appeals attorney. our team can assist in the appeals process in your efforts to overturn the judgment.












what our clients are saying




divorce is not something i'd ever thought would happen, and it's got a lot of heartache attached to it. that being said, shari williams & jen gisondi have been a huge help in navigating this very sensitive family situation.
i also truly believe shari does what's best for her client's. what makes her terrific is she explains things in language i can understand & addresses my questions or concerns. shari & jen were with me every step of the way.


								jill m.	
							



we were very happy to have sean livesey assigned to be our real estate attorney, to explain and prepare the necessary paperwork and arrange the closing of our home in horsham, pa. during the stress of selling a home we had lived in for 46 years and the purchase of another home he guided us through the process and communicated regularly by phone and emails. i was able to supply the necessary documents on my part with his guidance. he also communicated with the buyer who felt confident in the process. i would recommend sean to anyone involved in needing his services and would seek him out if i have further need for a lawyer.


								john l.	
							



i have nothing but high praise for renata pabisz at high swartz! she was extremely helpful, yet friendly and personable in helping me with my us naturalization application! it seems to me the process would take a lot more time than the few months and two "in person" meetings we had. renata was always genuinely supportive and kind and responded very quickly to my email inquiries. i would recommend her to anyone in the bucks county area who needs support with uscis issues.


								krister h.	
							



i have worked with shari for about 5 years now, as she has represented me through some of the most challenging times in my life. i cannot express enough how truly grateful i am for her wealth of knowledge, flexibility and dedication. i wouldn't be able to do it without her. i thank her from the bottom of my heart and know my children will one day as well!


								brittani v.	
							



i cannot say enough good things about shari williams. she is extremely knowledgeable of family law, professional, and above all empathetic. she takes the time to get to know you on a personal level, and treats your case personally. shari has been handling my child support, custody, and divorce for the past two years and she is wonderful. she has a great sense of humor and is honest about outcomes and expectations from the get-go. i highly recommend shari.


								ayesha r.	
							



i found renata to be very professional, experienced and was very understanding. with no doubt, i would highly recommend her for a green card process.


								najeem k.	
							



glen-david is an excellent attorney when pursuing a commercial real estate tax assessment appeal in nj or pa. very knowledgeable of the jurisdictional procedures in both states and very responsive to the client's needs.


								jerome m.	
							



i have had a great experience with the legal services i have received and will continue to use high swartz in the future.


								stephanie d.	
							



it was a long legal process, but in the end, high swartz delivered. they worked with me and proved to be extremely accommodating.


								michael t.	
							



my experience was beyond my expectations. melissa boyd was professional, well prepared and represented me with knowledge and confidence. i would absolutely recommend her to anyone needing legal services.


								eileen b.	
							







legal insights







municipal law

municipal attorney matthew t. hovey’s zoning work may help reshape gun policies in pennsylvania

lower merion township’s alleged effort to regulate firearm sales through zoning laws has sparked a...










family law

prenuptial agreements in pa

thinking about a prenuptial agreement? you’re not alone. prenups are a good idea for couples...










estate planning

what is a living will?

a living will is a legal document that allows you to state your preferences for...










family law

do you need a divorce lawyer?

divorce is rarely simple, and the legal process can often feel overwhelming. while some may...










family law

what is a family lawyer

navigating family legal matters can be stressful and confusing. a family lawyer can guide you...





 view all legal insights



latest news







municipal law

municipal attorney matthew t. hovey’s zoning wor...

lower merion township’s alleged effort to regulate firearm sales through zoning laws has sparked a...










news

general practice attorney vincent a. guarna joins ...

high swartz llp is pleased to announce the addition of vincent a. guarna esquire, practicing...










news

high swartz llp ranked in best law firms® latest ...

high swartz llp earns national recognition as a tier 1 law firm in land use...










family law

mary cushing doherty presents at aaml penn seminar...

on september 24, 2024, mary cushing doherty presented at the aaml penn seminar series today...










news

high swartz client spotlight: timothy m. block, ph...

timothy m. block, phd, president of hepatitis b foundation and its baruch s. blumberg institute...





 view all latest news



our local law offices






montgomery county, pa
high swartz’s norristown office was built in 1935 and sits a block away from the montgomery county pa courthouse on east airy street.

40 east airy street  norristown, pa 19401  (610) 275-0700

learn about our norristown, pa law office









bucks county, pa
high swartz’s doylestown office is located just down the street from the bucks county pa courthouse and was built in 1897.

116 east court street doylestown, pa 18901  (215) 345-8888

learn about our doylestown, pa law office









delaware county, pa
high swartz’s wayne office is conveniently located in radnor township along the main line and offers our full range of legal services.

200 eagle road, suite 218
								 wayne, pa 19087(610) 975-4468

learn about our wayne, pa law office









bucks county, pa
high swartz’s lower bucks county law office is conveniently located in feasterville-trevose right outside northeast philadelphia.

412 e street rd  feasterville-trevose, pa 19053  (215) 354-1100

learn about our feasterville-trevose, pa law office














our law offices


doylestown law office
					116 east court street
					doylestown, pa 18901
					(215)345-8888
wayne law office
					200 eagle road, suite 218
					wayne, pa 19087
					(610)975-4468


norristown law office
					40 east airy street
					norristown, pa 19401
					(610)275-0700
feasterville-trevose law office
					412 e street rd
					feasterville-trevose, pa 19053
					(215)354-1100




stay connected

			we have offices conveniently located surrounding the greater philadelphia area. our pennsylvania offices are located in norristown, doylestown, wayne and feasterville-trevose.
			

  
  
  
  
  





						make a payment
				

credit card or ach
venmo or paypal 





terms & conditions
privacy policy
sitemap

© 2025 by high swartz llp. all rights reserved.



navigate our legal services 
adr – alternative dispute resolution
appellate law
business law
construction law
criminal law
education law
employment law
environmental and energy law
estate planning
family law
franchise law
immigration law
intellectual property law
litigation
municipal & government law
non-profit law
personal injury
real estate law
social security disability law
workers’ compensation
 high swartz law firm is committed to providing efficient and responsive full-service legal representation to businesses, public and privately-held entities, educational institutions, nonprofit organizations, municipalities and individuals throughout pennsylvania, new jersey and the mid-atlantic region.
the information on this page is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice. while we strive to ensure the content of this website is accurate and up-to-date, laws and legal processes vary significantly based on location and individual circumstances. the content included herein should not be used as a substitute for consulting with a qualified attorney. for advice tailored to your legal matter, please contact our law offices to speak with one of our experienced local attorneys.





























