



8mm, super-8 and 16mm films & movie projectors



we must  return to being

one nation under god



	
						    
	
	  











all images copyright 
							1999-2025 by phil johnson






phil's 8mm, super-8 and 16mm films
					movie projectors - movie posters & collectibles

.


8mm16mmfilms.com










vintage original movie posters - classic vintage 8mm , super-8 and 16mm movie 
			films - movie projectors and supplies - projector bulbs and lamps - movie memorabilia , 
			figurines and other movie & film collectibles !  everything needed for 
			film collecting and the movie or film collector and hobbyist !  


site updated february 3, 
					2025

see the links just below, or 
			scroll down to the links at the bottom of this page, to navigate this site.











if you
    need a movie projector for 8mm - super-8 or 16mm film you have come to the right place.
    there are always lots of rebuilt, refurbished & guaranteed 8mm, super-8 and 16mm 
					
 
movie projectors available.







8mm projectors





16mm projectors






							super-8  projectors








 

movie projector bulbs and 
			lamps
 







please read the following:

this site
    offers a large selection of 8mm, super 8 and 16mm
    movie film subjects such as the popular castle films and blackhawk films,
    cartoons, classic short subjects and comedy films, trailers, antique promotional commercial films and complete features.
										new titles are added 
			all the time.many new super-8 films in the process of being 
				added right now.







								  please note!! most older movies on television, 
								  turner classic movies and almost all dvd's are now sped up by a 
			degree of 5 to 10%. this makes movement of the image in most cases 
			unnatural and (to me anyway) unwatchable. it is especially bad when 
			it is a movie or tv show you have seen many times before in the 
			correct speed. soon the only way to see an older movie that is not 
			corrupted is to watch film itself, or find some of the older vhs or betamax tapes. 
								  tcm also shows many of the movies with faulty 
								  or corrupted rendering of the image, making 
								  the picture look jumpy or jerking in some way.
								  today; december 28, 2020; i posted a comment 
								  about this concern on tcm's facebook page and 
								  they immediately removed it. i then posted 
								  another comment about why they removed my 
								  first comment and they immediately removed 
								  that. however i did take a screenshot of my 
								  comments posted both times, just before they 
								  removed them.here they are:
								  
								  post #1 and
								  
								  post #2.i don't understamd why they 
								  don't want this revealed. i am sure other long 
								  term movie fans would like to know.





						  also: 


	8mm, super-8, 16mm movie projectors - 
						  movie 
						  film supplies and projector bulbs & lamps  - 
						  
						  home movie cameras & 3d viewers  - 
						  
						  movie books & magazines  - 
						  
						  hollywood and cartoon character collectibles & 
						  figurines  - original 
	old movie posters  - 
						  vinyl lp 
						  records  - 
						  
						  laser discs & laser disc sets.




						  this site is arranged like a family tree and the links 
						  to the parent pages in this site are above and at the 
						  bottom of this page. the listings in this web site are 
						  always up-to-date. items sold are immediately removed 
						  from the lists and new items are added on almost a 
						  daily basis, so check back often.
 
*** click refresh or 
	reload at the top of your browser to be sure you have the latest version of 
	each page. i update them often! ***



i can accept
    credit cards  ,
    paypal, or postal money orders:


    










go
    to order information for my
    contact information
and how to order.










							super-8 features










							vintage 8mm, super-8 & 16mm films 

							more movie films listed every few days. click the 
							link above to go to all the 16mm, 8mm and super-8 
							films pages!  

see the links at the 
							bottom of this page 
 
							for films, film supplies, projectors, movie posters, 
							collectibles, posters, laser discs, lp records and books.



16mm features
 b&w  
							
							color












ii chronicles 7:14 - if
    my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my
    face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will i hear from heaven, and will forgive
    their sin, and will heal their land.
read: romans 1: 18 - 32

as you search for the spiritual connection we all strive for, please keep 
	your heart open to know the one true and living god. because of his 
	unconditional love for us, he has given us 
	redemption for our sins; if we accept it; not in the terms we dictate to 
	him, but under the provision he made for us through his son jesus christ. 
	the only way to the father is through the son, and that gift is given to
    every person who receives it in their heart. 


					romans 10:9-10 new international version (niv) 9  
					if you declare with your mouth jesus is lord, and believe in 
					your heart that god raised him from the dead, you will be 
					saved. 10  for it is with your heart that you believe and 
					are justified, and it is with your mouth that you profess 
					your faith and are saved.always stand firm in christ our lord. please pray for our country and all our leaders.

i am proud of the faith in god through jesus christ that is the
    cornerstone of the foundation of the united states. this is my culture and heritage, not germany or any other
    country or culture my ancestors may be from. immigrants are welcome, but they need to
    tolerate our heritage and culture. if our heritage and culture offends them or anyone
    else, no one is forcing them to stay.  pluralism is destroying this country.

this says
    it all  and 
where is the outrage?    added in april 2009.

fact 
					check this first, then remember it on election day:

the republican party of the 
					united states of america was partially founded in a 
					schoolhouse in ripon, wisconsin. purpose: to counter the 
					democrats plans to expand slavery in america. every american 
					should remember this important bit of american history on 
					election day !
see: 

the 
					inconvenient truth about the democratic party

( critical to this 
					rating is the over simplification of the democrat party's 
					stance. the majority of democrats did indeed support an 
					expansion of slavery, but not all. northern democrats 
					opposed that expansion, some of whom abandoned the party to 
					help create the republican party.)





this is powerful. jesus can return any time.

watch
this video


go to contents of
phil's vintage movie films and collectibles: 







8mm, super-8 & 16mm movie films


movie projectors 
					- projector bulbs & supplies


cameras and 3d viewers


original movie posters


animation and movie figurines
    & collectibles


movie books and
    magazines


vinyl lp records


laser discs


photos 
-
    
links


order & contact information




email or call me 
	(order & contact information) if
you need to find out more about something i have listed,  or are ready to order.


this site is designed and copyright 1999 - 2025 by phil johnson

