































vermont health insurance | bluecross blueshield of vermont











skip to main site navigation
skip to main content



























members


providers


employers


brokers


about




contactpay bill


log in


member login


provider login


employer login


broker login





search




search site
















our plans


shop and compare plans


understanding health insurance


plans for


individuals and families


employers and groups


medicare


vision




find a doctor


find a doctor near you


find a dentist


find a truhearing doctor


find a vsp eye doctor


telemedicine care


additional resources




pharmacies & medications


find a pharmacy


lists of covered medications


home delivery pharmacy




health & community


community programs and events


your health and wellness


our blog


news













vermont health insurance plans












understanding your outline of coverage

how can you quickly find the benefits included in your health plan and what your costs will be? check out your outline of coverage, a handy resource to help you understand your benefits, especially when visiting a new provider or planning for inpatient or outpatient services.

learn more











shop for our plans


offering health insurance for individuals, families, employers and medicare, our health plans give you coverage that’s focused on your health and well-being. we are here to help answer your questions and find the plan that fits your needs.











individuals & families

we offer three levels of qualified health plans that all provide essential health benefits coverage.









employers

whether you own a small business or are an hr leader in a large business in vermont, we offer a broad array of benefits designed to fit both your needs and your budget.









medicare

we offer a full suite of medicare plans to ensure you get the coverage you want and deserve.













 







understanding your blue cross member id card

find tips for how to read and understand your member id card.

read our blog











member resources











 find a doctor

search for a doctor in our network near you.









 pay your bill

make a payment or set up recurring payments.









 find prescription drugs

find a list of drugs covered under your plan.









 resource center

access your benefits information, claims status, and more.











 for health care providers

access the tools and resources you need for serving our members, gain access to the latest updates, and more.


 for brokers

connect with our team and learn more about partnering with bluecross blueshield of vermont.










 







customer service

our award-winning customer service team is here to help you navigate your health care coverage concerns and questions.

contact our team








 







health & wellness

we offer programs aimed at keeping everyone well – from care management specialists that help members facing newly diagnosed conditions to our 24/7 telemedicine services – and much more.

health & wellness resources








 







community engagement & events

we actively run and support a variety of events committed to supporting the well-being of vermonters. our signature events encourage you to get outdoors through fun and engaging activities.

learn more










related information:vermont medicare plansfind a doctorprivate health insurance vermont









for free language-assistance services callpara servicios gratuitos de asistencia con el idioma, llamepour obtenir des services d’assistance linguistique gratuits, appelez le


(800) 247-2583 (tty: 711)





shop & compare plans
contact us
careers
find a pharmacy
login
privacy policies
find a doctor
pay bill
machine readable files







© copyright 2025 blue cross and blue shield of vermont is an independent licensee of the blue cross and blue shield association.


instagram.
opens in a new window




facebook.
opens in a new window




linkedin.
opens in a new window




youtube.
opens in a new window



































































