

 

























tropical roofing - palm leaves thatch | palmex international























































 

































    find a distributor become a distributor
   request a quote online
 

   
home
blog
videos

overview
palmex around the world


contact
english

français
español


 







 


our products 

palmex original

rioha
dombora
aforika
samana
fiji
palmita
accessories


palmex exotic

exotic roof

asian reed thatch
asian reed accessories
african reed thatch
african reed accessories


exotic surface

asian reed ceiling
african reed ceiling


exotic decor

bamboo




palmex outdoor living

luxurious furniture

daybed
straight umbrella
curved umbrella


exotic furniture

sumatra umbrella
asian reed umbrella
asian reed savannah umbrella






achievements
eco-responsible
distributors
about palmex 

our team
our story
our customers

commercial
hospitality
water parks / amusement parks
zoos
architectural projects




request a quote


home
blog
videos 

overview
palmex around the world


contact
 english 

 français
 español


 
    find a distributor become a distributor
   request a quote online
 



            	menu
                
















 













palmex original
palmex original collection offers a permanent solution for all of your projects around the world. when choosing us, you opt for exceptionally durable, resistant and recyclable products. you are selecting aesthetics that are virtually identical to natural roofing while choosing greater peace of mind with no maintenance and unbeatable longevity.


discover more







palmex exotic
our palmex exotic collection offers a variety of artificial thatch roofing, surface and decor materials imitating the natural materials found worldwide. whether you are looking for asian reed, african reed or bamboo, we provide the best quality products available on the market. made for easy maintenance, long lasting and hassle-free projects.


discover more







outdoor living
our new “outdoor living” collection offers furniture items that will enhance your outdoor spaces. discover our umbrellas, embellished with our synthetic tropical thatch, which will enhance the look with an exotic touch, whether for a hotel, a water park or any other project.


discover more





customers
who trust us















and many more 









replace your thatch for the last time.
palmex is currently the world leader in the production and distribution of synthetic roofing, surface and décor solutions used in the construction and renovation of traditional thatch projects.
in order to meet & exceed homeowners’ and the hospitality industry’s needs, our team has worked on designing and developing products that are both durable and maintenance free, with classic aesthetics. our products stand as highly effective long-term solutions to issues of massive over-harvesting throughout the planet.
palmex materials meet with the strictest safety standards, and with building and construction norms currently in place globally. our products adapt to fit any architectural style or roofing type. thanks to the high-end materials we use and to a manufacturing and installation process that are both unique and patented, palmex is the perfect solution for all your needs.






eco-responsible






superior durability






peace
of mind






return on investment






safe








find a distributor near you !
we are present in more than 87 countries spread on 5 continents.


 find a distributor



proud of our achievementsadmire some of our numerous projects throughout the world.cook islands mexico colombia french polynesia ivory coast 


happy customers all over the worldi would like to take this opportunity to congratulate you and your spouse for your great professionalism. your instructions were very clear and the videos on your site very well explained. not to mention the friendly and warm welcome. we have almost no losses, except for five pieces cut from the ends of the rows, with one or two fingers and the solid parts cut to make the hip joints. i followed your advice for the small roof by “cheating” the leaves, to keep the look and ventilation. this product is simply revolutionary and perfect. i have nothing but praise! long life to your business sol tropical and thank you again!lyne jean, designer-architectcanada this is the third time we have used palmex (...) to build our dream palapas and we couldn’t be more pleased. the palapas are a key component to giving our backyard paradise the tropical feel we were looking for. the quality of the construction and longevity of the palmex thatch roofing have given us great peace of mind and we know they will be standing strong and look amazing for many years.mr. brett cliffordaruba thank you so much for getting us this thatch! it went on easily and has held up perfectly in the heavy winds, rain and heat. we wanted to see if we could fool real hawaiians so we blind folded three and took them to the tiki to see if they would think they were still in hawaii. two out of three hawaiians could not tell the difference between your thatch and real hawaiian thatch and the third hawaiian thougt she was in fiji... so close enough!!!! we love it and may put it on our house too!!!!mr. bob and ms. alicia vacchianousa the pavilion on the beach was created about 15 years ago as a venue to host weddings and group functions. the final outcome with the thatch roof and bamboo ceiling looks astonishing both during yoga and pilates classes as well as during the wedding parties we host at night. from the outside it looks supernatural as well as it blends in very well with the many beach- shade palapas that we have for our guests.manchebo resort beach & spaaruba  ....we have been using your product for the past 10 years and it has shown its durability and catchy look. not many people can tell the difference but certainly can feel the difference. when we first purchased palmex products people here were hesitant due to it not being proven in our country. and we have proven it. for the past 10 years we have not replaced a single sheet of palmex material...mr. jayson waltermicronesia you can enjoy a tiki experience in your own backyard. i have put this roofing leaves on in 4 hours. my tools were a hammer, some nails and some scissors. really easy to install. it’s really typical 3-foot long shingles : you half lap them like ordinary shingles. it’s not rocket science, as a matter of fact it’s really fun and i have fun every night coming home in my own backyard and looking at my pool shed because now my backyard reminds me of the caribbean every single night!’alfresco backyard escapecanada for his hotel in cameroon, where it’s 30 degrees under the shade, my customer mentioned that the canopy structure covered with palmex is pleasant ant that the other structures must be covered with palmex. with the exotic touch, palmex is totally appropriate and being flexible, the palmex can adapt to surfaces.mr. franz massoncameroon the roof is looking great! of course, as you can imagine, already there have been many admiring passers-by. who knew that putting on a roof would pull in so many new acquaintances?ms. kristine and mr. jim atkinsoncosta rica well our tiki hut is complete and we are very happy with it. while it is late in the summer i know we will definitely get lots of use for ourselves and friends in the future. everyone who sees it thinks it’s great.thank you!’ms. linda laframboisecanada hello palmex, i purchased your thatch from tiki mundo in 2007 to replace the real grass thatch i had installed on my tiki bar/cabana in 2005.  it is now 6 years later and the thatch still looks like new!  it has stood up to everything from hot sun, high winds, rain and heavy snow we see here in massachusetts.  i just want to say i love this product, it’s fantastic!!  i get comments on it all the time from my guests.mr. gary leblancusa withstanding the exposure to rough new england winters, palmex thatch roofing is a fresh durable, and amazingly functional alternative to traditional roofing… gives us the aesthetic appeal we need with the durability and ease to use, which other materials have lacked. thank you palmex, simply put… we love it!ms. cindy lavoieusa our palmex roof really makes the whole look and feel of our house and we feel that it is a very high quality material and the installation was professionally done.  we had planned on a roof of tin, insulation and teak... a fairly standard choice in our area, but made a late decision to use palmex.  i cannot imagine this house without palmex and we are so happy that we made the right decision.  when i am in a neighbor’s house with a tin roof and the rain starts coming down it sounds like a jamaican steel drum marching band and i can’t wait to sit in my house and quietly watch the rain fall.  palmex has so many benefits in the tropics.  thanks!mr. ture hoefnercosta rica the first time we approached the product was because of the difficulty of supply of natural palm leaves after the cyclones so the natural pandanus was not available and there was a price increase, so we had to lower our hotel charges. the perennity of the palmex product, the self-maintenance (are advantages) because natural vegetal thatch, they are colonized by insects and after 2-3 years with the lightest wind or some waste coming off of the thatch we are obligated to clean the roof. my counterparts have also adopted this solution. now, per sqm, your roi is reached between 2 ½ to 3 years. mr. bruno chevallereautahiti our hotel is a ethnic, rustic hotel that tries to identify with the island’s culture and it’s environment. so when we thought about bettering the hotel’s image, we had to find something appropriate. in chile, we did not have the material that we needed. we started searching and we found palmex. now, with palmex, the hotel changed completely. what i like most is the aesthetic of the thatch and the fact that it lowers the temperature inside. the palmex roof reduces the sound of the rain and it makes it more pleasant under a palmex roof. it’s better than the natural.mr. benjamin pao huki easter island we are very satisfied with the look and the accomplished work. the compliments are coming from many parts. the only thing remaining is the official opening on july 28th. thank you!mr. guy lapolicecanada 









request a quote online
tell us more about your project and request a quote online.




request a quote





become a distributor
take this business opportunity and become part of palmex.




fill the request form online















 
we are a specialized canadian manufacturer    that has been producing synthetic, eco-friendly palm leaves for tropical thatch roofing since 1998.
read more about palmex

 navigationpalmex original  – benefits
palmex exotic – benefits
achievements
find a distributor
about palmex
contact
 our productspalmex original
palmex exotic
outdoor living
 quick linksvideos
installation
find a distributor
register your warranty
contact
distributor login
boutique palmex
privacy policy
 palmex international inc. 2518 des entreprises
saint-sauveur-des-monts, qc
j0r 1r7 canada
1-450-227-5121
infos@palmex-international.com

 












installation guide request form
 please fill out the form below to have our digital catalog or installation guide emailed to you.name*


first



last

company name*address*



street address


city


zip / postal code

countryafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicabo verdecambodiacamerooncanadacayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiacôte d'ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatiniethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth macedonianorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussian federationrwandaréunionsaint barthélemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswedenswitzerlandsyria arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, the united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvalutürkiyeus minor outlying islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelaviet namvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabweåland islands
country


phone number*email*

please email me the following*

products catalog


installation guide
namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ





























































