




















































highlights classroom


families

families
place a classroom order here





welcome to 
highlights classroom rewards
if you already have a highlights classroom rewards packet, use your teacher id and promo code from there to sign in below.



teacher id



promo code


where do i find my id and promo code
sign in

lost your id?




new here?
join highlights classroom rewards now.

sign up








earn a free gift + support brighter futures
you deserve a reward! you work hard to inspire the next generation, so we’ve made it easy for you to earn a free gift while encouraging students to be curious, creative, caring and confident. you don’t have to collect money, families get a special offer and you have great gift choices!


how it works
get a free gift for your classroom in 3 easy steps!


1
share offer with families
send families take-home slips or sign in and use the “share offer with families” option.



2
place orders
families can place orders online or fill in and return take-home slips to the teacher. bonus: you don’t need to collect money!



3
pick a free gift!
once all orders are submitted, pick a free gift that’s perfect for your classroom!

free gift options
great news! we’ve updated our gift list. pick from a variety of free gifts to get something just-right for your classroom. below are some popular choices but sign in or sign up to view all gift options.





magnetic tiles
unleash creativity with 32 mesmerizing translucent tiles in 7 shapes. they can be arranged...
unleash creativity with 32 mesmerizing translucent tiles in 7 shapes. they can be arranged to build captivating structures, from simple geometric patterns to imaginative designs. they can also be used for sorting activities by shape, color, and size, enhancing early math and organizational skills. perfect for promoting steam learning, motor skills, and imaginative play. the set includes an idea guide to inspire countless possibilities.
read more







felt pens
add a splash of color to your writing with 12 felt-tip markers. featuring a rainbow...
add a splash of color to your writing with 12 felt-tip markers. featuring a rainbow of vibrant shades, plus brown, gray and black, they’re perfect for adding pizzazz to notes, drawings and projects. whether you're doodling, sketching or writing, these markers will bring your creations to life. ideal for both school and home use, they’re a fantastic addition to any stationery collection.
read more







stacking chairs game
add fun to your classroom with the stacking chairs game! this engaging game is...
add fun to your classroom with the stacking chairs game! this engaging game is perfect for 1-4 players and includes 18 chairs in different designs and colors. it also comes with an idea guide to inspire different ways to play. a fantastic way to develop fine motor skills, hand-eye coordination, and strategic thinking, this game promises fun and educational playtime for students. each chair measures 1 x 1 x 2 inches.
read more



back to top



locate your teacher id and promotion code lost your id?
your teacher id and promo code can be found either printed directly on your free gift order form or on a separate mailing label as shown in the image below. please be sure to enter all character(s) when typing in your id and code.
















© 2025 highlights for children, inc


www.highlights.com
terms of use
privacy policy








