






old mulberry inn | jefferson, texas bed & breakfast































home
about

about the inn
inn policies
helpful links


rooms

california dreamin’
english garden
french voyage
port jefferson


cottages

tuscan sun
norse woods
flowers of spring
monterey bay
carmel valley


directions
raves & reviews
 





select page


  
 



 



 










an exquisite jefferson experience
welcome to the inn

make your reservation







a stunningcombination of comfort and charm



old mulberry inn is a stunning combination of 21st century comforts and 19th century charm. the inn offers a park-like sanctuary setting for four distinctively decorated guest rooms and five more luxurious rooms in cottages. each room offers an individually designed bath with options including claw-footed tubs, two-person tubs, or double showers. cable tv and wireless internet are complimentary as well as a three-course breakfast.







ready to book your stay? follow the link below to check availability. 

make a reservation





the old mulberry inn has four beautiful bedrooms, each with personal bathrooms. the close-by old mulberry cottages have five luxurious bedrooms with individual, elegant bathing facilities.

view our rooms





the inn is located at 209 e. jefferson st. click below to open a google maps link.

directions to inn











what others are saying about their stay
guest reviews






what a special place! delicious food, wonderful ambiance, such friendly hosts!
jeri & kyle, bartlesville, ok




thank you so much for making our 40th wedding anniversary so special. your standard will be what we will always use to compare others. it will be hard to top yours! your special touches of hospitality made us feel at home.
larry & carolyn






more than expected!!! no. 1 bed and breakfast!!!
 karen, tom bean, tx




thank you for such a delightful stay! we appreciated all of your recommendations and completely enjoyed our time here. breakfast was beyond compare, the perfect way to start the day. look forward to staying here again.
michelli & dustin









what you get
amenities, services, & travel guide








free wifi








free parking








bedroom comforts










coffee maker








printer/scanner








computer station









experience the charm of jefferson
we have vacancy!
don’t wait to book your stay with us. follow the link and browse each room and cottage. we are looking forward to having you with us here in jefferson, texas.



book a room










(903) 665-1945








209 e. jefferson st. jefferson, tx 75657








oldmulberryinn@gmail.com







follow



 










facebook




instagram


website by: lightfly creative | © old mulberry inn 


























