




about | first friday | downtown raleigh, nc





































skip to main content
















explore downtown


 dining
shopping
bars and nightlife 
arts, culture, and entertainment
living
services
 hotels
institutions
events calendar
districts
public art
sip n’ stroll downtown



do business


 developments
available retail space
incentives and business resources
new businesses
 reports, publications, and plans
state of downtown raleigh report
economic development strategy
pop-up shops at martin street



get around


 alternative modes
goraleigh station
parking
raleigh union station
 r-line
street closures
ike kiosks






search















newsletter


maps

events
dra programs
blog
about






search



















first friday

about
events + exhibitions
map of events
get around
submit an event








    first friday raleigh




    first friday is celebrated on the first friday of each month throughout downtown raleigh to showcase the best of our city's creative community. thousands venture downtown to visit art galleries & studios  open late to host exhibits, artist talks, and creative activities. retailers and restaurants also get in on the fun with live music, vendor markets, specials/discounts, and more. there's something for everyone each first friday.


    upcoming


march first fridayfriday, march 7th | hartwell, 620 w south street
join us for a special first friday celebration dedicated to the 
incredible contributions of women throughout history, and today. 
kick-off women’s history month with...
a vendor market featuring local, women-owned businesseslive music by 22 stringsa community art project with sarah rosa glickmanfree professional headshots from photographer hannah chalfant with  hair touch-ups by  hightide salon artistsflash tattoos by boreälyss tattoomarbles kids museum science activitiesq+a panel at 7:30pm with hartwell ownerguests: sage girls and unc rex mammographyfood and drinks on-siteand more!
you can also enjoy extended art gallery hours, events at your favorite businesses, delicious food & drinks, and more all in one night, all in downtown raleigh.
find events, exhibitions, specials, and more hosted by businesses  and build a custom itinerary.
first friday events


     


stay in the know


sign up for our monthly newsletter to find out what's happening on first friday. and follow us on facebook, twitter, and instagram!


     


contact us


    for general first friday inquiries, please email communications@downtownraleigh.org. 


    interested in a collaboration or partnership for first friday? submit your idea here 


    if your company is interested in sponsoring first friday, please contact ileanarodriguez@downtownraleigh.org.












sign up for our newsletter

subscribe



follow first friday // use #firstfridayraleigh












© 2009-2025 downtown raleigh alliance.  all rights reserved. contact us.


sitemap
accessibility
privacy policy












