





















gene siskel film center










      skip to main content
    







read the january/february gazette












×
gene siskel film center

our programs
film calendarfilm seriescoming soonconversations at the edge
festivals
black harvest film festivalchicago european union film festivalfestival of films from iranasian american showcasechicago palestine festival

support us
membershipdonategiftsour supportersbecome a sponsor

visit us
ticketsgetting hereaccessibility & inclusionconcessions

about us
our storyadvisory councilcontact usemployment


 calendar gazette archive
the gene siskel film center selects and presents significant world cinema in a non-commercial context that sets aesthetic, critical and entertainment standards. can't find what you're looking for? contact us.









   films
  


now playing
coming soon
all film series
new releases
shadows of war lecture series
conversations at the edge
european union film festival: poland
persistence of memory



donate

☰










february 14–26persistence of memorypersistence of memory presents 10 films exploring recollection, unreliable narrators, amnesiatic protagonists, and ghosts real and imagined. featuring akira kurosawa, ingmar bergman, aki kaurismäki, alfred hitchcock, and more. series ticketsnow playingarmandrenata reinsve delivers a mesmerizing, uninhibited performance in halfdan ullmann tøndel's armand, winner of the golden camera award at cannes.get ticketsmarch 7–20chicago european union film festival spotlight: polanddiscover the best of polish cinema in our chicago european union film festival spotlight: poland. this year's dynamic lineup includes 12 chicago premieres and five repertory favorites. festival lineup and member presale available now.member presaledirector in personuniversal languagedirector matthew rankin's joins us in person february 20 & 21 for his charming, surreal, and snowy second feature, universal language. winner of the inaugural directors’ fortnight audience award at the cannes film festival.get ticketsspring 2025 seasonconversations at the edgeconversations at the edge is our series for innovative film and media art. featuring screenings, performances, and artist talks, the program is made possible through a unique partnership with saic's department of film, video, new media, and animation, video data bank, and the film center. get ticketsread nowjanuary/february 2025 gazettecheck out what's coming to our screens in 2025. the january/february issue of the gazette is now available to read online and pickup in person.read nowsave on all filmsbecome a memberget a gene siskel film membership and save! members enjoy up to 50% off tickets, concessions discounts, member-exclusive pre-sales and passes, and more. individual and dual options available. read morebecome a memberpreviousnext











now playing


last year at marienbadalain resnais1961the man without a pastaki kaurismäki2002armandhalfdan ullmann tøndel2024uncle boonmee who can recall his past livesapichatpong weerasethakul2010rashômonakira kurosawa1950eternal sunshine of the spotless mindmichel gondry2004distant voices, still livesterence davies1988mementochristopher nolan2000wild strawberriesingmar bergman1957mirrorandrei tarkovsky1975previousnext


see all films now playing







coming soon


american sniperclint eastwood / 2014universal languagematthew rankin / 2024vertigoalfred hitchcock / 1958national theatre live: the importance of being earnestmax webster / 2024off center: lost boys, stolen trucksauden lincoln-vogel, philip rabalais / 2017, 2024pather panchalisatyajit ray / 1955take shelterjeff nichols / 2011columbuskogonada / 2017good bye, lenin!wolfgang becker / 2004on becoming a guinea fowlrungano nyoni / 2024previousnext


see all films coming soon











 































follow us






contact us
the gene siskel film center164 n. state street general: (312) 846-2600  box office: (312) 846-2085 
general: filmcenter@saic.edu








about the film center
the gene siskel film center presents a curated collection of international, independent, and classic cinema reflective of chicago’s diverse community. 
become a member donate about


https://www.siskelfilmcenter.org/about










join our email list
get the latest on film events in chicago by subscribing to our newsletter.
subscribe






search
search











 2021 the gene siskel film center











