








home - texas youth rodeo association















































homemembership and informationrodeo officialsschedule and rodeo formsstandings




 








 









welcome to thetexas youth rodeo associationthe texas youth rodeo association (tyra) 501 (c) (3) is a family-oriented organization that strives to produce youth rodeos that support and promote the sport of youth rodeo throughout texas.
there were four (4) scholarships awarded to tyra seniors in 2024, for a total of $4,000.00 for their continued education.  in the past thirteen years, tyra has given out 161 scholarships totaling $204,250.00.
tyra presented the year-end all-around champions a briefcase with $5,000 and kelly slover signature buckle.
flying j saddlery saddles were awarded to each year end event winner and each finals event winner, as well as the finals all around in all age groups.  buckles were given to 2nd through 6th place in each event for the year end winners.the tyra directors for the 2025 season are:
ross ivey, presidentsean clements, vice presidentann wentzel, secretaryjuan garcia, treasury
andy avelar, board memberjoey gonzales, board memberkim mansel, board membertrace claybrook, board memberfreddy nieto, board member
austin taylor, board membercody leopold, board memberwe are excited for 2025!   
tyra is 58 years strong!! we are really excited about 2025!  we will have 2 benefits that will not count towards your rodeo counts, but the points will count towards year end standings.  this year our calendar will have 16 rodeos on the schedule. contestants will be able to attend all 16 rodeos, but you will need to designate the 10 you will count for points when you enter.  when you enter each rodeo, you will be given the option to jackpot or count for points. you must designate before the rodeo and it will be all the events in that rodeo.  in addition to being in the top 25 in your event, you are required to participate in at least 6 of the 16 club rodeos in order to participate at the finals.  we are also excited about rolling out an online entry this year. make sure you follow our facebook page to stay up to date!rough stock: due to no participation in past couple of years we are not offering rough stock events.on friday night of the finals (july 18, 2025) we will be having the annual scholarship dance.  we encourage tyra alumnae to please attend! mark your calendars now and spread the word.the tyra board: would like to thank the parents and sponsors for their help and support throughout the year.  without you, tyra success would not be possible!  thanks!!the tyra corporate secretary: is brittney brunner. if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact her at 713-882-5589. you can also contact any board member.rule changes that were made in the 2025 season: 
tyra will offer sub junior goat tying in 2025! 3-bone cross tie.
contestants may choose to ride up to the next age group as long as the contestant has entered and competed in the event in their designated age group. contestants who choose to enter up will be eligible to earn event points in all age groups but will only receive all-around points in their designated age group.
courtesy contestants who do not show for their run will be charged a $100 fine.
you may team rope twice the same way. for example, you may head twice or heel twice, but not switch ends. this is the only way we can continue offering courtesy runs (so you could enter once with a partner and your second run you could ask for courtesy or both runs you can ask for a courtesy).
tyra will continue requiring each contestant to sell $200 worth of tickets.
tyra will continue giving cash prizes to the 3 top sellers – 1st - $300, 2nd - $200, 3rd - $100.
yearly memberships will be $125 per contestant.
in case of tie for the year-end all-around, we will break the tie with 1st, 2nd, 3rd, etc. from the finals. if we still cannot break the tie, we will flip a coin. the contestant that does not get the top prize will receive a saddle.
adult memberships – will be available for $5.00 per adult. you asked we listened – with this membership you will be able to come to the annual meetings and vote – in the past it was just the clubs that could vote and we basically had no participation – we will listen!
in the ribbon roping the team must be coed – girl roper – boy runner and/or boy roper – girl runner.
the board discussed a slack option and voted no slack for 2025. you must make your run on the day designated on each entry form.
mission statement“helping youth today so that the sport of rodeo and agriculture can grow tomorrow.”
the tyra has always understood that education is vital to the american agriculture industry. so an innovative tyra executive committee began to think about encouraging its members to continue their interest in the sport of rodeo and agriculture by pursuing agricultural careers in college.
therefore, the texas youth rodeo association scholarship fund was born. each year our graduating seniors are awarded scholarships based on their academics, community service and essay. our scholarships are represented currently by members in 15 colleges and universities throughout texas.
tyra recognizes that many young people and educators today come from urban backgrounds and have little knowledge of the opportunities available to them in the sport of rodeo and the world of agriculture. our goal is to promote awareness of such programs.
tyra has a rich tradition and history of stewardship to the community, agriculture industry and youth of texas. with a clear vision of the future, a successful past and continual dedication from the tyra and its members the tyra will continue to be a pillar of strength and support to the youth of texas.
the tyra is committed to the betterment of the community and furthering the organization’s mission: “helping youth today so that the sport of rodeo and agriculture can grow tomorrow.”our sponsorsif you would like to be an official sponsor of the tyra please contact:

brittney brunner
cell: 713-882-5589
17631 cochran road
hempstead, tx 77445






home
membership and information
rodeo officials
schedule and rodeo forms
standings



website by ranch house designs 


homemembership and informationrodeo officialsschedule and rodeo formsstandings
 
 














