









ironworks gaming forum - main page







ironworks gaming forum






































































latestnew members

alaeus - #20116, 08-02-2007


nassaubob - #20108, 08-01-2007


jonjack17 - #20105, 07-31-2007


true life karma - #20103, 07-31-2007


prolox33 - #20102, 07-30-2007


johnstar - #20097, 07-29-2007


arfeanor - #20094, 07-28-2007



 












last updated on
              june 20th, 2020



ironworks
              nearing 600 live streams on youtube!

in a few short years
              (2 or so) i've been making ironworks a name on youtube and have an
              account on twitch--although i don't use it much yet. 

              i am mainly on you tube. we stream all kinds of games--rpgs as
              usual, but also the new quake champions, indy games, old school
              dos games like system shock  2 (see below!) i stream in high
              quality and have a pretty good mic as well. check us out!

              as we know, the forum is getting slow, but we can still have fun
              and chat while we play a game - (multiplayer with one of you) or
              solo and we can chat as i play!! here is the link to my youtube: click
              here for ironworks you tube channel.

              (subscribe and click the bell for all notifications-don't worry, i
              don't post more than 1-2 a day, and some days i take off. also
              discord channel ironworks gaming.














              ironworks
              forum is online!

it's back, and it's
              the fastest
              it's ever been!
              come check it out, and join in the conversations! the new server
              is great, and no data was lost.




new forum 
            software update
i have been working mostly on the new graphics 
            and 'themed colors' for the new forum software iwf will be moving 
            to, and it is taking a lot of time, but will be done soon. i can 
            convert everything over to the new forum--posts, member accounts, 
            but not pm's.

            so back those up if you wish to keep them! also, the new software 
            will issue you a new, random password since it cannot convert the 
            old one--encrypted--so every member will be emailed their new 
            password when we make the switch, so 
make sure your current email address is correct, 
            or you'll not be issued your new password.

efu patch v1.3 
			released!!
			efu patch 1.3 has been released! it has been broken up into two rar 
			files. you need both.
			this patch also adds a different tlk file, so read the readme file 
			for directions on where to put it.

			this patch includes even more custom 
			content designed by myself, and adds new tilesets, weapons, monster 
			models, and more.


massive hakpak 
			patch v1.3
			coming soon!
			since the new nwn patch v1.68 was just released, i will be updating 
			our massive hakpak with a brand new patch. this one will be smaller, 
			and has mainly fixes the nwn patch messed up, but there is great new 
			content as well. keep an eye out for it in the weeks ahead!


massive v1.0 
			(codename) hakpak released
			after 14 months, hundreds of hours of work, the brand new 
			escape from undermountain hakpak is released!


			massive v1.0 
			is large. 
over 500mb. 
			i have two versions of it for download. a 'one big file' or a 
			'bunch of smaller files' to download. your choice, both will be the 
			same. 

			not only does this hak add nearly 
all 
			the best custom content from the 
most 
			professional 
			modders, but i have created a substantial amount of custom 
			content myself. tiles, placeables, weapons, creatures, body parts, 
			icons and everything else! over 1000 new placeables alone are in the 
			hak! keep checking the forums today for the links to download 
			massive!
release to be 
			right after nwn 1.67 patch!
			wow, it's finally nearing release! i have put so many hours -- 100's 
			of hours into this all new hak, and loads of it is custom made by 
			me--3d models, and all. expect this hakpak to change undermountain 
			in many ways. the release will be a few days after the release of 
			the latest nwn patch, which will be v1.67. and will also add new 
			stuff! i just need a few days to do last minute checks, and make 
			sure everything is working right, and after more than a year in 
			development, you get to enjoy this!


escape from undermountain
			official portrait pack released!
the official 
			escape from undermountain portrait pack 1 has been released! it is 
			not necessary to have this to play efu, but it is highly 
			recommended that you do. each of these portraits have been 
			downloaded from
          ign, 
			and i would like to thank each artist for these amazing 
			portraits--only the best have been added, and they are amazing.

			there are
          two flavors 
			(each the same). download the
          all in one 
			pack, 
			which is 72mb, or for the dial-up people, i have split the huge file 
			into 10.5mb and there are 8 files.


			 download the portrait pack 1
 



			escape from undermountain cep hotfix released
this fix will correct a bug with the human 
			female heads hak that the latest neverwinter nights patch messed up. 
			go to this thread in the efu forum to download the patch!

visit the escape 
            from undermountain nwn mod website!
            click here 
            to enter it. - remember, all news, and all the downloads, hakpaks 
            and such will be there!
            view screenshots and coming soon, all the levels will be detailed 
            with help on each area!




            new mmorpg forum opened!
            covers any online multiplayer gaming realm. be it, everquest i/ii,
            world of warcraft, lineage i/ii, ultima online, guild wars,  
            or any other mmorpg! discuss it here! start guilds, parties, or 
            anything, even post your play times and schedules, so others can 
            meet you in game!

escape from 
            undermountain
            nwn mod news


            the mod ironworks is running, "escape from undermountain" 
            (efu) is 
            now online 24/7!! and updates are now daily as well as a active 
            forum just for 'efu'. visit the escape from undermountain forum 
            by clicking 

here
 





















visit
                  the efu homepage


                  if you want to 
                  know if the ironworks neverwinter nights mod "escape from 
                  undermountain" is online at any time, simply click on the 
                  image above, and it will tell you if it is online, and if so, 
                  who is in the game playing.






general discussionnew posts

re: beer 'n' bears, don't mix. - bungleau (5)


re: laptop woes in a tropical enviroment - dreamer128 (5)


new forum is now open! closing this forum soon.... - ziroc 


re: when camels attack - target (2)


m.u.g.e.n. - mozenwrathe 


re: how should i sell this? - felix the assassin (13)


re: cloudy's cafe, a conversation zone, august 3, 2007 - cloudbringer (54)







baldur's gate iiposts

new forum is now open! closing this forum soon.... - ziroc 


glass dust - tom (2)


item randomizer - captain obvious (12)


romantic encounters v1 released! - kulyok 


watcher's keep chromatic demon - balintherlas (8)








 














        © 2020 
ironworks 
gaming
 & 
the great escape studios all rights reserved.
                email comments to 
webmaster@tgeweb.com







new page 3




        © 2017 
ironworks 
gaming
 & 
the great escape studios all rights reserved.
                email comments to 
webmaster@tgeweb.com


you are visitor
     
    since 12|21|2019

 





