









step tools, inc. - digital thread, step and ifc solutions













step tools®

toggle navigation







about
support
demos
standards
solutions

digital thread
step solutions
ifc solutions
training

contact








scientific, authoritative and reliable digital twin manufacturing
the figure below shows a digital twin model of an airframe
part. the model contains four thousand holes waiting to be filled by
fasteners, and ten thousand holes waiting to be drilled. in this test
the unfilled holes must be found and filled. the undrilled holes must
be found, drilled and filled. all of the holes must meet requirements
for position, placement and diameter. all of the fasteners must have
sufficient grip to hold the pin, but not too much or the airframe will
be too heavy. and all of the fills must have sufficient sealant to
make the structure safe for traveling conditions.
read more




testing boolean removal
inspired by
the marching
cubes algorithm used for surface fitting in computer graphics, we
have been building tests that let us isolate the trickiest
interactions and force our algorithms to deal with them under a
variety of numeric conditions (exact, slightly overlapping, slightly
separated, angled, etc.)
as an aside, bill lorensen did the initial work on marching cubes
at ge just a few miles from our offices, and now some variation of it
is in just about every 3d imaging system.  our hope is that in the not
too distant future, just about every manufacturing system will build
digital twins using the simulation algorithms we are perfecting
here.
read more




powder bed fusion generation
announcing a powder bed fusion generation tool.  the tool is being
developed as part of a project to extend step-nc for powder bed fusion
machines. in this initial configuration you can generate scan paths
for step solids using the parameters described below. please note the
simple option if you just want to sample the output. the process
control attributes can be set as text strings. in the next phase we
will be updating the tool to set the process parameters to values
appropriate to the dimensions and tolerances of the part as defined in
the step model.
read more and download tool
[updated: 2024-5-30]

tape layup generation
announcing a tape layup generation tool. the tool is being
developed as part of a project to extend step-nc for tape layup
machines. in this initial configuration you can split a step surface
into tapes. please note the simple option if you just want to sample
the output. to make the input you need an advanced step translator
that makes open shells trimmed by composite curves. the translator is
available in some cad systems as an option for those designing
composite materials.
read more and download tool

open accountability
use iso standards to control the quality of your products. no
matter where your parts are being machined and assembled, they need to
be monitored for quality. the right materials, the right assemblies,
the right geometries and the right tolerances. you can do this in
closed systems but there will be no transparency. or you can do it
using iso standards that everyone can read and verify. 
the step standards have been under development for 40
years. over half of public cad data is now in step. we have
been working on extending step for manufacturing for more than 20
years. yes, there are difficulties. you have to switch from
manufacturing using codes to manufacturing using models, but even that
is a benefit because you can see what you are making. 
there has been too much delay! multiple industries are in crisis
because we are asking too much of our workers. you need open
accountability to prove that something has been done, and show how
it was done. the step standards developed by international experts are
the open, digital twins on the digital thread are the easy
accountability.






saratoga tc184/sc4 meeting a success!
thank you to all the delegates who made the 86th meeting of tc
184/sc4 a big success. step tools enjoyed hosting you in the beauty of
the fall in upstate new york.
we started several new standards for manufacturing with digital
twins and resolved multiple issues.  the link above has the star trek
and other meeting photos.
all meeting photos

— captains chair photos


digital twin manufacturing

announcing the step python interface,
the faster way to program manufacturing solutions. the step python
interface reads cad data, as defined by step, and makes digital twin
as defined by iso 23247. everyone knows how much faster it is to make
additive parts, but the same kind of acceleration can be realized for
other kinds of manufacturing.  programming a third-party manufacturing
system takes too much time and effort. a clever algorithm knows about
the rules of your enterprise, and learns how to:


ensure all the engineering requirements are being checked and met
adjust to the non-availability of resources such as robots,
cutters and fasteners
build measurable digital twins of your products in real time for
enhanced quality control

the step python interface is now available at no cost on
the python package index
(pypi) for simple install with pip on windows, linux,
or mac machines.
version 20 software released!
step tools® developer version 20 is now
available, with support for the latest step ap242, step-nc ap238, and
ifc 2x3 models.  the ifc viewer is significantly expanded and our ifc
mesher now supports csg booleans and voids relations for window/door
cutouts. plus new visual studio 2022 support, mach-o universal
libraries for arm and intel on macos, and linux compiler support for
all distros currently in lts back to rhel7.
the step tools® libraries power commercial
cad, analysis, and visualization systems and this latest release
brings sematic tolerances, new geometry, step-nc manufacturing, and
building information models to the fastest and most reliable libraries
for making, using, and manipulating step, step-nc, ifc, and cis/2.
the release notes for v20 have much
more information about the libraries and new features!  our knowledge
of these standards is unmatched across the industry.  whatever your
goal, we provide the tools that you can rely on to reach it.


ifc building

json from step-nc
we have been investigating json for describing manufacturing
transactions and put together a small program to generate some using
the step python interface.  we felt
this was a nice example, so we are sharing it below.
the json output for the simple facing workingstep is shown below.
it summarizes the position within the process, tool, operation,
feature, and some other basic parameters.
continue reading …
step-nc cam exchange
the third edition of step-nc ap238 publishes improvements
developed during 15 years of
testing with new definitions for digital twin manufacturing,
machine tool kinematics, integration with ap242, and machining process
enhancements.
this edition combines additive and subtractive manufacturing with
measurement so that turbine blades can be repaired more quickly and
accurately, or teams of robots can cooperate during the assembly of
complex structures such as air frame wings.
the improvements and testing makes ap238 ready for cam to cam data
exchange.  the digital manufacturing implementation forum is now
working to enable this data exchange with support from step
tools® software.  there will be four meetings
in 2023, with the first focus on data exchange of toolpaths.
manufacturing industry needs cam to cam data exchange so that
experts can define solutions for new materials and tooling.  the
solutions can be developed by cutter vendors and other manufacturing
specialists and sent to users for integration into their cam
systems.
sending the data as ap238 enables the deployment in the cam
system. in the cam system it can be verified in the context of other
operations, included in work instruction generation, and posted using
trusted and tested tools. the alternate of sending the solution as
gcode for cut and paste on the machine tool is very risky.


cam process exchange

continue reading …
one million unique parts machined


step is a standard for product model data and ifc is a standard for building model data. both are very widely supported by cad, cam and bim systems. 

step-nc ap238 used to make 1,000,000 parts in 2019

argument won — step-nc is the machine control data for
future aerospace.
boeing uses step-nc to machine parts for all its major airframes
both single aisle and double aisle — even for satellites.
engineer who did the work promoted to technical fellow.
soon faa is likely to want step-nc documentation for every machined part on an aircraft.

step ap242 edition 2 is finished

every cad system has an interface to read and write step.
edition 2 enables automatic measurement for on-machine cnc, and off-machine cmm.
edition 2 enables kinematics for digital twin manufacturing.
step has the biggest and most widely tested information model for engineering.

ifc very popular for building models
step reduces the cost of manufacturing by allowing products,
processes and machines to be assembled digitally for testing before delivery. ifc does the same for building construction.

ifc technical meetings include thousands of attendees.
ifc translators are being upgraded for latest step geometry.
building projects are producting very large multi-gigabyte ifc models.
every bim system has an interface to read and write ifc.













if you own a cad, cam or bim system, then we can help you extend
and maintain your step and ifc interfaces with the latest libraries
and visualization systems. our librares are used by many of the
leading cad vendors, including nx and autodesk, because they are the
fastest and most reliable.
if your are a leader in manufacturing or construction, then we can
help you use step and ifc to make better products. we are leading the
deployment of 3d product models in manufacturing automation. there are
many savings including a reduction in the cost of tooling of 15% or
more.
enabling closed-loop machining
august 29, 2019 — this short walkthrough shows a digital
thread model in the step-nc explorer.  you will see geometry,
tolerances, and process, simulate material removal, and discover how
to get feed/speed, position, and calculated tool engagement
cross-section information at any point in the machining process. 
this information can close the loop with model-based machining and
enable new applications for tool life and tool wear prediction,
calculation of forces and heat, and many other possibilities.






build it here, build it now, build it right with the digital thread
on july 12, 2017, a team led by step tools, inc. stretched the
digital thread farther than ever before - from design, through
manufacture, and into five axis measurement.







the digital thread is a vision for manufacturing that opens many
new opportunities.  you can build it here because the thread is
interoperable.  you can build it now because the models in the thread
enables full safety checking.  watch the video to see how to build it
right.

on machine measurement will replace less responsive approaches
because the integrated tolerances, machine feedback and linked
evaluation give results before a part leaves the machine.

we challenge the machining industry to start delivering these
benefits.  at imts and jimtof 2018 we will supply test parts and
confidential evaluation of the measurement results.  we want you to
demonstrate that you too can build it here, build it now and build it
right.  

continue reading …
more articles ...
 

solutions and expertise


latest news 





step cad




step-based solutions for cad or engineering analysis,
bill-of-materials, or supply chain integration: cad shape, tolerances,
assemblies, import or export, desktop or web visualization.

step concepts

concept

go to diagram

step data

entity

diagram
text









ifc bim




ifc-based solutions for bim systems: translation, bill-of-materials
applications, and visualization.







digital thread for manufacturing




connect product design, manufacturing, and inspection with a
digital twin, built in real-time while machining with our new 3d
model-based simulator. view from any mobile device, automate
metrology, collaborate with supply chain, and real-time optimization.







other services
we offer training
and support.  we also
have standards development experience and
host forums, and
an express schema archive.


 
 
 

step tools, inc. / 14 first st. troy, ny 12180
copyright © 2025 step tools inc. all rights reserved.
legal notices and trademarks.








