


home | warwick beacon






















































log in


subscribe










 



        february 18, 2025      

weather forecast



          25°,
        

          partly cloudy        






advanced search











main menu

toggle navigation









                home              


news 


                    top stories                  


                    police logs                  


                    beacon buzz                  


                    calendar                  


                    community resources                  


                    legal notices                  




sports


                    stories                  


                    columns                  


                    eastern regional                  




rhodylife


                    focus                  


                    dining                  


                    entertainment                  


                    movie reviews                  


                    society                  


                    anniversary form                  


                    birth announcement form                  


                    engagement form                  


                    wedding form                  


                    music                  


                    arts                  


                    theater                  


                    columns                  


                    animal talk                  




editorial


                    editorial                  


                    letters to the editor                  


                    op-ed                  


                    columns                  




obits


                    view obituaries                  




business


                    spotlight                  




                subscribe              



            advanced search
          














top stories


 

spencer was ‘always there for everybody’

a week after the flight 5342 tragedy, thayer ice arena had returned to a state of normalcy for its learn to skate program. the loss of one of their own, though, still lingered in the air. 

  …


lawmakers leery about supporting budget panel

warwick’s proposal to create a budget commission to help resolve issues with warwick public schools’ finances following news of a projected $9-million deficit ran into some roadblocks  …

council nixes special school bond election

an effort by ward 5 warwick city councilman ed ladouceur to halt construction work on two new high schools and put the issue up for another vote attracted a large crowd and state media attention to  …



			more top news			


 




our latest edition




 




warwick beacon february 13, 2025 e-edition


view this issue



													browse other issues
											









 












						mayor: ‘we’ve got some work to do’					


					how does warwick complete construction of new pilgrim and toll gate high schools if the $350 million approved by voters doesn’t do the job? 

 mayor frank picozzi wrestled with that question  …				








						state house lights up to honor boy with rare disease					


					while much of the rest of the country was heading to super bowl parties on sunday night, the focus of nearly 100 people gathered in front of the state house was far from the game. 

 the crowd was  …				








						leading the mission of braver angels					


					richard “jet” vertz who thinks of himself as red hasn’t been able to recruit many reds in this blue state. that hasn’t deterred him from his mission to bring people together  …				









sports






						roundup: lady titans hold off thunderbirds					


					the warwick-west warwick girls hockey co-op got a win over cranston on monday afternoon at thayer when it held off the thunderbirds 3-2. after a scoreless first period, lauren bastien would get the  …				








						hawks gearing up for playoffs					


					the bishop hendricken basketball team beat visiting smithfield 65-45 on monday night as it gears up for the upcoming division i postseason. mike d’ambra led the hawks with 22 points, including  …				








						athlete of the week: kason wirtz					


					the warwick beacon’s athlete of the week is toll gate senior wrestler kason wirtz. wirtz was key in the titans winning last weekend’s division ii/iii championship, taking first place at  …				





			read more			















 









 









 






rhody life






						serving up good feelings					


					hospitality. that’s the most important word to dino passaretta, when he talks about the key to the success of his five rhode island restaurants. 

 and he can be quite circumspect about the  …				








						70th wedding anniversary					


					a 70th wedding anniversary celebration for carol coker and harold (swede) nelson of myrtle ave., warwick, was held in the asbury methodist church parlor, warwick. 

 they have two children, mark  …				








						circles of sound					


					the rhode island philharmonic orchestra, with guest conductor, anna handler, and guest pianist awadagin pratt, will feature jessie montgomery’s composition, rounds on feb. 14 and feb. 15. the  …				





			read more			







						police log 2-13-2025					


					car crash 

 on feb. 11 at 9:50 p.m., officers responded to the area of 840 post road for the report of a motor vehicle accident. 

 when they arrived on scene, officers found a crash involving a  …				








						warwick police log					


					dui 

 on january 4 at 7:50 p.m., a wpd officer on patrol noticed a car hit the curb along main ave. before swerving over the yellow line and striking the curb again. following that, the officer  …				





						police log 1/30/25					


					dui 

 on dec. 22 at 9:06 p.m., warwick police department officers responded to a car crash in the area of 1245 bald hill road. 

 the driver of the car that struck the other was identified as  …				
























the buzz



						here's what's happening around warwick					


					jan. 9, vfw post #183 bingo doors open at 6 p.m. bingo starts at 6:30 p.m. $30 entry. cash prizes.  please email vfwpost183bingo@gmail.com with any questions. bingo is...				





			read more			




obituaries






						calafrancisco, allen anthony					


					born in providence on april 18, 1943, the son of antonio r. and giovannina (salzillo) calafrancisco. allen attended la salle academy. he earned a b.s. from bryant university, where he was a member of  …				








						mccaffrey, ann (davis)					


					ann (davis) mccaffrey, 87, passed away friday, february 14, 2025 peacefully surrounded by her loving family. she was the beloved wife of the late eugene j. mccaffrey, jr., the former mayor of  …				





			more obituaries			








editorial







						severe weather warnings can fizzle, but…					


					weather alert! 

 the warning appeared on multiple stations when i turned on the tube to catch the news saturday. we were going to get hit with a storm expected to deliver 5 to 7 inches of snow.  …				







						snow brings out the best in us					


					why does everything just seem a little less dark when it snows? there’s actually a scientific reason for that. snow is really great at reflecting light, so any time there is a covering of it  …				











						the warmth of a deep freeze					


					minus 9 degrees was the forecast for sunday morning, and that’s what we got in springfield center, new york. 

 the scene looking out on lake otsego was mostly white. two to three inches of  …				






			more opinions			















 









 









 






advertising

                    view classifieds                  
                    submit a classified ad                  
                    advertise with us                  
                    legal ads                  




special sections



more special sections 



our publications

                    cranston herald                  
                    warwick beacon                  
                    johnston sunrise                  
                    the reminder                  
                    rhody beat                  
                    subscribe                  





          beacon media  
          1944 warwick avenue, warwick ri, 02889 • 1-401-732-3100
                  about us 
                    •  
                                            contact us 
                    •  
                                            work with us 
                    •  
                    
             
          







          © copyright 2025 beacon media



powered by creative circle media solutions











