ï»¿



inlaid jewelry box













al ladd fine edge woodworking



 
				


  

		






al ladd
                   
				fine edge woodworking

				we make hand made jewelry boxes and custom wooden boxes of all 
				kinds. 
				 our exquisite american made wood jewelry boxes feature inlays 
				of beautiful, 
				sometimes rare materials. we use lovingly chosen domestic and 
				exotic hardwoods, 
				and we can inlay accents of precious metals or other materials 
				of your choice. 
				treat yourself or loved one to functional luxury. a sample 
				testimonial:
				"your work is a confluence of beauty, energy and design." though 
				we make these
				handmade jewelry boxes in batches, each has a one-of-a-kind 
				jewelry box feel.
				we can also build you a custom made jewelry box. explore all our 
				wooden jewelry
				box designs. buy a jewelry box handmade in "the far east"- 
				massachusetts!



 click here for 
				enlargement










dalbergia garden jewelry box
this box features two decorative techniques i work with, 
				--end 
				grain lamination, and inlay banding. the inner end grain panel 
				features brazilian tulip-wood tulips, and the inlay banding 
				features honey locust leaves in a field of curly maple, with macassar ebony. the case is figured cherry with macassar 
				ebony legs and stretchers. 
this open view shows the inside of the endgrain panel, held 
				in place by wide mitered 1/8" cherry veneer. the compound angles 
				of the frame holding the panels and the top section of the 
				jewelry box 
				form a dramatic rise which is surprisingly beautiful when viewed 
				with the box open. the earring tray and both drawers 
				feature a foam padded velvet ring storage to match the overall 
				black velvet liner.

click here for enlargement










dalbergia garden jewelry box
 the compound mitered top section is solid cherry with 
				macassar ebony inlay, and the lower case is solid macassar ebony 
				legs and stretchers with panels veneered with a thick veneer cut 
				from the same board as the top section for perfect color match. 
				this construction allows me to fit the drawers very precisely 
				for a silky glide, without binding when the weather changes. a total of 31 compartments, many large enough for your 
				largest pieces of jewelry, or even small boxes, accommodates 
				your collection. the bottom drawer can house an object a full 
				inch and a half deep. the drawers are stopped with spring loaded 
				catches, so they wont fall out when you reach for that special 
				pin in the back. the drawer pulls are rounded across both front 
				dimensions, and are also tapered in thickness, allowing  a 
				firm grip for an effortless tug.

click here for enlargement










dalbergia garden jewelry box
close-up of top shows the satinwood accent around the 
				interior tulip lobe, and the little jatoba "berries" at the 
				vertices of the honey locust "leaves", set off against a fine 
				curly maple. also with peruvian walnut bordering the tulips' 
				holly field, maple dancing dots, a mahogany inner and outer 
				frame to the maple, and macassar ebony frame where the panel 
				enters the beveled cherry frame.


click here for enlargement
 









hand made jewelry boxes
our  jewelry boxes are the finest made in the us, the 
				result of over 25 years of thought,  improvement, and hard 
				work. from the quality of the wood itself, to the finest solid 
				brass hardware, to the hand-rubbed tung oil finish, we cut no 
				corners in  constructing jewelry boxes destined to become 
				treasured family heirlooms. all our large jewelry boxes have 
				ample storage, with trays,  and in some drawers, able to 
				house large to very large jewelry collections. we also can adapt 
				our stock designs or make something especially for you. a
				custom made 
				jewelry box is a perfect gift for the most special 
				occasions. my newer boxes contain an innovative necklace storage 
				system  that prevents sagging and entanglement, and a tray 
				designed to hang many pairs of earrings, so our boxes are not 
				only breathtakingly beautiful, but a sheer delight to use.


				click here for enlargement









weathervane cutting board
this board is made from solid walnut, red oak, maple, cherry, 
				and jatoba. the exposed surface is end-grain, more than ten 
				times harder than the face or edge grain, yet it's self-healing 
				quality makes it easier on your knives.


				click here for enlargement
 









weathervane cutting board
this board is made from solid walnut, red oak, maple, cherry, 
				and jatoba. the exposed surface is end-grain, more than ten 
				times harder than the face or edge grain, yet it's self-healing 
				quality makes it easier on your knives.


				click here for enlargement
 









weathervane cutting board
this board is made from solid walnut, red oak, maple, cherry, 
				and jatoba. the exposed surface is end-grain, more than ten 
				times harder than the face or edge grain, yet it's self-healing 
				quality makes it easier on your knives.


				click here for enlargement
 




















			 dalbergia garden jewelry box 10" x 12.5" x 9.5"



			buy 
 $1,900.00  in cherry
			in koa: 
			

			buy  $1975.00  includes shipping to the ne.






			explore our other large jewelry box designs, prices from $415 and up ...
		












    
		
		







			explore our archived jewelry box designs ...
		





      
		
	







home
products...

large jewelry boxes
small jewelry boxes
tea boxes
small boxes
cabinets
cutting boards
silverware chests
custom work
urns
small gifts
power feeder


about...
about al and marilyn
our shop

contact us
our woods
testimonials
links
ordering








