




seabees and the battle of saipan by david moore











www.battleofsaipan.com
home   
battle of saipan  
photos  
wwii experiences  
wwii resources  
health care  
home care







the battle of saipan



seabees, the battle of saipan, wwii first-person accounts,
wwii resources, health care, and home care experiences by david moore, usn (ret.)












the battle of saipan


the battle of saipan: the final curtain - fifty years
have past. memories have dimmed. an old seabee vividly recalls details
of a great battle, fought on the shores of saipan. a personal essay by david moore, cdr usn (ret.)


photos


1944 photos of saipan - taken during the battle.
these include photos of the amphibious assault and the life of seabee grunts
who shuttled ammunition and gasoline barges between supply ships and the beach.
these photos were taken by a military photographer and given to david moore.

1996 photos of saipan - taken by david moore during
a visit to many of the same the places he saw in 1944. these include the beach,
the war memorial, the site of the last major battle, and the suicide cliffs on
the north end of the island.  these places are described in the article above.


wwii experiences


us navy f6f fighter pilot's experiences - norm stark served as a us navy f6f fighter pilot
in the pacific during wwii.  norm remembers various missions, attacks and dogfights as
well as the stress of flying alone for hours in "pea soup," friends being
shot down, and his own experience "in the drink" where he learned that
your true worth is 10 gallons of ice cream.  norm is a boyhood friend of david moore.


us army air corp glider pilot experiences - ray bean served
as a glider pilot and c47 pilot in europe.  ray ferried men and supplies into many major battles including normandy, holland, and the battle of the bulge.  there was no room for
error in flying a military glider - you were either very good or very dead.



seabee and wwii historical resources


resources
- for finding information about units or individuals who
served as seabees or in other services during wwii


health care


prostate cancer, a case study - david moore's experience in handling prostate cancer. the article summarizes
the important points of prostate cancer so that all men may have a better
understanding of the problem and can ask their doctors effective questions.
as a group, retired military men are older and should pay attention to
this health problem to collect on their well deserved retirement.



home care


home care support information: caring for a loved one at home -
a 27 page article full of practical tips and ideas for caring for an incapacitated loved one in
your home.  david moore shares his experiences in caring for a loved one who could not walk and
could barely talk.  hopefully, you can benefit from these experiences and techniques that were
learned along the way.

 · view the web page 
 · download a microsoft word file 
 · download an adobe acrobat pdf file.  if you do not have the free adobe acrobat reader installed on your computer, you can obtain it from www.adobe.com
 · order a full color printed copy of the article at nominal charge directly from office outlet publishing, 307-367-6763.



about david moore and www.battleofsaipan.com


this site is dedicated to preserving stories and information about those who served
in wwii, especially information about seabees and the battle of saipan.
you
might also be interested in david moore's companion site regarding research
on the roman pantheon and roman concrete, www.romanconcrete.com,
which includes portions of his book the roman pantheon: the triumph of concrete,
which can be ordered there.
contact david moore at:

or see his bio for background
information.

if you have a problem with this web site, please address problems to john moore at:


this site is hosted by wind river web services.  contact clint gilchrist
at clintoffout.com if you need web
based commerce or information services.

 

www.battleofsaipan.com















