
















columbia law review -































 






columbia law review


menu
close



search


submit










search for:


submit







site navigation

about the review

about the review
masthead
submissions instructions
symposium
alumni


membership

membership selection
transfer application process
publishable notes program


clr forum

pieces
podcast
comments


announcements

announcements 2024-2025
announcements 2023-2024
karl llewellyn lecture


rbg
archives

archived issues
archived mastheads
archived announcements


contact

contact
permission requests
purchase print issues

















in memoriam: justice ruth bader ginsburg


a series of tributes honoring the life and legacy of justice ruth bader ginsburg.



							read more						











							vol. 125 no. 1							


								immigration law							


								article							


							the immigration subpoena power						


							lindsay nash*						


for over a century, the federal government has wielded the immigration subpoena power in darkness, forcing private individuals, subfederal governments, and others to help it detain and deport. this vast administrative power has remained opaque even to those who receive these subpoenas and invisible to those it affects most. indeed, the very people targeted by these subpoenas often don’t know they exist, much less how they facilitate arrest and[...]										










								fourth amendment							


								note							


							digital dog sniffers						


							alice park*						


u.s. legislators are taking aim at technology companies for their role in the nation’s fentanyl crisis. members of congress recently introduced the cooper davis act, which would require electronic communications service providers to report evidence of illicit fentanyl, methamphetamine, and counterfeit drug crimes on their platforms to the drug enforcement administration. for the first time, such companies would be obligated to report suspected[...]										










								taxation							


								essay							


							fiscal citizenship and taxpayer privacy						


							alex zhang*						


should individual tax data be public or confidential? within the united states, secrecy has been the rule since the tax reform act of 1976. but at three critical junctures—the civil war, the 1920s, and the 1930s—congress made individual tax records open for public inspection, and newspapers published the incomes of the billionaires of the time. today, finland, norway, and sweden all mandate significant transparency for individual tax information.
this[...]										










								disability law							


								note							


							embryos are not people, but disability is difference: toward an antidiscrimination theory for reproductive services						


							kristen l. popham*						


women are becoming increasingly disempowered in reproductive choice just as new technologies offer scientists and clinicians more power and discretion in selecting the types of children to bring into the world. as these phenomena converge, a gap in antidiscrimination law has emerged. fertility clinic practitioners are free to refuse the transfer of embryos based on disability-related animus. mothers unable to prove coverage under the americans[...]										










								technology							


								clr forum							


							police technology experiments						


							elizabeth e. joh*						


police departments often adopt new surveillance technologies that make mistakes, produce unintended effects, or harbor unforeseen problems. sometimes the police try a new surveillance technology and later abandon it due to a lack of success, community resistance, or both. critics have identified many problems with these tools: racial bias, privacy violations, opacity, secrecy, and undue corporate influence, to name a few. a different framework[...]										










								civil law							


								note							


							reading minds: the mens rea requirement for ata aiding and abetting liability in light of twitter, inc. v. taamneh 


							alexei mentzer*						


the antiterrorism act (ata) enables injured parties to sue “any person who aids and abets, by knowingly providing substantial assistance, . . . an act of international terrorism [committed by a designated foreign terrorist organization].” in the supreme court’s 2023 twitter, inc. v. taamneh decision, the justices considered the elements of a secondary liability claim under the ata. while ultimately resolving the case based on the[...]										






 












					columbia law review				



secondary navigation

archived announcements
the bluebook
archived issues







					435 west 116th street new york, ny 10027
				

tel: (212) 854-4398
























			copyright © 2025 
			
				columbia law review			




















