













grinnell college | grinnell college

























      skip to main content
    




top nav - audience nav


students


current students


academic resources


living on campus


social connections


financial services


health, wellness, & safety


career exploration and preparation






families


academics


campus life


financial services


health, wellness, & safety


news, events, and communications


travel and transportation




faculty and staff


grinnellshare


academic catalog


dean's office




alumni


alumni community


giving to grinnell


volunteering


news and awards


events


college resources








top bar - utility links - left


visit


apply


give




top bar - utility links - right


news


calendar


careers


people














search button 











expand/collapse menu





about grinnell
expand




grinnell at a glance


land acknowledgement


leadership and administration


social innovator in residence


grinnell college national poll






admission and aid
expand




why grinnell


financial aid and cost of attendance


visit grinnell


apply to grinnell






academics
expand




majors and concentrations


the academic experience


global learning


centers, programs, and resources


libraries






life at grinnell
expand




distinctly grinnellian


student life


athletics


arts & culture


beyond campus


health, wellness, & recreation


transportation


civic engagement


student organizations






after grinnell
expand




center for careers, life, and service


graduate outcomes


grinnellians around the globe


alumni outcomes stories


alumni




























pause video
 



grinnellians cross disciplines and build bridges
see it in action




















        
            curiosity can take you anywhere.
      
  
    



this is more than a place, and much bigger than an idea. grinnell is a way of being and seeing. it’s an unwavering commitment to the journey of discovery, both in everything we want to do and everything we want to become.







no two journeys are the same. in fact, we’ve designed it that way.

welcome to the world of intellectual freedom. here, you’re in charge of how your studies take shape and where you want them to take you.












how we learn


free inquiry is no easy feat. you’ll think critically and creatively about the world around you. you’ll dive deep into theoretical and scientific research. you’ll work alongside world-class experts, advisers, and mentors who are dedicated to your success.


define your direction.













why we’re here


this is bigger than a degree. you’re at grinnell to discover what you want to do and what you can do for this world. to move issues of purpose, responsibility, and social justice beyond conversation and into tangible action. to build a career that matters, before even leaving campus.


make your mark.













who we are


we come from all over. we study all sides. across our open community, you’ll find we’re not afraid to step into unfamiliar conversations, challenging perspectives, or countries far away from home.


grow to know us.

























                featured news
              






                  more news










alumni news

excellence in student journalism: the scarlet & black earns top iowa college media association honors 


        
            staff members of the scarlet & black, grinnell college’s student newspaper, recently attended the iowa college media association (icma) awards ceremony, where they achieved remarkable success, earning multiple individual and staff awards. their dedication to high-quality journalism was recognized with one of the most prestigious honors of the evening—being named 2024 news & multimedia organization of the year.
      
  
    







campus & community

mj’s journey


        
            mj uzzi ’23 fell in love with grinnell’s community visiting and beyond, even during pandemic. she engaged with politics, studied abroad in sweden, and majored in economics!
      
  
    







academic excellence

associate professor darrius hills presents the 2025 grinnell lecture


        
            hills will present the grinnell lecture “the achievement of identity: soul work, salvation, and black manhood in the religious imagination of james baldwin” — at 11 a.m., thursday, feb. 13. the presentation is part of a celebration of our faculty’s collective research accomplishments. 
      
  
    









 








photo of welcome sign for grinnell college


        
            explore the campus
      
  
    

plan your visit


take the virtual tour









        
            grinnell at a glance
      
  
    





3,000+


        
            internship opportunities in the u.s. and abroad
      
  
    

get connected






9:1


        
            student-faculty ratio
      
  
    

meet our faculty






500+


        
            free events, lectures, performances, and symposia each year
      
  
    

grab a ticket











on the ground

catch what's new on campus and connect with grinnellians around the world.






follow along


















request info
visit
apply














1115 8th avenue
grinnell, ia 50112

641-269-4000


directions and map






museum of art
athletics
bookstore
careers



policies
privacy statement
consumer information
sexual respect
web accessibility statement







facebook


youtube


linkedin















we use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, enhance your user experience, provide better service through personalized content, collect data on how visitors interact with our site, and enable advertising services.
to accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "i agree." for more information about our use of cookies and how to opt out, please refer to our website privacy policy.



        i agree
      

        privacy policy
      
































