



internal kung fu - red phoenix productions






 











 



internal kung fu


 






 
 











:: home





:: kung fu basics





:: private instruction





:: videos and clips





:: iron body video





:: iron palm dvd's





:: kung fu links





:: special offer





:: humanhand.com





 




tai chi students:






here is the video of the short form movements.  (right-click and save to your computer.)


» tai chi movements











welcome to internal kung fu

my own interest in the martial arts stems from a lifetime fascination with the human hands (especially the "mystical" and "magical" aspects).  one of my favorite subjects has always been how internal energy can be projected through the palms, and i have had the privelege of studying different techniques with some of the finest teachers and practitioners.

after a personal experience with some very limiting health concerns, i turned my attention back to internal healing arts.  the results were immediate and profound, inspiring me to continue training even after my health had improved.  now i teach and give lectures on ways to reduce and manage stress in daily life.

like most people, i have a very busy schedule and no longer have several hours each day to devote to meditation and chi development.  now i have to choose carefully where to put my time and attention, making sure that any training i do is effective and beneficial enough to be worth the effort.

here you will find an assortment of techniques that i have found to be among the best and most practical.  (i look for great benefit with minimal effort, in holistic ways that enlighten the spirit and empower the individual.)

take a look at some instructional videos and demonstrations.

privacy policy:
my policy is, quite simply, privacy. i do not collect, sell, rent, or transfer personal information or email addresses.  cookies are used to collect anonymous traffic data, and by advertisers.

disclaimer:
the material presented here is for information purposes only.  no liability is accepted for your use, abuse, or mis-use this information, nor am i responsible for content provided by other websites linked to.  sitemap

 
 





kenneth lagerstrom,
british columbia representative
and first "intenational lohon"






 






 


© copyright 2003-2007 red phoenix productions.  all rights reserved.  written by kenneth a. lagerstrom






