

north coast dogs –cleveland and northeast ohio dog training&behavior












home
about us
classes
learning centers
in home training
seminars & events
retail
books & resources 
feedback

contact us

216-221-dogs




north coast dogs
training and behavior
mailing address: p.o. box 26274 
              cleveland oh 44126
phone: 216-221-dogs (3647)
email: mail@northcoastdogs.com 





north coast dogs offers positive reinforcement dog obedience training sessions and  canine behavior modification in cleveland and northeast ohio. group  and private sessions are offered in the cleveland area. our professional trainers also offer seminars and specialty courses on topics such as aggression and enhancing relationships between dogs and children. 
our dog training and behavior services are recommended by the cleveland area’s leading veterinarians, as well as our past and present clients. north coast dogs uses force free training methods, taking the mystery out of canine learning and uncovering the magic of the human-canine bond. all north coast dogs trainers adhere to the principles and positions of the association of pet dog trainers.
 

bulletin board:

discounts for shelter dogs




hours:
training sessions offered weekday evenings and weekends
retail  is available during scheduled events and sessions



stay updated via our facebook and instagram pages!




get tips on training, care, and dog-friendly events in the cleveland area.        
         


we offer live online options for all of our programs: private and group classes. we are also holding safe, in-person options for our programs.




for more information on our events for both people and pups, please visit our classes page.






just a few of our friends. want more? visit our instagram.







 
 
questions?
best way to reach us is via email:  
mail@northcoastdogs.com

 



 
 
 
 
 



 

like us? make it official!


 
 


 
 

 
 
 


 
 


feedjit live blog stats

		 
 
 
















last updated: 2021





