






blue sky spaworks |




























welcome
menu of services

facials
spaworks
massage
organic hair removal
at the nail bar
pedicure zone
hair services


purchase gift certificates
faq
gallery
careers
 





select page


  
 



 



 






welcome






















       valentine’s day promotion ends 2/14/25, make a gift card purchase of $200 or more & receive a bonus card of $25 (bonus card expires 12/31/25). we will also have a separate promotion for product purchases, of $200 or more, & receive the bonus $25 card (also expires 12/31/25), and will end on      12/14/25. not to be combined with gift card purchases.                                       








******acknowledgement of appointment: we require a verbal confirmation to move forward with any appointment. if we cannot obtain acknowledgment of a scheduled appointment, we will unfortunately have to cancel the appointment. make sure you are set up with text, and email reminders, to receive appointment details.

a credit card is required to hold any appointment: we will not proceed with any bookings, unless we have one on file. if you are paying with a gift card it must be presented at the time of check out. due to a system change, we no longer can accurately determine that a gift card linked to your name was purchased for you, or if you purchased it for someone else.



we have re-instated our cancellation policy, therefore you must cancel 24 hours prior to your appointment. for any last minute cancellations there will be a charge of 50% of the service price. for any missed or no show appointments, the full service price will be charged.


 any appointments that fall on a monday, we will now require 48 hours in advance for any cancellations or rescheduling of any appointment. we hope you recognize that we do set aside scheduled time just for you, and when these occur with no notice, we cannot book those who’ve been wait listed.

gratuities are greatly appreciated by your providers, in an effort to limit the amount of cash handling, we ask that you tip your provider directly. they accept cash, check or venmo, as we do not offer tipping on a credit card, or gift card. if you are a member of our vip program, you will be allowed the courtesy of using your card to leave a gratuity. not a member? inquire on how to become one.

please review our website for the most up to date, and accurate menu of services. all brochures were printed prior to covid, services and pricing are subject to change.



as an aveda lifestyle spa, blue sky spaworks in warwick, ri is socially and environmentally committed by its use of aveda pure plant and flower based products. our team of highly trained professionals is inspired to help you look and feel your best in a nurturing environment.

taking care of your body is essential for keeping the mind, body and soul balanced. listen to your body. treat your body well. untwist the knots, relax, rejuvenate and replenish yourself to restore balance.
experience the amazing well-being our treatments are designed to create. we’re dedicated to restoring balance and energy to your life.
stress, sun, environment, and signs of everyday living diminish with the skilled hands of our staff. we take a holistic approach to determine what will enhance your best features and suit your lifestyle.
blue sky spaworks is an oasis of renewal. our objective is to eliminate tension caused by busy work schedules and stressful daily routines. blue sky spaworks was designed and created with relaxation in mind. our treatment rooms are spacious and private, the atmosphere calm and tranquil. enjoy personal attention, expert care, an intimate setting, and exquisite treatments.
let us reawaken a feeling of well-being.

 
blue sky spaworks is the recipient of aveda’s holistic spa award 2004, and a five-time rhode island monthly readers’ poll wi5nner for best day spa.




blue sky spaworks 80 lambert lind hwy.
suite 12
warwick, ri 02886
tel. 401-739-0836
fax. 401-732-1536
hours monday 10-6
tuesday 11-8
wednesday 9-8
thursday 9-8
friday 9-6
saturday 9-4


 
shop aveda 

 






welcome
menu of services
purchase gift certificates
faq
gallery
careers
 



designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 














