















home | mississippi board of nursing





















































































      skip to main content
    















		covid 19 information
      



|




    employment opportunities
        



























search




























































welcome to the board of nursing




the mississippi board of nursing is a consumer protection agency with authority to regulate the practice of nursing through licensure as provided for by the mississippi state code.
 
 
 
 
 






 menu












































































practice & licensure















board















legal















investigations















compliance















office of nursing workforce








welcome to the board of nursing
the mississippi board of nursing is a consumer protection agency with authority to regulate the practice of nursing through licensure as provided for by the mississippi state code.























hearing public notices

admin hearings, motions, & settlements
starting at 8:30 am



















meeting public notices

committee meetings starting at 8:00am
board business meetings starting at 11:00am



















regulation filings

notice of public hearing on
proposed rule amendments



















recent news

announcements 
& press releases











updates





























holiday closure message 












holiday closure message 












ways to help our communities affected by the severe weather/tornados in ms












imposter warning

















view all updates









gateway login
the gateway provides a single, secure portal to manage licenses and certificates.






gateway login















faqs




view all faqs



getting accurate information can be one of the most important tools in driving your professional experience. we can help you get there.




































definition of active license









the licensee may engage in the practice of nursing at the level indicated.



















can a registered nurse administer blood or blood components in the home setting?









it is within the scope of practice of the appropriately prepared registered nurse to administer blood or blood components in the home setting.



















when is it acceptable to have after hours access to the pharmacy by a licensed nurse?









it is not within the scope of practice of the licensed practical nurse to access the pharmacy after hours to obtain medication.
it is within the scope of practice of the appropriately prepared registered nurse in certain limited situations, to access the pharmacy during the pharmacist’s absence as provided for in the mississippi pharmacy practice regulations. article xxix, section 4, subsection c of the regulations states, “whenever any drug is not available from floor supplies or other storage areas and such drug is required to treat the immediate needs of a patient whose health… read more



















is it within the registered nurse scope of practice to work on an ambulance?









it is within the scope of practice of the appropriately prepared registered nurse to function as a registered nurse on an ambulance provided:

the registered nurse is trained and competent in the care necessary for the patient and knowledgeable regarding the use of available equipment. this training and competence should be documented initially and on an ongoing basis;
there is a medical order, emergency protocol or standing orders directing the care of the patient;
the registered nurse functions according to accepted standards of practice;
the… read more



















can a licensed nurse apply anodyne therapy (monochromatic infrared photo energy)?









it is within the scope of practice of the appropriately prepared registered nurse to apply anodyne therapy system home unit.
it is not within the scope of practice of the licensed practical nurse to apply the anodyne therapy system home unit.











view more>>

















lpn education
the lpn education portal provides a variety of information, from starting a new program to program outcomes.


learn more






licensure quick links
we’ve put together a selection of quick links that can help you find the most important information that you need.














quick links 1






license verification


licensure by endorsement


licensure by application


licensure by examination



















quick links 2






advanced practice registered nurse


msbn gateway verification


mailing list


nclex testing


nursys verification



















quick links 3






continuing education requirements


laws and rules


position statement


reinstatement




























mississippi nurse voluntary program
the mnvp was established to assist nurses who are impacted as a result of substance abuse and/or mental health issue(s).
click to learn more


















online learning




most of ncsbn's educational video productions are designed to provide clarity about some of the most challenging issues boards of nursing face in their mission to protect the public. ncsbn is currently in production on several other videos, so check back here for new releases.











nursing journal
view the latest edition




















main navigation






home


the board


licensure


practice


investigation


compliance


legal


faq








mississippi interactive, llc | proprietary and confidential




 |  | mississippi board of nursing













