






canadian sport horse association | canada’s oldest indigenous sport horse breed registry.


































about

history
directors


news & events

news
newsletter
events


membership

become a member
membership benefits
advertise with us
partner with us


stallion directory

stallion listings a-l
stallion listing m-z
sport pony stallions
stallion performance premiums
sport pony stallion performance premiums


inspections

stallions
mares


registration & forms
contact
 


select page


  
 
 










canadian sport horse association
the canadian sport horse is canada’s oldest indigenous sport horse breed registry.










click here to view the 150 album















 
 
 
 







increase
your sales
register your canadian bred with a canadian registrycsha members benefit from the credibility of registering their breeding stock with a longstanding studbook that is respected worldwide.
find out more



improve
your exposure
share your successes & list your sale horses.send us your photos & brief description of your csh in competition and list your sale horses on our facebook page – canadian sport horse & sport pony
find out more



our partners
and other links
looking for a service or a sponsorship?csha is aligned with numerous companies that can help our members succeed in the sport horse breeding industry worldwide. see if your equine operation can benefit.
find out more















csha news & highlights!




2025 csha director nominations

january 29, 2029 ab - alberta agm - spruce meadow,  6:30 at equi-plex on - ontario agm - caledon equestrian park, palgrave, on national - agm - caledon equestrian park, palgrave, on there are positions available on chapter and national boards for the 2025-2027 term....




alberta central inspection

sunday, sept 1, 2024, csha alberta chapter will hold central inspection for mares and stallions at tartan farms, airdrie, ab. for information - https://www.csha-ab.ca/events-csha




line prep clinic

july 14, 2024 - preparing the line horse with andrea volasko at victorian hills stables. july 14 clinic_on



















stay informed!
send me information that will help me with my business!
sign up today



join the csha
enjoy all of the benefits of being a csha member.
join today!



be a partner
partner with csha and get in front of your audience!
find out more



 








get in touch! mon-thurs: 9:00 am – 4:00 pm
friday: 9:00 – 12:00 noon
380 mcnaughton road
maberly, on k0h 2b0
csha@canadian-sport-horse.org
tel: 613-686-6161



recent posts


2025 csha director nominations


alberta central inspection


line prep clinic


important upcoming dates see also events page.
 
 

 



designed by equinewebsites.ca | a division of quickstartmedia.com
 

 
 
 





























