





home - international foundation for protection officers
































































































































 















skip to content



 


search for:








toggle navigationhomeabout ifpolearn about ifpoboard of directorsifpo approved training center programpartnersdonate to ifpoeducationcertification programscertified protection officer programcertified in security supervision & managementcertified protection officer instructormaster security instructortraining programsinitial security officer programprofessional security officer programcontinuing educationworkforce enhancementnuology programstrain the security trainereducational institutionsrecertificationadditional informationmembershipindividual membershipcorporate membershipmember login portalour corporate memberscpoi listresearchcareer centercompetency modelssecurity circle podcastsecurity research projectsecurity education and research archivesveteran resourcesjob boardblogifpo storecontact us 


search for:








cart0
 





homebrandon2024-09-04t14:07:10+00:00 
international foundation for protection officersinternational foundation for protection officersmeaningful & cost-effective security training solutionsmeaningful & cost-effective security training solutionslearn moreabout usthe international foundation for protection officers is committed to the support and professional development of protection officers and supervisors.
learn moreour programsour safety training programs are designed to work on their own or as part of an existing curriculum.
learn moremembershipifpo membership is available to individuals, employers and educational institutions in the security industry.
learn moreintroducing the ifpo career centerunderstanding the scope and nature of the security industry is important for professional planning. you have to know where the entry points are. they must know how to start, how to progress, and how to succeed.
more informationifpo newsstay informed with the latest updates from ifpo! don't miss out on important news, events, and developments. stay connected and engaged in the security industry!
25 reasons why you should pursue a cssm certification from the ifposeptember 9, 2024read post
10 reasons why you should become a certified protection officer with the ifposeptember 9, 2024read post
foreign language competency for securitymay 25, 2024read post
strategies for effectively outsourcing securityjune 3, 2023read post
ifpo board emeritus member chris hertig accepted into the marquis who’s whomarch 31, 2023read post
ifpo’s security competency model accepted by the competency model clearing housefebruary 16, 2023read post
view our blogget in touchget in touch with us! we're here to answer your questions, provide support, and assist you with any inquiries. reach out and connect with us today.
learn more×contact ifpo

name(required)

first



last


phone(required)email(required)

what is your current status?(required)isoppsopcpocssmcpoiwhat certification are you interested in?(required)isoppsopcpocssmcpoimsicontact method preference(required)phoneemailconsent(required) we're committed to your privacy. ifpo uses the information you provide to us to contact you about our relevant content, products, and services.captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ





 
 
international foundation for protection officers
1076 6th avenue, north
naples, fl 34102
info@ifpo.org
t (239) 430-0534
educationcpoisoppsopcpoicssmmsieducational institutionsmembershipfor individualsfor companiesabout ifpoabout ifpoifpo approved training center programboard of directorspartnerscommon linksproctorsrecertificationretestingextensionsbooks & accessoriesadditional information© international foundation for protection officers | developed by pnx designs


 
 
page load link

sandi davies featured in latest podcast episode
sandi davies and bill tenney, ceo of asis international discuss their shared commitment to elevating security standards across the industry. tune in and listen to explore more!learn more
 


















 


go to top




