



	housing & food services - uw hfs






























skip to main content
















search hfs




live


experience

eat

explore





serach hfs




live

eat

experience

explore










housing & food services
uw student housing & dining











discover your new home
elevate your college journey with on-campus housing that supports your needs! discover more than just a room; find a community where you can explore your values, build connections, and uncover your hidden talents. your life is simplified – one stop, one bill, one priority: you.
explore living on campus








89%
of residents agree that living on campus enhanced their ability to live independently.




91%
of residents were satisfied with peers’ respect for each other’s individual differences.




95%
of residents feel safe in their residence hall room.


from the autumn resident survey, 2021
over 9,000 students choose to live on campus because
we are the uw. whether you want to pay for housing with a financial aid transfer, participate in a study-abroad program or graduate midyear, we support your academic success.
all-inclusive pricing. internet, cable, water, heat and garbage/recycling are all included in our rates.
location, location, location. residence halls and apartments are on or close to campus, saving you commuting time! your dining options are just a minute or so away.
no first and last. that's right! there’s no first-and-last months’ payment required.
an easy lease. you’ll enjoy an individual lease which means you can share a room or apartment with friends but without the worry of financial obligations with others.
ready, set, go. our rooms and apartments come furnished and ready for move-in—and there’s plenty of opportunity to personalize your space.
live with the pack. be part of an academic community where your fellow residents are uw students.
what it's like to live on campus
come along with one of our housing ambassadors and learn what makes every #huskyhome special.





amenities for residents


three residential dining venues—local point, center table, and cultivate

three student community centers—area 01, the 8 and the mill
fitness center west
two district market grocery stores, one on west and one on north campus

discover all the amenities for residents.
uw dining serves more than great meals
our resident dining program is all about choices. students living on campus can eat at any of our dining locations and use their residence hall or apartment dining plans. whether you live on west campus or north campus, there are food, beverage and grocery options nearby.
our commitment to students provides jobs where they can learn new skills, and our campus catering program gives back to our residents. learn more about uw dining including our responsible approach to sustainability and nutrition.





access your housing account and dining planmyhfs is the secure portal to your housing and dining accounts. once logged in you can make a payment, adjust your dining level, or authorize a guest to access your hfs account.


go to my hfs






husky card—your key to campusthe official identification card for uw students, including services such as your husky card account, access to your building and transportation.


get my husky card

feel safe while you explore your independence








"i appreciate that i am learning to live more independently."


                                    raven c.
                                
, first-year student





"i feel safe and at home here on campus."


                                    abigail f.
                                
, junior





"i appreciate the independence that my apartment space provides."


                                    caitlin n.
                                
, senior


























hfs
contact us
about hfs
staff jobs
meeting space
conference services
intern housing




uw
husky health & wellbeing
myuw
student life
disability resources for students
accessible technology
sustainability




connect with us








































                                1045 ne campus parkway
                                seattle, wa 98105 | hfsinfo@uw.edu









                            © 2025 housing & food services | university of washington
                        

privacy


terms


site map









