











































free gift cards for paid surveys, shopping and more | creationsrewards


















































×











loginregister



 


earn free cash online with creationsrewards

join for free
take paid surveys daily
explore content & offers
earn cash back shopping online
earn on the go with our smartphone app
redeem for free cash & gift cards!
rewarding members for 23 years





signup for free and start earning...


by registering, i agree to the terms of service and privacy policy. i agree to receive emails from creationsrewards, which i can change my preferences in my account.sign up











here's how you can earn free cash & gift cards for the things you do online every day.

























earning pointstake daily surveys, shop online, watch videos, explore websites, try offers, and much more. there is always something to do to earn points. we recommend logging in daily.














redeeming pointsredeem your points for free gift cards to your favorite stores, such as amazon.com or walmart. or redeem your points for cash through paypal. it's easy, and fun!










some of the ways to earn free gift cards with creationsrewards.
paid surveys
watch videos
visit websites
online shopping
complete special offers
refer friends & family
































































commonly asked questions

what is creationsrewards?creationsrewards is one of the internet's longest-operating online paid survey websites. we've been rewarding our members since september of the year 2000!we've been helping companies get the feedback they need to improve and develop new products and services, thanks to members like you who participate in the online surveys we offer. with our relationships with various market research companies, we are able to offer our members many paid survey opportunities.
how do i join, and start taking surveys?register for your free creationsrewards account. it takes just a few seconds to join using your email address. once you register, you can start taking paid surveys immediately.with the creationsrewards mobile app and website, you can take surveys from anywhere you are: at home, at work, traveling, literally anywhere! make sure you download our app for your iphone or android!
what kinds of paid online surveys are there?there are many types of online surveys. the most common involve your feedback and opinions about products and services you currently use. there are also surveys about giving feedback on advertisements, upcoming products, and online surveys about your shopping habits. these paid surveys help companies and brands improve their products and services.
what can i redeem my cr points for?you can redeem your cr points earned at any time. our reward options include paypal, and gift cards to leading stores nationwide. this is the best part of creationsrewards -- redeeming your points for a reward!







since the year 2000, we've been rewarding our members. 25 years strong!








ready to be rewarded for what you do everyday?
sign up now








paid online surveyswe offer many daily surveys that you can complete each day. visit our daily surveys area, and for each survey you complete, you'll earn rewards.
rewards for watching videoslike to watch videos online? get rewarded for each video you watch in our videos section. new ones are always being added, so check often!
get paid to try offerswe partnered with leading advertisers who want you to try their products & services online. check out our offer wall area where you can earn 1000s of points.
earn cash back for online shopping -- it's like a rebate on each purchase!
here's some of the stores you can earn cash back at:

freeze defensemichaelsoffice depot and officemaxsam's clubstaplesnewegg.comdisneystore.compier 1 importsvitamin shoppewalgreenshsnboscov's department storechoice hotels






main

home
login
register
how it works
frequently asked questions
customer care
terms of service
privacy policy



earn

paid surveys
watch & explore content
discover offers
cashback shopping
scratch games
promo codes
refer friends



my account

earning history
shopping history
referral history
rewards history
my profile
logout



customer care

customer care portal
contact customer care








©2000-2025 creationsrewards.net, llc. all rights reserved."creationsrewards" is a registered trademark of creationsrewards.net, llc.











cookies our website uses cookies to ensure you that you get the best experience on our website. cookie policy. by using this website, you agree to our terms of service and privacy policy. 


i accept cookies













