 








global health (asx:glh) | connecting clinicians and consumers














































































 




     

 








about uscompany overviewgovernanceleadershipour solutionsour brandsmastercarereferralnetprimarycliniclifecardhothealthinvestor resourcesfinancial reportsasx pageinvestor presentationsnewscontact uscontact uscustomer support




about uscompany overviewgovernanceleadershipour solutionsour brandsmastercarereferralnetprimarycliniclifecardhothealthinvestor resourcesfinancial reportsasx pageinvestor presentationsnewscontact uscontact uscustomer support

 


 

 





 





supporting australian healthcare organisations for 40 years
 
global health optimises workflows, enhances productivity, and drives improved patient outcomes through innovative digital healthcare solutions across australia.

  





global health limited
(asx:glh)

 


company overview
we are australian innovators delivering market leading patient-focused saas solutions for a seamless clinician and consumer experience.​

 


about us


our leadership
global health’s leadership is a team of visionaries in health-tech innovation, driving advancements for both clinicians and consumers.​

 


read more 




our brands
our portfolio of brands feature a range of software tools that encourage active patient involvement in maintaining their health.

 
































 




we offer a range of solutions via a portfolio of saas platforms
mastercare is a feature-rich suite of clinical and administrative modules designed to digitalise all relevant information for a provider organisation which enables ai for workflow automation and better clinical decision support.
referralnet provides end-to-end encryption that enables the secure sharing of sensitive patient and clinical data across the multiple healthcare organisations and clinicians involved in delivering care.
hothealth digital front door is an online digital engagement platform for data collection, telehealth consulting, appointment and event bookings, payments and content sharing through discussion groups and chats to promote information sharing between healthcare organisations and their patients.
lifecard is a personal health record platform that empowers individuals to better manage their health and wellness, by sharing their health data from traditional healthcare encounters, wearables and remote monitoring devices in a single personal repository.
primaryclinic is a comprehensive practice management software designed to streamline operations for medical, allied health, and specialist practices. it offers features like appointment scheduling, billing, patient records management, and medicare integration to enhance efficiency and patient care.

 


 





investor centre

 


asx announcements
visit the asx to view our latest asx announcements.

 


see the latest


financial reports
view the latest financial reports.

 


read more


asx: glh






  




global health achievements
delivering value and innovation

 





over 1,200 healthcare organisations use one or more of the company’s applications across general practice, specialists, hospitals, allied health and community health.​

 


 


1000+ 




healthcare organisations
global health products are deployed across australia

 


 


10000 




healthcare providers
supporting over 10,000
healthcare providers

 


 


3000000 




patient care
through our software we
have assisted over 3m patients

 





we work with clients across a range of health settings

 





mental health providers
global health provides a complete client record management solution made for entire mental health care team. our solution streamlines the delivery of multiple programs and services with tools that help with client assessments, data records, risk identification, reporting, appointments, sms reminders and billing.

 











community health
global health provides integrated software solutions for all areas of community health and human services such as drug and alcohol, disability, dental, post-acute care, community care, mental health services and community rehabilitation.

 











hospitals
global health provides hospitals and health services with software to connect clinicians and consumers, streamlining the patient journey. our hospital solutions enable the flow of information from digital referrals and online pre-admission to discharge.

 











general practitioners
global health’s products provide an all-encompassing practice management and medical system, including tools for setting appointments, patient online bookings, patient assessments, management plans and reporting.

 











specialists
global health’s products suitable for specialists provide a high level of patient and practice management, including tools for setting appointments, patient assessments, digital patient intake forms, management plans and reporting.

 











allied health
global health has several products suitable for an array of allied health professionals. our products can be used within multidisciplinary health teams and organisations as well as solo allied health providers.

 











pharmacists
global health’s products are suitable for the wider health industry, including pharmacy. pharmacists  can find a solution to efficiently manage patient data for additional services and programs; improving the patient experience.

 











aged and homecare
global health’s products all a remote approach to delivering healthcare in the home. our software and technology gives healthcare providers the opportunity to deliver best practice clinical care outside of a traditional care model.

 











consumer
global health has a core focus on putting the health consumer at the center of care. our lifecard application provides consumers with a centralised, simple and secure personal health record app. designed to make life easier, it is particularly beneficial for those with chronic or lifelong health conditions to connect with healthcare providers and to better manage their health.

 








 




latest news

 












issue of securities
global health limited (the company) has been made aware th...


14 february, 2025 















resignation of non-executive director – karen corry
global health limited (asx:glh) advises that karen corry h...


10 february, 2025 















global health limited announces december 2024 quarterly business report & appendix 4c
dec-24 quarter highlights customer receipts up 22% from pc...


21 january, 2025 








 





global health is proudly iso 27001:2022 accredited​

 




















		    contact us for more information	    



 








 











about companyglobal health is an australian public-listed company (asx: glh) with a comprehensive portfolio of healthcare software applications directed at “connecting clinicians and consumers”.
our digital health technology solutions are strongly focussed on patient engagement and connectivity across the sector.
	








 



contact usmelbourne head office
level 2, 696 bourke street,
melbourne, vic 3000 australia
e: enquiries@global-health.com
p: +61 3 9675 0600
 



our brandsmastercare
referralnet
hothealth
lifecard
primaryclinic
 



newsletter

 













© 2025 global health limited abn 75 091 377 892 terms and conditions 
 | privacy policy
 





 


































