manavdharam – man know thyself      
  office@manavdharam.org
  +91-11-28315232,











homeabout usmanav utthan sewa samitiintroductionmanav dharam – universal religionknowledge and meditationinitiativehumanitarianmeditationmission educationsadbhawana sammelanswachhta abhiyansocial serviceother linksprem nagar ashramsatpal ji maharajintroductionmessage of a satgurupadyatraeventsblogsvideosdonationcontact us
custom pagesaboutservicesblogportfoliocontactadditional linksretina homepagenew page examplesparallax sectionsshortcode centralultimate font collection  
the spiritual master acts 
like a spiritual catalyst 
in our journey to god.read more
all religions and scriptures 
are meaningless without the 
practical experience of the 
spirit dwelling within us.read more
wise are those who never 
fight over symbols but 
understand the essence of all 
religions which are one and 
the same for everyone.read more

before being hindus, muslims,
christians, sikhs, buddhists etc. 
we are human beings. what is
the common, eternal human 
religion which can unite humanity?read moremanav dharamwhat is the power which energizes you? what is the mystery behind the process of respiration? what is the vital energy on which everything depends? that life-energy isn't something which can be expressed verbally, yet it is the source of all languages. it is invisible, yet it makes us see. it cannot be known through logic or philosophy, yet the powers of reason and memory spring from it. it is the self in every single being and experiencing it, realizing it, is our natural dharam...
read moresatpal ji maharaj


shri satpal ji maharaj, the son of paramsant satgurudev
shri hans ji maharaj, was born on 21st september 1951
at kankhal in the holy town of hardwar.
his father’s life was one of selfless service to humanity
and of tireless devotion to the ideal of awakening man’s
dormant spirituality. birth in the family of an enlightened yogi,
combined with his own inherent tendencies, facilitated satpal ji maharaj’s
spiritual development from a very early age...
read moremanav utthan sewa samiti
introduction and contributions to societywith evolution of consciousness, spontaneous compassion arises to help the disadvantaged and to fight against social evils and injustice.
access to practical teachings of self-realization which triggers higher awareness is the first step in changing the individual consciousness.
as individuals change, so does the society they live in. it naturally follows that, as more and more individuals practice the spiritual path,
or dharam, the social consciousness finds a new direction, towards eradicating social evils  and the prejudices caused
by ignorance and lack of understanding. as shri maharaj ji says, the spiritual person cannot stand by and watch
injustice and do nothing about it.
read moresocial initiativeshumanitatariana congregation held all across india and abroad by muss under the guidance of shri satpal ji maharaj where thousands of seekers, devotees, saints...read more   mission educationmission education is a project to provide educational opportunities to disadvantaged children. it was started by shradhey ji and suyesh ji, the sons of shri satpal...read more   meditationthe self in each one of us and the universal self are one in essence. once the living links with god are revived and the channel...read more   sadbhavana sammelan‘sadbhavana’ means ‘universal love/goodwill/truth and harmony. ‘sammelan’ means a conference or gathering, so sadhavana sammelans...read more   messages for well being subscribe us  

concentrated mind can give you salvation  18 dec, 2018
mission education – educate child, educate nation  18 dec, 2018
what is the role of guru? – shri satpal maharaj || manav dharam  18 dec, 2018
what krishna teaches arjuna in the battlefield of kurukshetra?  18 dec, 2018
view morelatest blogs
 
buddha,
spirituality,
teachings of buddhaif the string is too tight, it will snap. if it is too loose, it will not play.” these were the great words of […] read more   
 
baisakhi,
spirituality,
baisakhiindia which is a myriad of zealous festivals and known for its rich culture, baisakhi is one among the most important ones. all the […] read more   
 
holi 2022,
spirituality,
holiindia has a rich tradition of celebrating various festivals. holi is one such festivals that has an ancient history with a number of folklores […] read more   
read more
tweets by manav dharam  follow @manavdharam  manav dharam

   posts followers following
 contact info  find us at the office :-manav utthan sewa samiti, 2/12 east 
punjabi bagh, new delhi,  india-110026  give us a ring -:-+91-11-28315232,      +918826899811  email us :-office@manavdharam.org upcoming schedule
sadhbhavana sammelan – rampur – uttar pradesh
2nd march 2025
global hall, modi factory parisar, bareilly road, rampur city
connect - +91 8800880838
holi festival – muradnagar, ghaziabad
13th & 14th march 2025
satlok ashram, hans inter college ground, muradnagar, ghaziabad, uttar pradesh
connect -  +91 8826899850
baisakhi festival – haridwar
13th, 14th & 15th april 2025
shri prem nagar ashram, haridwar, uttarakhand
connect -  +91 8941095252, +91 8826899850 associations  manavdharam australia  manavdharam uk  24hourradio  satsang by topic  satsang archive  download manavdhram app© 2017 manavdharam. all rights reserved       