

winners
on wheels!  wow empowers kids in wheelchairs by encouraging persona
achievement through creative learning and expanded life experiences!


























































































welcome
                to the official site of winners on wheels! 



wow
              empowers kids in wheelchairs by encouraging personal achievement
              through creative learning
              and expanded life experiences that lead to independent living
              skills.











 
                   
                  











kids
                this site is for you


winners
                on wheels is proud to provide you with a site that you can call
                home on the internet.  there are tons of cool things on
                this site for you to enjoy.  feel free to send wow an
                e-mail anytime letting us know how you like the site.  our
                e-mail address is: info@wowusa.com don't
                forget to visit the internet
                101 section and the wheels
                online section....they are awesome.











 
                   
                  











parents
                  and volunteers this site is also for you


winners
                  on wheels wants to provide the parents and volunteers with
                    the best amount of information possible online.  therefore,
                  we are working hard to post all necessary forms, publications,
                  contact information, etc...online so you can have access to
                    it anytime and anywhere.  the following sections of
                    the website have been created with you in mind:  parent
                  section, volunteer
                  section, publication
                  section, and corporate
                  section.  please feel free to contact wow via e-mail
                  @ info@wowusa.com
                  or phone @ 1-800-wowtalk. 












 




















last
        updated:  6.5.02 |  contact wow:  info@wowusa.com 
        |  phone: 1-800-wowtalk





















