 home page - hero nutritionals - gummy vitamins for kids and adults  
                   
skip to content








shoporiginalsorganicsvegetariansugar freevalue sizesour storycontact usfaqs0 items

shopping cart


great news! the original gummy bear is coming back...stay tuned! click here and we'll notify you when you can order your favorite yummi bears online!
is there a specific product you're looking for?originalsorganicsvegetariansugar freevalue sizesyummi slices
pure love deserves pure nutrition






lots of yummi choices!



we are the original children's gummy vitaminin 1997, we transformed the natural products industry by introducing the first all-natural gummy vitamin for kids. yummi bears  quickly became the best selling children's gummy vitamin and now we offer organic, sugar-free and vegan options to meet your child's needs!

learn more

we manufacture our yummi gummies® in our very own certified organic factory in southern californiawe believe that quality and trust matter most which is why we built our own gummy factory right here at our corporate headquarters!  and we are proud to be the only certified organic manufacturer with over 20 years of experience creating delicious and nutritious gummy vitamins that children just love.

flavors that will keep you coming back for moreit’s not easy to create an all-natural gummy vitamin that not only delivers the right nutrients, but also taste great. afterall, there’s a reason ‘yummi’ is in our name!

shop now



yeaaaaa! it’s vitamin timeit’s easy to create a daily routine of taking your vitamins with the irristable flavors of yummi bears.

shop yummi bears

find us in stores everywhere









shopour storyfaqscontact usplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.email  *subscribe!



















these statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.©2025 hero nutritionals, inc.  yummi bears | privacy policy |  netpaths ecommerce
scroll to top  
join us for health information and the latest in nutritionals!we will send you the latest yummi newsplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.email *subscribe!some restrictions apply where discount codes can not be applied to items already on sale or discounted for volume.  

0
your cart


apply                    
no products in the cart.subtotal:
$0.00

update cart                        

checkout                                                                     

