



aaron neville | official site of aaron neville
































aaron neville

news
music
photos
video
tour
links
bio
awards & honors
store
contact
 



follow aaron

facebook
myspace
twitter
youtube
rss



twitter
@aaronneville - may 8my wife is making some great images. real photos and ai images. cool stuff inspired by our farm. https://t.co/qbiqriikns@aaronneville - may 6maori chant https://t.co/lshqi5nzaj via @youtube@aaronneville - may 5bridge over troubled water https://t.co/wanwlhew7k@aaronneville - may 5maynard sings aaron neville https://t.co/tnowxnzf2i via @youtube




september 6, 2023
tell it like it is – out now!
aaron neville shares his story, complete with stories of overcoming struggles and finally achieving success, in his debut memoir ‘tell it like it is’: now available! read all about neville’s incredible path through life and own the book here. also, check out some of the events and media celebrating the release!
some early reviews are in…
“iconic new orleanian, platinum-record singer and songwriter aaron neville, a grammy hall of famer… candidly reveals his little-known personal and professional struggles.”
– booklist
 
“a gratifying, spiritual, and hopeful against-all-odds memoir.”
– library journal (starred review)
 
“the author’s life has been an inspiration…a worthwhile musical survivor’s story.”
– kirkus



august 9, 2023
aaron neville will ‘tell it like it is’ at the san diego festival of books august 19th
appearing virtually at the san diego union-tribune’s festival of books, aaron neville will recall some of his most fascinating stories from his brand new memoir, ‘tell it like it is’ in conversation with george varga of the san-diego tribune.  for more information, click here!
 



july 10, 2023
tell it like it is: my story – available everywhere september 5th!

hachette books: for the first time, legendary singer and songwriter aaron neville tells his personal story of overcoming poverty, racism, addiction, and loss through faith, family, and music.
 
“when aaron neville sings he is the mightiest of archangels. the truth he’s written in these pages is no less powerful. he tells his riveting story with all the triumphs and sorrows, joys and frustrations he has experienced in his eight decades of life.”
— linda ronstadt
“[neville] leaves readers sharing his conviction that his life has been something of a miracle and that ‘my voice was my salvation.’…the author’s life has been an inspiration….a worthwhile musical survivor’s story.”
— kirkus
with a career that spans six decades, aaron neville’s many accomplishments include four platinum albums, three hit #1 songs on the adult contemporary chart, and the 2014 grammy hall of fame induction of his r&b classic “tell it like it is.” despite this massive success, neville never thought he’d be here for this long. instead, his road to acclaim is a circuitous one, fraught with challenges.
born in a housing project in new orleans of black and native american heritage, aaron neville – known for his trademark falsetto – began singing in the projects of new orleans. but although he always wanted to sing, life often got in the way of this dream. a married father by the age of eighteen, aaron had a family to care for and often couldn’t support them through music alone. so while he had a national top 10 with “tell it like it is” in the ’60s, neville didn’t return to the spotlight until the late 70s with the neville brothers, the “first family of new orleans music.”
in between his times in the public eye, neville worked a wide variety of jobs—loading cargo, painting houses, digging ditches—to care for his family. he also served a six-month stint in orleans parish prison for car theft at the age of 19, was later sentenced for burglary, and struggled with a heroin addiction into the early ‘80s.
neville again reached the top of the charts in 1989 with his album of duets with linda ronstadt, cry like a rainstorm, howl like the wind. the album featured the #1 grammy-winning hits “don’t know much” and “all my life.” neville followed this with a string of hits including “don’t take away my heaven,” “even if my heart would break,” and a hugely popular cover of the main ingredient’s “everybody plays the fool.”
aaron’s story is one of overcoming incredible odds. by all accounts he should not have made it in the music industry. yet, here he is. even more remarkably, aaron’s story has never been told in full until now. tell it like is: my story (hachette books, 9/5/23) marks the first time the award-winning artist showcases the entirety of his career and life. aaron adds, “to all my fans and friends, i hope that you enjoy reading about my journey through life. all the ups and downs, ins and outs… buckle up, stay in the saddle, while i tell it like it is…and like it was.”
with raw and unflinching honesty, neville’s reflections shed light on a life not usually chronicled in literature: that of a mixed-race black man overcoming incredible odds through faith, family, music and resilience.


february 10, 2023
best american roots performance – 65th annual grammy awards
first of all, i want to thank god, st. jude, and everyone involved in this song about my life and stompin’ grounds. thank you to my team from red light management; marc allan, daniel romanoff. deep gratitude and congratulations to the producers: eric krasno, david gutter, martin shore and take me to the river. thank you to the musicians who played on the recording, the dirty dozen brass band, charlie the horn man, my son ivan neville, my nephew ian neville, george porter jr. thank you to the recording academy / grammys, my friends, the mighty neville brothers and to my dynamic wife sarah a. friedman, who without her i don’t think i’d be here.



may 6, 2021




january 24, 2021
aaron neville at 80
ahead of his big 80th birthday, aaron was interviewed by tidal magazine about his career, influences and his imitable singing style. check out the full piece here.

 


june 16, 2020
aarp magazine – coping with quarantine
aarp – david hochman: as america (and the world) continues to shelter in place to stem the spread of covid-19, we are discovering that social media offer more glimpses than ever into the lives (and living rooms) of actors, musicians and journalists. hear more on how some famed personalities are coping during the pandemic — and what they’re learning about the world and themselves in the process.


aaron neville, 79, soul and r&b vocalist and musician
currently sheltering: at home with his wife, sarah ann friedman







courtesy of sarah a friedman
aaron neville watering plants inside the greenhouse at his new york farm.







“they said that being almost 80, i would be a prime candidate to get the virus. plus, i have asthma. i don’t want to get sick. so, i canceled my tour dates and we’ve been home and isolated on our farm in new york. sarah runs the farm. i do the watering in the greenhouse and whatever else i can. we have about 100 chickens, plus strawberries, tomatoes and honeybees. we have enough food in our freezer thanks to two cows we used to have. their names were t-bone and ribeye. being from new orleans, i make a lot of red beans.
“our living room is now a recording studio. i have my piano plugged into the computer and i play free concerts on sunday on facebook. i’m drawn back, almost in a reverie in my mind, to playing the stuff i heard when i was a kid. i play spiritual music. i play doo-wop. it’s what i’m connecting with the most, and it’s bringing so much comfort right now.
“the rest of the time i’m doing what everybody else is doing. i’m staying in. playing solitaire sometimes. playing dominoes. walking out in the yard with my dog, apache. he’s a shih tzu pomeranian. about 15 pounds, but he thinks he’s 100 pounds. in the afternoons, i watch my soaps. the young and the restless and the bold and the beautiful.
“we have a plethora of trees here. i call them my cathedrai. i’ll sit out there and i’ll pray. i pray all the time lately. i pray for my family. i pray for new orleans. it’s sad what’s going on in my city. so many people sick. i feel for them. i feel for the whole world, wherever people are suffering. i pray and i sing. that’s getting me through. they say he that sings prays twice. what else can you really do?”


read the full piece on aarp.org.


april 23, 2020
jazz festing in place – 2020
thanks to wwoz, this year we’re ‘jazz festing in place’ for everyone’s health and safety. join me friday, april 24th at 11:00am (nola time) to hear my gospel tent set from 2010. and tune in all weekend and next for broadcasts from the last 50 years of jazz fest! listen live here: http://wwoz.org/listen/player/



march 21, 2020
warm your heart – live stream
please join me this sunday for a live stream from freville farm, llc, at 1pm et. attending church is very important to me. in absence during this time, i have been tuning into mass on tv and the internet like many of you. i’m looking forward to bringing you all some spiritual music in hopes that it adds to our unified healing.



march 13, 2020
jazz fest & tampa bay blues festival – postponed
my performances at this year’s new orleans jazz & heritage festival & tampa bay blues festival has been officially postponed. jazz fest is being postponed to the fall (official dates will be forthcoming) and the tampa bay blues fest will be taking place in april 2021.
 
see full statements below from the festivals with more details for ticket-holders.
***
jazz fest 2020 to be rescheduled for the fall
at the direction of city of new orleans authorities, in response to ongoing covid-19 health concerns, the 2020 new orleans jazz & heritage festival presented by shell will not occur this april and may, as scheduled. the health and safety of the community, our musicians, festival fans, participants, sponsors and staff are paramount, and we urge everyone to follow the guidelines and protocols put forth by public health officials.
jazz fest 2020 will now take place in the fall.  we will announce exact dates and additional details soon.  all purchases for the original dates will be honored for the fall dates.
thank you for your support and patience, and we look forward to seeing everyone this fall.
***
tampa bay blues festival
after consultations with the mayor’s office for the city of st petersburg, we have learned that our festival scheduled for april 3, 4, 5, 2020 must be rescheduled for a later date. we did everything within our power to save the event, but the corona virus and health concerns in florida have mandated this result.
all ticket and vip buyers will be honored on our rescheduled date. we do believe the festival will return on april 9, 10, 11, 2021. for those desiring a refund, arrangements will be made to return monies paid to us through etix or otherwise. details will be provided here, as soon as we have more information.
we are very saddened by this development, but these circumstances are beyond our control. our city manages the use of vinoy park, and has removed the venue as an option for us.
we are so very grateful for our tremendously loyal fans and sponsors who support us every year. your well-being is paramount in our thinking and we hope you’ll join us again at the next tampa bay blues festival. please stay safe and know that we truly care about each of you. best wishes!

1
2
3
…
13
«



©2025 aaron neville | log in














