





















welcome to jacobs | jacobs











































      skip to main content
    



















menu





all boards





accessibility























all boards
my boards



all boards










choose the preview option




all boards





my boards



confirm











view list





view cards













        favorites
      

          you haven't added content to this board yet
        












        welcome to jacobs
      














        data solutions
      

          as our clients navigate the digital transformation and growing cyber risks, we have positioned ourselves at the forefront of this growth, adding digital capabilities, products and tools to serve a growing set of customers.
        














        a q&a with...
      

          sit down with our visionary team of thinkers, dreamers and doers to see what a day in the life is like. 
        














        from the if/when podcast series
      

          a curated selection of some of the top-listened to and trending podcast episodes from our popular if/when podcast series, which has over 7m downloads to date.
        














        consulting & advisory
      

          together with our visionary partner, pa consulting, we're establishing our position in high end advisory services, creating a springboard to expand in high value offerings beyond the core.

        














        welcome to jacobs
      

          at jacobs, we're challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world's most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. with approximately $16 billion in annual revenue and a talent force of more than 60,000, jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector. 
        














        life at jacobs
      

          jacobs. a world where you can.
        














        water reuse
      

          as climate change threatens water security around the world, more communities are turning to water reuse as a resilient water supply solution and embracing the onewater principle that all water has value. jacobs has been supporting clients with water reuse programs for decades, beginning with the first applications of advanced wastewater treatment technologies in the 1960s. we provide our clients with a full range of services, from water reuse feasibility studies to design, construction and operations. 
        














        resilient environments 
      

          the only certainty about the future is uncertainty. resilience is an attribute of a smarter planet, and requires planning and adapting ahead of potential threats. we help our clients survive, recover, adapt and thrive.
        














        climate response
      

          as a purpose-led company, we know we have a pivotal role to play in addressing the climate
emergency. we consider this not only good business, but our duty to channel our technology-enabled expertise and capabilities toward benefitting people and the planet. 
        














        lead in drinking water
      

          for more than 30 years, jacobs has been responsible for planning and implementing lead and copper rule-related strategies which protect millions of people in the u.s. and canada. our work includes enhanced water quality monitoring strategies, sampling plan development, harvested pipe-scale analysis, lead service line inventories and replacement plans, corrosion control studies and the incorporation of equity and environmental justice considerations into compliance programs. 
        














        jacobs and the infrastructure investment and jobs act
      

          jacobs is working to help clients across the united states secure federal funding for projects that make our cities and communities more connected and sustainable. working hand-in-hand with clients from coast to coast and everywhere in between, jacobs develops bold, innovative solutions to address the nation’s toughest challenges.
        














        health system resilience
      

          now more than ever, we appreciate the hard work, sacrifice and dedication of the medical profession in ensuring the health and safety of our communities. 
        














        boldly moving forward
      

          together, we are stronger. together, we can transform the future.
        














        integrated program delivery & legacy
      

          we work in partnership, delivering some of the most challenging, diverse and innovative projects and programs globally across multiple sectors. we integrate complex interfaces across planning, procurement and delivery to help unlock better social, environmental and economic outcomes from mega and giga projects.
        














        water design-build
      

          we’ve provided design-build services to the water sector for over 25 years and delivered more than 150 projects. we offer fully integrated design-build and design-build-operate capabilities to tackle the most complex water challenges and work in close collaboration with our clients.
        














        collaborating to make a sustainable impact
      

          stories that capture our partnerships and innovative impact for a more connected, sustainable world
        











what are you looking for?


view the results at google, or enable javascript to view them here.










            about
          







who we are






company overview




what we care about






ethics & conduct






inclusion & diversity






innovation






safety, security & environment






sustainability








            what we do
          







end markets






advanced manufacturing






cities & places






energy






environmental






national security & defense






life sciences






transportation






water






all end markets




products & technologies






data solutions suite






all products & technologies








            our projects
          



            newsroom
          



            careers







            locations
          



            investors







            contact us
          








    accessibility settings





    stop animations

activating this feature will stop all interaction and design based motions and animations on the site for the duration of your visit.








    reading mask

activating this feature will create a focus area on the screen that will follow your mouse to eliminate distractions.


















aboutwhat we doprojectslocationsinvestorscareers
what are you looking for?


view the results at google, or enable javascript to view them here.


 at jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow – delivering outcomes and solutions for the world’s most complex challenges. with approximately $12 billion in annual revenue and a team of almost 45,000, we provide end-to-end services in advanced manufacturing, cities & places, energy, environmental, life sciences, transportation and water. from advisory and consulting, feasibility, planning, design, program and lifecycle management, we’re creating a more connected and sustainable world.find out more about investors day 
 
 
 
 
 




 



 putting sustainability at the heart of data center design powerful strategic partnership fueling innovation and transformation jacobs awarded environmental compliance contract with the us navy transforming healthcare in singapore: the future of patient-centered health at alexandra hospital jacobs appointed integration delivery partner for critical uk railway infrastructure program jacobs announced as program manager and owners engineer for xcel energyrecent winjacobs to manage major infrastructure project for ireland’s national transport authoritysupports critical infrastructure in ireland’s largest city.challenge acceptedinside global program management: a q&a with gareth heatleygareth shares key insights that drive success in delivering complex major programs.investorsjacobs reports strong fiscal first quarter 2025 resultsjacobs solutions inc. announced its financial results for the fiscal first quarter.visit newsroom what we dowe’re laser-focused on advancing our purpose: creating a more connected, sustainable world. with nearly eight decades of progress behind us, we’re driving forward with a streamlined portfolio and bold strategies tailored to our key end markets.advanced manufacturing cities & places energy environmental national security & defense life sciences transportation water  digital and dataunlocking data-driven solutions for a smarter future. we harness the power of data, advanced algorithms and deep domain expertise to turn challenges into solutions that drive real-world impact and shape a smarter future. our digital solutions empower clients with actionable insights, unlocking value across key industries.find out more our projectsour teams collaborate with clients to turn the world’s toughest challenges into impactful opportunities. wherever we work, our approach stays consistent – leveraging our proven expertise, top industry talent, and cutting-edge technology to deliver results. bringing new zealand’s largest-ever wastewater project to lifecentral interceptor, the supersized wastewater tunnel, will play a crucial role in ensuring cleaner waterways for central auckland, new zealand. future-ready travel: elevating passenger experience at atljacobs is helping reimagine airport infrastructure with cutting-edge technology, streamlined operations, and world-class amenities to enhance every traveler’s journey. a world expo like no other: elevating visitor experience and connectivityjacobs’ innovations in urban planning, accessibility, and sustainability created a dynamic, people-focused environment—setting new global standards for mega-events. from concept to cure: delivering high-quality veterinary medicines at speedby integrating advanced technology, sustainability, and precision execution, jacobs helped zoetis achieve rapid market entry with industry-leading biopharma solutions.explore all projects future foundationsco-creating the world to come. from developing climate resilience and transitioning to a low-carbon future, to modernizing and transforming infrastructure, governments and businesses face critical challenges. how they respond will define our future.find out more  thought leadershipthrough our insights and thought leadership, we tackle the toughest challenges head-on, offering practical solutions that turn complexity into opportunity. with a focus on innovation and real-world impact, we help clients and communities thrive in an ever-evolving world. podcast | navigating pfas: pioneering solutions for a healthier tomorrowour guests for this if/when podcast episode are defining the solutions for clients and the industry at large: sharon minchak, global solutions director for remediation and regeneration at jacobs, and dr. russell ford, global director for drinking water & reuse solutions at jacobs. water, energy and food: water’s role at the nexus of three critical resourcesdiscover the critical role of water in the water-energy-food nexus where we showcase integrated strategies to tackle interconnected global challenges and promote sustainable development. accelerating deliverability and healthier returns in active travela five-lesson framework: leverage proven strategies to maximize the impact of active travel, creating healthier, more sustainable communities with strong returns.explore all thought leadership  life at jacobswhat drives you drives us as we build a better world together. at jacobs, every day is an opportunity to make the world better, more connected, more sustainable. we’re always looking for dynamic and engaged people to join our team. bring your passion, your ingenuity and your vision.explore open roles 

useful linksabout uscareerssolutionsprojectsinvestorslocationsother resourcesmodern slavery act statementsupplierscompany storefile transferjacobs integrity hotline +1.844.543.8351 integrity.jacobs.comfollow uslinkedin instagram x (formerly twitter) facebook youtubecontact us © jacobs  |  all rights reservedcookies policyprivacy statement & terms of use





    -





-
















































