





pspaudioware handcrafted audio effect & processor plug-ins.














































open main menu














                  products
                

                  downloads
                

                  store
                

                  artists
                

                  company
                

                  support
                




   


     



   


search


   













            products
          

            downloads
          

            store
          

            artists
          

            company
          

            support
          
















the alan parsons plug-in project psp wobbler 


learn more!



















i have been proud to help psp develop this amazing new plug-in which emulates some of the effects i used on the dark side of the moon.alan parsonsa grammy award winning producer, musician, and audio engineerpink floyd, the beatles, pilot, al stewart, the alan parsons project and more









in today’s market, it’s great having the datamix mic pre and equalizer available to use on contemporary pop/rock, r&b, hip hop, metal – where every producer/engineer is looking for something different. this is the weapon of choice!eddie kramerengineer, producer, knob twiddlerjimi hendrix, the beatles, led zeppelin, kiss, rolling stones and more ...









psp vintagewarmer has a sound that leaves a legacy for mixes years from now.johnathan turnergrammy award winning mixer & engineerkendrick lamar









the all new lexicon psp42 is fabulous, works way better than ... that is my favorite delay of all of em.jimmy douglassgrammy award winning producer, mixer, engineerjay-z, pharrell williams, justin timberlake, missy elliot









psp saturator is an important part of my mixing tool kit. it is so powerful  for doing everything from subtle euphonic enhancements to radical transformations.ronan chris murphyproducer, engineer, artistking crimson, gwar, ulwer, mafia iii 









this psp infinistrip is sick!!! there are so many great presets that i’ll probably  never need to make my own. you really outdid yourself on this one.michael brauera multiple grammy winner mixer, producercold play, john mayer, the kooks, aretha franklin, grizlly bear










previous





next











i have been proud to help psp develop this amazing new plug-in which emulates some of the effects i used on the dark side of the moon.alan parsonsa grammy award winning producer, musician, and audio engineerpink floyd, the beatles, pilot, al stewart, the alan parsons project and more






in today’s market, it’s great having the datamix mic pre and equalizer available to use on contemporary pop/rock, r&b, hip hop, metal – where every producer/engineer is looking for something different. this is the weapon of choice!eddie kramerengineer, producer, knob twiddlerjimi hendrix, the beatles, led zeppelin, kiss, rolling stones and more ...






psp vintagewarmer has a sound that leaves a legacy for mixes years from now.johnathan turnergrammy award winning mixer & engineerkendrick lamar






the all new lexicon psp42 is fabulous, works way better than ... that is my favorite delay of all of em.jimmy douglassgrammy award winning producer, mixer, engineerjay-z, pharrell williams, justin timberlake, missy elliot






psp saturator is an important part of my mixing tool kit. it is so powerful  for doing everything from subtle euphonic enhancements to radical transformations.ronan chris murphyproducer, engineer, artistking crimson, gwar, ulwer, mafia iii 






this psp infinistrip is sick!!! there are so many great presets that i’ll probably  never need to make my own. you really outdid yourself on this one.michael brauera multiple grammy winner mixer, producercold play, john mayer, the kooks, aretha franklin, grizlly bear

























psp vintagewarmer2









psp wobbler









psp datamix a567









psp easyverb









psp chamber









psp flare









psp 2445 emt









psp infinistrip









lexicon psp 42









psp binamp









psp e27 avedis









psp 608md









psp springbox









psp 285









psp pianoverb









psp saturator









psp echo









psp consoleq









psp nobleq









psp pianoverb2









psp hertzrider2









psp impressor









psp stereocontroller2









psp xenon









psp oldtimer me









psp stepdelay









psp oldtimermb









psp auralcomp









psp auralcontrol









psp l’otary2









psp stompdelay









psp stompfilter









psp fetpressor









psp twin-l









psp mastercomp









psp masterq2









psp busspressor









psp neon hr









psp b-scanner









psp nexcellence









psp preqursor2









psp mcq









psp retroq









psp classicq









psp triplemeter









psp n2o









psp x-dither









psp stereopack









psp mixpack2









psp 85









psp flow










previous





next




browse all plug-ins









psp and "it's the sound that counts!"  are trademarks of pspaudioware.com s.c. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

copyright 2001-2025 psp audioware



menu
 

  
products




  
company




  
artists




  
store




  
support







information
 

  
privacy policy




  
license







  
my account




  
register







contact
 

  
+48 601 963 173





  
general information

 
contact@pspaudioware.com







  
sales

 
sales@pspaudioware.com









follow us



youtube



facebook



twitter



instagram



copyright 2001-2025 psp audioware








