








mcgregor | vacation | minnesota | fishing











































































skip to content








 menu

our natural wonders

savanna portage state park
minnesota national golf club & resort
rice lake wildlife refuge
big sandy overlook tower
sandy lake recreation center & libby dam
recreation lakes
adventure-ready rivers
atv trails
snowmobile trails


where to stay
where to eat
events

events calendar
wild rice days
taste of mcgregor
chamber annual dinner


contact us






about the chamber
partnership
business directory
submit community event


facebook
instagram

open search window
















 













 




lodging 



stay awhile and discover mcgregor! 








 




dining 



savory dining for all tastes! 








 




recreation 



adventures abound on lake and land. 








 




events 



upcoming events at mcgregor. 























mcgregor, mn 



where natural wonders never cease. 



mcgregor, minnesota, is a place where kids of all ages still have the freedom to be kids and the good ol’ days never left town. and the sooner you get here on vacation, the quicker you’ll know what we mean.our natural wonders never cease and feature many reasons to love mcgregor. it’s the only place you’ll find a nationally recognized wildlife refuge, a state park on a continental divide, 15 recreational lakes and three adventure-ready rivers for fishing, boating, and fun, 12 boat-in/boat-out restaurants, an overlook tower, 27 holes of championship golf, and the largest interconnected atv trails and snowmobile trails in minnesota—all within 20 minutes of each other.and at the heart of it all—whether you come for vacation, fishing, or relaxing—you’ll find the town of mcgregor’s locally sourced foods, wines, creativity, and history. come for a vacation any time of year and experience mcgregor—where natural wonders never cease. 





























 94 north maddy st. | p.o. box 68 | mcgregor, mn 55760

search

search for:


 search



helpful linksabout the chamber
partnership
business directory
submit community event



office hours:
monday – friday
9:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m.



218-768-3692
chamber@mcgregormn.com









facebook
instagram

open search window


visit mcgregor, mn.

 



contact us
sitemap

© 2025 mcgregor chamber •  copyright © 2020 - citygov theme







search for:


 search

close search window


↑




 









