








	box partners























































search





















about us 

our story
leadership team
our mission
careers
news



become a partner


products 




anti-static
bags-poly
bins, shelving & storage
boxes - corrugated
boxes - mailers
bubble, foam & cushioning
cable ties


chipboard cartons
edge protectors
envelopes & mailers
facilities maintenance
gloves
janitorial supplies
labels


mailing tubes
markers & stencils
material handling
moving boxes & supplies
packing list envelopes
papers, newsprint & tissue
retail


safety products
shrink film
strapping
stretch film
tags
tape
warehouse supplies






sustainability


marketing tools 

e-mail blasts
product flyers
products link
shopping cart websites
catalogs



contact us
















your business
backed by box.


                                at box packaging partners, we take the partners part of our name very
								seriously. we're not just a supplier, far from it. we're a comprehensive,
								wholesale partner that gives you what you need when you need it.
                            

                                we offer the widest range of in-stock packaging and shipping products with fast delivery. 
							this includes confidential drop-ship programs direct to your customers, complete marketing support and 
							technology solutions to help you sell packaging.
                            

learn more about box





























previous



next











view catalog





login now





see what's inside


















sometimes you need standard shipping and packaging products. so, we stock them. sometimes you’ll need hard-to-find products. so, unlike many of our competitors, we stock those, too. in fact, we stock more than 20,000 items so you can get what you need, when you need it. always.







we can next-day ship. we can drop ship. we can ship big packages and we can ship small. however you want it, we can ship it. and do it fast.







think of us as three million square feet of inventory with zero investment on your part. how’s that for great? you’ll also get the smart technology, support, and marketing tools you need to grow your business. and we’ll never, ever compete with you. you have our word on it.





























the moment you become a box distribution partner, you instantly add more than
										3 million square feet of virtual warehouse space to your business. your total
										investment? zero dollars.


                                when it's time to ship your order, we always make it easy as possible. need a single case
								shipped across town? no problem. sending a full truckload across the country? we've got
								you covered. we can drop ship your order to you, or directly to your customer. no matter
								where, when or how we're shipping, you will always have the confidence that your order
								will be on time, every time.
                            





















sustainability matters. it's just that simple. it matters to the planet first and foremost. we all want to use less energy, produce less waste and use more recycled materials. we all want to do our part to make the world a safer and healthier place to live for everyone.

it matters to you and your customers. because companies of all sizes and consumers around the globe are demanding their suppliers incorporate sustainability into their supply chains, their operations and their product lines. people want to do business with companies who are making an effort to go cleaner and greener.
at box, we're leading the way in the packaging industry by offering environmentally friendly products and making commitments to reduce our carbon footprint and environmental impact. and we invite you, our customers to come along. because what we do affects you. and our sustainability efforts are your sustainability efforts, too.



























box partners, llc. 2650 galvin drive elgin, il 60124
®2025 box partners, llc  all rights reserved





home


privacy policy


terms


supplier code of conduct


contact us














partner updates
stay updated with critical partner announcements, including pricing, product, and service notifications relevant to you and your business.
get updates














let's chat!















