





labia love - the 2003 international labia blogathon











labia love - the 2003 international labia blogathon
beautiful strangers!
blogathon · contributors · join ·labia loving links ·guestbook · contact



about
in 2003, the second annual international labia blogathon is being held on the 9th and 10th of april to spread labialove, body acceptance and proclaim an end to genital shame.



history
the first ever international labia blogathon was founded and held by sarah in april 2002.
working as a sexpert and volunteer at scarleteen.com, sarah had noticed the abundance of posts made by girls complaining and worrying and wondering about the size, shape and colour of their labia. she felt a positive counterpoint to that negativity and labia non-loving was direly needed.a regular blogger and online diarist, sarah decided on a blogathon to proclaim labia love, body acceptance and an end to the shame many girls feel about their genitals.
- on april 2nd and 3rd 2002, 20 people of all genders, many of them seasoned sex writers and online-journalists, joined in for two days of blogging and journaling on labia love.
now, a year later, we're doing it again: there can never be enough body positiveness!this year, the 2nd international labia blogathon and sarah are supported by fellow scarleteen sexpert and volunteer caro.


share the love and spread the word
want to join in and share your positive thoughts on labias? (and the rest of the vulva, obviously!)
great! participating is easy:
no matter whether you have labias yourself or not, everyone's positive thoughts and ideas are welcome, no matter in what form - be it personal essay, general rant or poetry.
on the 9th and 10th of april, post your piece on labia love in your blog or diary , providing a link to this site. we'd like to feature links to all labia-loving things written as part of the blogathon right here at the blog with little excerpts, so if you write about labia love, please send us a link to your post via email or leave a message in our guestbook.
if you don't have a blog or website, you can still participate: write your piece and send it to us at labialove@hotmail.com - we will then post it right here, anonymous, if desired.
use that same email address to let us know in advance that you want to join in, so we can put you on our contributors list. why not link back to us with our pretty logo? (please host it on your own server though.)


labia loving websites
links marked * contain 'adult' content - by clicking you're certifying you are of age and in a location to legally view sexually explicit material.
scarleteen: sex ed for the real world
house'o'chicks - home of the wonderous vulva puppet
all about my vagina
betty dodson - genital art gallery*
vaginarts
joani blank - femalia


contributors
links marked * contain 'adult' content - by clicking you're certifying you are of age and in a location to legally view sexually explicit material.
sarah
caro
sabrina dent
anat
wobblyheadedjane
seska*
yukari rymar
heather corinna
kythryne aisling
debra hyde*
diane ravella
thecagedone
jennifer bennett
penny
vaspider
lauren @ soapboxgirls
ian
lin
garrity
stephen luntz
reina
uberwench
lelabeth
judah mcauley


thanks 
the team of the 2003 labia blogathon thanks the following people and website for linkage and recognition:
links marked * contain 'adult' content - by clicking you're certifying you are of age and in a location to legally view sexually explicit material.
dazereader*
soapboxgirls
http://unnur.klaki.net/mind (icelandic)
sexblogs.org*
la di da




saturday, april 12
{sabrina dent: labia lovin'}  i love men who love labia. and i don't just mean love it in the abstract, in some academic sense of appreciation; i mean love labia, really love it, up close and personal. to me, there are few things more intimate than lying in bed on a sunny weekend afternoon, splayed legs akimbo, with a lover's head resting on one thigh, face less than a foot away from my pussy. that's up close. that's personal. to be on display like that, to share the hidden knowledge of my own topography -- that's more intimate than intercourse. if that lover tenderly and lovingly explores those folds and valleys -- if he strokes them gently, blows on them hotly, coaxes them inquisitively, later licks them lovingly -- not for arousal, but for understanding and appreciation of me, of my unique, beautiful construction, i feel like a goddess. i've always thought my vulva was a thing of beauty, and i guess i've been lucky through the years in that my partners have, too. my college boyfriend went so far as to open the centerfold of an issue of penthouse, and then open my own centerfolds to tell me why my pussy was more unique, more beautiful, and more arousing than the airbrushed perfection on the glossy paper. while i never had an issue with the arrangement of my labia, that kind of labia-loving did a lot to augment my love of my own body, to create a kind of confidence that stood me in good stead. years later, there was another lover, another bed, and another afternoon, and i was gently resting in the after currents of some particularly poor sex. "i love my pussy," i sighed, idly stroking it, trying to encourage him to come along and love it a bit more, too. "yes," he said tentatively. "it's very... big." "big?" i said, incredulously. he could offer no exact explanation, and i never did figure out what he thought he was talking about. briefly, i became distracted by the dimensions of my nether-regions. my vagina, i knew, was absolutely fine; one can hardly drive a lorry through it. my labia, however, i had never really pondered in isolation. that afternoon, i left (who wants to waste a sunny day on mediocre sex?) and went home, where i propped a mirror between my legs and intently studied my labia for the first time. and you know what? it was actually all much smaller than i'd ever thought it was. it was certainly smaller than it felt to my own hands, much smaller than the sensations it channeled under a partner's mouth or fingers, and much smaller than the pleasure it exuded. "heh," i thought, "neat." and that was the first and last time i ever doubted that my labia was perfectly, beautifully lovely. had i opened my legs and discovered that my labia were actually quite large, i don't think i would have felt any differently about them. as my excessively cool friend tara says, "big fannies rock" -- fanny, in this case, being the british euphemism for vulvas, not bums. as stephen noted in the previous guest entry, "it's as if a woman born with prominent labia is somehow more sexually provocative." i would go so far to say that a woman born with prominent labia is somehow seen as more sexual, and therefore more sexually threatening. that, i decided, was what my disappointing lover had been saying that afternoon. not that the actual size of my pussy was large, but that my sexuality as a whole was large: driven, joyous, flowing, desirous, demanding, knowing. and yet this man tried, in his ineffectual way, to shame that, to shame me, by castigating my labia based on size. needless to say, i never saw him again, and among my circle of girlfriends at the time, he became the totem for men with bad lovin' issues. conversely, those men who revel in the vast variety of women's vulvas, who have no fear of the power in the vortex, are the ones i hold dear to my heart; men like judah mcauley, who wrote such a top-notch ode to labia that the urge to fly oregon and bed him immediately is nearly overwhelming; men like stephen luntz, who sees the political agenda of sexuality and shame with transparent clarity in a wholly admirable way. (and points out that australia is really not much further than oregon. like i hadn't noted that myself.) so, make notes: loving labia is not only the right thing to do, it's an excellent pulling tactic. now go love some labia near you.11:04 pm · discuss
{stephen luntz: labia donw under}  australians generally like to think of ourselves as a sophisticated and relatively liberated people, far from our international image as redneck hicks. we have, for example, the largest queer festival in the world. and millions of straight people go along to cheer, or watch it on tv. but if the public is sophisticated, the politicians are not. a particularly scary example is that, down under, the classification rules for sale of magazines in newsagents are different depending on what a woman's labia look like. i kid you not - if her labia are too protruding, too complex or coloured too differently from the rest of her skin, then a magazine with a shot of a woman's genitals is classified as porn. it can't be sold to under 18 year olds; it must be sold wrapped in plastic, even if in a place that minors may not enter; and in our third largest state, it can't be sold at all. if, however, her labia are more "discrete," you can include several photos, and the magazine can still be sold on a general counter provided there is not too much other sexual content. technically the standard that must be met is "discrete genital detail". this is not law. it's an interpretation made by the office of flim and literature classification (oflc), a government appointed body that decides which films, books and magazines can be viewed by everyone, which by those over 18, and which are banned outright. of course it has little control over the 'net, although attempts have been made in that area as well. the decision that genital detail is relevant to classification is not something we can blame on our far-right government. it started when labor was in power. however, since the current government was elected, they have stacked the board of the oflc and female genitals have had to be more and more "discrete" to get passed. pretty obviously the whole thing is symptomatic of some very sick minds - as if a woman born with prominent labia is somehow more sexually provocative. it also makes things very tough on magazines that walk the line on how much sex is too much. if you can't show genitals full stop, at least you know where you stand. but what is an editor supposed to do - peer at the model's bits and say "i think that's discrete enough, lets run it"? (could make for an interesting job description). what is more, classification takes weeks and costs a fixed sum of money - chicken feed to mainstream publishers, but heaps for independant (often women run) magazines. naturally what playboy et al do is photoshop the images so that all the models look the way the censors like it. this means that there are a lot of aussie men who get a real shock the first time they see a real vulva. but what is worse is the effect on any women who pick up a soft-core porn magazine -- because all the images are made to look the way a tiny proportion of women look in reality. it would be as if a girl was raised in a world where every breast she got to see was silicon enhanced. damn right she'd have body image problems. the one mainstream sex mag for women here closed down a few years ago, largely because of the weird censorship laws that kept reclassifying it between the categories. in one edition they wanted to do a series of shots of women's genitals to show readers how broad the range of what is normal is so they would feel more comfortable with their own. it was ruled out of court because some of the shots had labia that were too out there, and if they included those they'd have to sell the thing through sex shops, not on the main stands. the images were done more medically than erotically, but they were still told it could not be sold in newsagents because there were too many shots, and some of them were not discrete enough. as the ex-editor of this magazine commented, what the oflc deem the acceptable face of fanny is one that only the minority of adult women have. but most pre-pubescent girls look much more like that. so maybe we have the first case in the world of a government which actually encourages child porn. as she said, "now that's sick".11:02 pm · discuss
friday, april 11
{judah - where would we be without labia?}  as i write this (late on april 10th) we are approaching the end of the 2003 international labia blogathon. the labia blogathon is an effort to counteract the negative attention that has been placed on women's (particularly young women's) genitals. i came across the blogathon via sabrina who showed me the wonderful version of the song layla found at heather corrina's journal. it seems that women are being told that their labia are large or ugly or discolored, etc. and, of course, the answer to the made up problem is to buy more "women's" magazines and get plastic surgery. some women are actually going to the extent of having elective surgery to "fix" their labia so they are "perfect". now i'm all for personal body modification but trimming your labia to meet some photoshoped ym notion of beauty is pretty fucked up. i'll get this out of the way up front: as tom robbins said of plucky purcell, i am a "pig for the pussy". since i am not daily caretaker of a personal set of labia majora, i don't know what functional purpose they serve. but from an audience appreciation point of view, i can say i think they are fantastic. i love watching a pussy get aroused. when the blood starts rushing in and the outer lips start turning pink and getting puffy, damn, you know things are going in the right direction. they open up like a fantastic flower, crinkling up in a "hey, nice to meet you" smile. each smile is individual, unique and at that moment, its a smile just for you. pulling apart the labia is opening a present. feeling the warm flesh, pulling gently and rolling them under your fingers, exposing the shiny inner folds that waft that alluring scent; they greet your tounge with a tender hug as it explores all of the ridges and valleys exposed beneath. i'm not a religious man, but that is a fine house to worship in and offer your silent, whispered prayers. the variety of the human form amazes me. and the labia are no exception. think of all the emotion, experience and age that go into making a face your own. all of that is true for the rest of our body as well. the individuality that makes your time with one person different from another should be celebrated. and given how blessed we are to be uniquely sexual creatures, i say we celebrate the diversity of sexual bodies and sexual beings as well. so here's to the labia! if you have them, please keep them safe and happy. they deserve all the love and care you can give them and i will sleep more soundly at night knowing that they are in good hands.2:23 am · discuss
thursday, april 10
{lelabeth: all about labia}  this just in: apparently, nowadays young women are worried about the attractiveness of their labia. oh dear. now, not only am i supposed to worry about my body fat percentage, my carbohydrate intake, my relationship with the muslim world, the degree of starched brightness exhibited by my workshirts, my colon, my mother, my gradepoint average, sars, the status of my teacher's visa, the cleanliness of my make-up brush, oh and that pesky war...  but now.apparently.i'm s'posed to be concerned about.the visual appeal of my vaginal lips. oh. dear. i've been reading, on heather corinna's really excellent site, about the young women who write in to the bulletin boards at scarleteen, complaining that their labia are ugly, weird, misshapen, too this, too that. man, i gotta ask, where is this stuff coming from? i mean, in my lifetime, i've probably fretted about everything else there is to fret about. you know. the usual suspects. fat thighs. poochy belly. acne. the scary bush. (yeah, yeah, the one in the white house too, but that's for another entry.) but it never even occurred to me to fret about the nature of my labia. i'll even admit something a little embarassing: i had to go look up what, exactly, is a labia before embarking on this entry. (you too?: okay, they're the lips of the vagina. you know, all those crazy red folds surrounding the rest of the good stuff.) me, the diligent student of anatomy, ignorant entirely of this vital area of the female body, this terrain of anguish for today's young women! okay, sheesh. i mean, like most of today's nubile young wenches, i know the big ones: like clitoris, vagina, and uterus. did i mention clitoris? clitoris clitoris clitoris! okay! but here i am writing about labia, because i just found out that the excellent folks over at scarleteen are hosting a labia blog-a-thon. and i was like: fuck yeah, lemme get summa dat! i am always up for a good labia blog-a-thon. so this is my two cents, about labia. to be honest, i'm having a difficult time writing about my labia because, well, i can't seem to isolate them. i told bryan this last night, walking home late late, in the rain, after work: i like to think about the whole dish. the whole entree, in all its symphonic unity of form and purpose. (cough.) i will tell you this, though: i have a beautiful pussy. and i am not afraid to use it. and, as a woman who has seen numerous sets of labia, i can't think of any that were anything but delicious. one other thing thing i can tell you, pussy is not for the squeamish. it's an undeniably animal experience. you take the most well-tailored woman, painted up in make-up and expertly dressed: you see mostly the flat, uniform material that covers every bump and ridge and mole on her skin, on every kind of skin. but you know, and i know, that underneath all that cover and control, she is an animal. she has that red, pungent gash that butterflies so obscenely when you spread it apart. that canyon that makes the most mundane being, that stockbroker, that carwash attendant, whoever, into a beautiful, panting beast in the sheets. you know what i'm talking about... that other world, completely outside the ordinary, bordered and guarded and decorated by those slippery gates.  to me, that's what makes a woman so irresistible: the animal between her legs. it's beautiful because it's obscene, because it's weird-looking, because it doesn't look like something that mattel or l'oreal would design out of injection-molded plastic and arrange five to a shelf. and when a woman knows how irresistible she is, precisely because of her one-of-a-kind, she has an incredible sexual power. so there.11:07 pm · discuss
 {stephen: just how bad it gets}  this may be old news, but i have not seen a mention on the site, and thought it worth bringing up as an example of just how screwed-up society is on labias, among other things.  in australia, the classification rules for sale of magazines etc in newsagents rule differently depending on what a woman's labia look like. i kid you not - if her labia are too protruding, complex or coloured too differently from her skin, then a magazine with a shot of a woman's genitals in it is classified with porn. if her labia are more "discrete" you can include one, or even several photos, and the magazine can still be sold on a general counter provided there is not too much other sexual content.  the one mainstream sex mag for women here closed down a few years ago, largely because of the weird censorship laws that kept reclassifying it between the categories. in one edition they wanted to do a series of shots of women's vulvas to show readers how broad the range of what is normal is so they would feel more comfortable with their own. it was ruled out of court because some of the shots had labia that were too out there, and if they included those they'd have to sell the thing through sex shops, not on the main stands.  there is a brilliant article on this i have a hard copy of, but not electronic. it finishes with a really telling point: the kind of labia approved for general release here are ones that look a lot like they belong to pre-pubescent girls. so maybe we have the first case in the world of a government which actually encourages child porn.as the author says, "now that's obscene". 9:02 am · discuss
{garrity: to the powers of cunt that are}  i had never heard that surgery is now being made available to modify one's cunt, but i am deeply distressed by that fact -- especially since, had i heard that at a certain point in my life, i'd have been intrigued.  i don't have a broad experience of the look of female genitalia;  i've only been up close and personal with my own.  but there was a time when i was certain that they would compare badly.  that they were . .  .well . . . too much.  too floppy, too much flesh, too much labia minora, especially. i was absolutely certain, at that point in my life (thankfully long past, now) that no sex partner would ever want to get face-first into my flower.  i figured stuff that visible, that purple, was going to be off-putting.  heck, i thought girls were girls, and hence attractive, becase they have a hole, right?  not because they have outward flesh. then i met my sweet dear loverhusbandfriend, and we got down to business, and he couldn't stop expressing his awe at the beauty he found between my legs. all the beauty.  he's a reserved person;  but the light and heat in his eyes and the almost childlike fascination on his face when he was playing with my pussy was sheer poetry. it still is, twelve years later. i still find it more intimate, more risky somehow, to have someone facefirst in my labia than penisfirst;  then, i am more visible, more fully sensed.  but now small hints of that old fear that maybe what i've got was not right have transformed themselves into the sheer luxurious pleasure of knowing that it's not only right, it's fantastic. also, let me add this:  i have scar tissue in my larger genital region, from a cesarian section.  while i love my postpartum body in a lot of ways, this was a sadness, this dull spot at the bottom of my belly.  girls, women, do not allow some doctor to create such dead spots all over your beautiful pussies!   no promised sexual pleasure could possibly make up for any loss of that exquisite sensitivity. and finally, any partner who isn't satisfied by the shape of your flower can buzz the hell off and get his or her honey elsewhere!8:50 am · discuss
{lin - you have that choice}  there are few women out there who would not be enraged at the thought of female genital mutilation (fgm). we wince when we hear of girls having their clits cut off with a dirty piece of glass, when we read of 6 year olds having their vaginas sewn up then being cut open during the consummation of marriage.  yet, we read about labiaplasty in cosmo without blinking. we listen to the justifications of doctors, of counselors, of women who have had their lives changed after undergoing this miraculous medical or cosmetic operation.  we think we are so advanced, so progressive, so in tune with our twentieth century rights. yet, i see us regressing.  while girls are being held down so that fgm can be performed, other women are opening their legs willingly to have a little nip and tuck there so that their labia can look beautiful. can look normal.  it saddens me so much that our sense of normality is being dictated by other people. by people who have no idea what normal is.  normal is not perfectly aligned labia. normal is not labia of a certain length. normal is you. and being beautiful is accepting who you are and what you are.  it is hard living in a society whereby beauty is dictated to you by fashion editors, by designers, by the media, by plastic surgeons in for a fast buck. but are we not able to rise above that and learn how to love ourselves for who we are?  to be honest, i do not notice my labia. i sneak a peek sometimes when i might be shaving or during sex but otherwise, it is just there. i have no idea if my labia is considered ‘normal’ or not. i have no idea if my labia is ‘beautiful’ or not.  to be honest, i don’t really care. i don’t because my labia is part of me. my labia in a way defines me. it just seems wrong that i should subject it to pain and torture so that my labia can look like some other woman’s.  your labia is as distinct and different as a fingerprint. a snowflake if you wish. but that is what makes it beautiful. the knowledge that your labia is your own. the knowledge that should you peer down and look at your cunt, you know immediately that it is yours.  the next time you look at your labia and think it is ugly or imperfect, think of the women out there who have suffered at the hands of fgm. those women had no say in how their labia should look like or even if they could keep theirs.  you do. 8:20 am · discuss
{ian: you suck but...}  you suck, but... this post is, tangentially, doing my part for the labia love blogathon. before i get off on tangents, let's just have a look at the whole idea of 'fixing' labia.  if anyone, upon seeing your labia is anything less than ecstatic, the correct remedy isn't to go to your local surgeon. the only thing you should be having excised from your life at that point is the asshole in question.  but i just see this as part of the global marketing of self-doubt. it's not just labial surgery. it's weight watchers. it's all the makeup companies. it's breath mint companies. it's razor companies. and it's not particularly gendered. guys get this too, as the innumerable penis enlargement and steroid emails i get every day can attest to.  the message is simple: "you suck, but... we can help, so long as you buy our product." and we buy into it en masse. just look at the stuff we buy. hair gel, for instance. what practical use is there for hair gel? in the interests of full disclosure, i've had surgery that was at least partially cosmetic. my jaw was realigned, which had structural reasons to be done (my bite was quite bad). but i also had my chin redesigned at the same time. so i buy into it too. just looking around my house i can see all the stuff i use to try to hammer the round peg that is my body into a square hole.  people come in all sizes and shapes. get used to it. stop worrying about it. people are not all photoshopped, airbrushed paragons of an unattainable, fictional 'ideal'. people get acne. they have birthmarks, moles, and more.  i think the only real answer to the whole gamut of people shouting about how 'you suck, but...' is to not only love ourselves for who we are, but to love others for who they are.  to sum up: you're born with a perfect cunt, and you can't add anything to it by cutting pieces off.  (edited to add this blurb: vaspider is right: it is gendered, though not completely so.)8:14 am · discuss
{caro: the ultimate misogynist mindfuck. ever.}  i first read about surgery to "fix" female genitals in cosmo several years ago. shame on me, but back then, i still occasionally looked at mainstream women's mags.under the headline "a hot trend out of hollywood promises to prettify and pleasure up your panty-clad parts. could one of these below-the-belt snips, nips, or tucks revolutionize your sex life?", the article described plastic surgery available for genitals: labiaplasty to make the labia minora smaller; vaginal "rejuvenation" to provide more friction during sex, removal of the clitoral hood for better orgasms, liposuction on the pubic mound, injection of fat to "reshape" too small labia. my initial reaction was crossing my legs, protecting my beloved, perfect cunt. generally, i'm no big fan of, but not totally opposed to, cosmetic surgery. i can get the motivations behind breast reduction or a nose job, even if i wouldn't choose those operations for myself.plastic surgery on genitals, however, made under the premonition that the operation will lead to  better orgasms, seems nothing but lunatic to me. since first reading that cosmo article, sparked by being a sexpert at scarleteen, by growing up to realise that i am a feminist, by reading naomi wolf's "the beauty myth" and other stuff on the politics surrounding our bodies, i've read a few more mainstream articles on the issue of plastic surgery for genitals, specifically labia. they are all the same, those articles. it's always the same doctors talking, always the same questions being asked. they always cause the same reaction in me, too: they enrage me. they make me completely and utterly mad. have you noticed what those docs who cut labias, who remove clitoral hoods, those doctores alter, matlock, lesavoy have in common besides being plastic surgeons and offering these operations: guess what: they are male.sure, there are more male surgeons anyway, but in this specific regard, their gender is especially noteworthy to me.they have ads proclaiming "you won't believe how good sex can be!", they have publicists who contact mainstream women's mags and commission articles which "inform" women on their "options". in short: they create the problem, the self-consciousness, the desire for correction with the scalpel, the labia-hate. but hey, at least those scalpel and laser waving surgeons are not alone: they're in good company with those who tuck larger labia minora between the majora for crotch shots, those who layer the labia in crotch shots with pink filters in photoshop, and with those teenage boys who think the coolest thing in the world is to tease a girl with "being too loose" or having "cameltoe". and well, those docs, those boys, those photo editors, have an easy game: most women don't know what vulvas look like. they don't know that there's a multitude of variation here, just like with all body parts. and how could they if no one shows them and tells them?unless you get inside girls's pants, it's quite hard to get a good vulva look: vulvas don't comfortably dangle in front of bodies as penises do, you can hardly get a good look and comparison when you're under the shower with the girls at gym.really, what's so scandalous about vulvas, that in 2003 it still creates outrage and impacts the funding of a school (as it happened in kansas, just about 2 weeks ago), when a sexuality class in a college shows vulva images of girls? how good though, that the docs who created the problem also have the *solution*, too :  labiaplasty, the removal of the clitoral hood, pubic mound liposuction. the man who tells a woman her genitals are wrong, her sexuality faulty, cuts her genitals up, the place where her lust happens; he stitches her back together, and: wham! the woman is whole again, her genitals perfect, her sexuality delivered to her by a male, who created it by cutting and tucking and stitching. she can suddenly orgasm like wildfire, because now she is the way he wants her to be: nice, tight, clean and sculpted. to me, that is the ultimate misogynist mindfuck, ever. in one of the articles on genital surgery that i read, a 25 year old, who had just undergone labiaplasty, was quoted as saying the following about her post-op-lips "it's cleaner, it's more hygienic. it's sculpted. it looks nicer. it's perfect.". "cleaner"" - sounds to me, girl, that that old belief that female genitals are dirty by default still had a hold on you."more hygienic"? - well, darl, let's wait and see whether you smaller, tighter, more sculpted minora are going to protect your vagina as well from infections as your original ones."sculpted"? - don't you think mother nature is the best sculptor, ever? did you not know, honeybunch, that you didn't need to be ashamed by your body in its natural form, not by the curve of your stomach that was there before you sculpted it with thousands of sit ups, not by the softness of your breasts that was there before you had the implants, not by the flabbiness and gentleness of your labia before they were "scuplted" by a man with a scalpel?"it looks nicer. it's perfect"? how does it feel though? didn't you know that any cut impacts sensation in the area? is this still your vulva, not someone else's idea of one? there are so many things that are better for our female sexuality then turning to a man to make us whole with a scalpel.i believe in loving and accepting yourself and your genitals as they are -big, small, plump, flabby, pink, purple, dark, hairy, shaven.i believe in getting a good look at your vulva and revelling in the beauty that your cunt is.i believe in masturbating till you know just what you want and need and in sharing those discoveries and your love for your body with a partner. as different as they are for each of us: our sexuality, our cunts, are our own. neither of them need fixing or approval by a guy with a scalpel so that we can enjoy them. we're perfect, just the way we are.5:43 am · discuss
wednesday, april 9
{lauren: this one is for labia}  my experience with labia is pretty limited — i know mine pretty darned well, and i’ve had some casual changing-room-type encounters with a few other people’s, but that’s about it. of course, i’ve seen photographic and filmed representations in both “smut” and “art” contexts, but i generally view those with a degree of skepticism about how much airbrushing, makeup, powdering, tucking, and so on, they’ve undergone before their closeup.  apparently, many women don’t share my skepticism. there are now plastic surgery procedures available to women who are discontented with their labia — minora or majora — and who would like them “augmented” or “reduced.” i am a little leery of (though not entirely opposed to) cosmetic surgery at the best of times, but this particular set of procedures sickens and saddens me to no end. that women — that anyone — would consider their genitals so unattractive as to be candidates for an “extreme makeover” is for me a sign that a massive education effort is in order.  look: labia are about as varied in appearance as any other body part — perhaps more so. take noses, for instance: wide, narrow, long, short, flat, crooked, upturned, downturned, flared, freckled… they’re fascinatingly diverse. (i’m a fan of big noses, myself. ask me sometime about my favourite celebrity noses.) likewise, labia come in wildly different sizes, shapes, colours, and textures. just ask joani blank, who compiled the beautiful collection femalia. (and speaking of femalia, why don’t you consider picking that book up? it makes a lovely gift, or at least a good conversation piece for your bookshelf. my copy’s come in handy a number of times.) …or ask my aunt — let’s call her dorothy — who spent many years married to an emotionally abusive man who told her the reason he wasn’t aroused by her sexually was that her genitals were deformed. (he later came out of the closet… so i suspect that his arousal “problem” went a little deeper.) dorothy was a “good girl” who hadn’t let anyone near her vulva before marriage, and she therefore took my uncle’s word for it, and accepted that she had an abnormal-looking vulva. it wasn’t until years later, when she’d divorced him and met someone new, that she realized how badly she’d been wronged.  imagine her twenty-odd years of painful and unnecessary torment! and now we’re allowing similarly misguided women the chance to act out of that same place of ignorance, and have surgery to alter their perfectly healthy and beautiful vulvas! i’m utterly appalled.  *  now, on a more personal note, i’d like to say a brief word about… well, it’s not really labia-specific, but about my cunt in general. for the past six months i’ve been dealing with a particularly nasty and persistent yeast infection. as you can imagine, it has not been the most pleasant time in the history of my relationship with my pussy — in fact, i’ve been feeling downright hostile at various times… betrayed, at others. i have ingested potent anti-yeast medications, to no avail. i did the boric acid suppository thing, avoided fragrances of all sorts, was ultra-careful with my diet — no dice. you name it, i tried it. eventually, i got myself onto a hard-core candida cleanse, and i am ecstatic to report that my cunt and i are back on speaking terms. (in fact, we’re downright cozy.)  have you had your heart broken? then you know what it has been like for me to live for months with my cunt on the fritz. i am not exaggerating. i have gone completely out of my fucking head on this. do you know what it’s like to have your genitals held hostage by a health problem? it’s as bad as any breakup with someone you love.  have you ever had a reconciliation with a long-lost friend, family member, or lover? then you know what my reunion with my cunt has been like. seriously. i have never felt so fucking fantastic about my vulva in my life. my cunt is a frigging masterpiece to me right now. i loooooove her. when i think about her, i smile. she was pissed at me, but we’ve made up. i am in cunt-honeymoon heaven.  i encourage every one of you with a cunt in your life to channel just a smidgen of my expansive, all-embracing cunt-love right now, and use it in whatever way you like. savour your cunts, y’all. they just might go awol on you, and you’ll never forgive yourself for taking them for granted. 11:31 pm · discuss
{vaspider: i really have nothing to say}  heather has a link up to the second annual labia blog-a-thon. i feel like i should, as a sexually aware woman and all that, participate in this in some way. however, there's just one problem: i find that i really have nothing to say. it boggles me to write that, but it's true. maybe it's only that i feel like i have nothing to say because i have nothing really profound to say. i didn't even know that people were considering plastic surgery on their labia (zuh?) or that there were women who were unimpressed by the appearance of their nether lips. to me, it's simply a foreign concept. i've never been the least bit bothered by the appearance of my labia, or even really thought about it much. i did the requisite checking-myself-out-in-a-mirror during puberty, thought, "hey, ain't that neat," and that was about that. none of my lovers have ever really commented on the appearance of my labia, really, at all. they're almost a non-event in my world, like ears. i don't worry about what my ears look like. they're fun when someone's messing with them, and i dig other people's ears and all, but i don't much fret over their appearance. hm. i'm not certain whether this is profound enough to post. i plan on posting it anyway.10:53 pm · discuss
{debra hyde:  so when did we go wrong?}*this link contains 'adult' conent, by clicking you're certifying you are of age and in a location to legally view sexually explicit material.  labia blogathon originated after learning that young women were freaking out over the size and shape of their labia. it's as if they looked between their legs, found a very ugly bug there, and sought to squash it. but labia aren't bugs. in fact, throughout the ages, they've been compared to the petals of flowers. whether the lotus of the east or the iris of georgia o'keefe, labia have been portrayed as a vital necessity of vulva beauty.   so when did we go wrong? is this labia phobia a byproduct of abstinence education, where sex is hushed up and ignorance subtly takes over and becomes entrenched? or it is a byproduct of american porn where women are practically coookie-cutter versions of each other, thereby presenting a single, unrealistic potrayal of the female body that young men pass along to young women? perhaps it's an intersection where ignorance meets inflexible standards. panic is the result.  i imagine i asked these same questions last year and my curiosity remains unchanged. it makes me long for an online verson of joan blank's book, femalia. if only today's young women could page through its images of vulva variety where labia of all types protrude proudly.  it also makes me aware of how ignorant we are of our bodies' life cycle. it makes me want to tell all women younger than myself to "enjoy 'em while ya got 'em."  why? because as we age, our bodies will undeniably change. as i've moved through my life cycle, i've witnessed changes all over my body. including between my legs.  i have girlhood memories of first noticing how pronounced my inner labia had grown after i'd become sexually active. suddenly, my vulva looked womanly -- adult -- and i feared anyone who looked at me would be able to tell that i was experienced. fears aside, though, i found them fascinating. i loved how they looked every bit as much as i freared what they might reveal. sure, i didn't see many women with pronounced inner labia in men's magazines, but i knew my lovers enjoyed what they found between my legs and i enjoyed the lush erotic sensitivity that my labia imparted. they were errogenous zones, initial capped.  decades later, i'd find myself marvel at how naturally my labia stretched during childbirth. their capacity to accommodate was immense and impressive, and as i think back on it, it looked as if they offered my children their first hugs as they passed from womb to world.  just hours later, they'd look as normal as ever, as if untouched by childbirth. how could i do anything but admire them for their confident ability?  today, i'm old enough to feel not just motherly towards today's labia-phobic young women, but grandmotherly. today, as i move towards menopause, my labia are no longer firm fleshy things. they've grown soft with hormonal age, much of which has occurred in the last year. oh, you can't see the change -- it isn't visible -- but you can feel the change.  but you know what? it hasn't impacted my sexual desire or drive. it hasn't affected how my lover enjoys me and my body. what's changed between my legs hasn't changed what i can do between the sheets.  which tells me not to worry about it. crone that i 'm becoming, wisdom is sometimes as simple as learning not to sweat the small stuff.  wisdom, they say is wasted on the young and perhaps they're right. but i'll still give voice to my experience because it might be heard by those who question. again, i remind women that we come in all shapes and sizes from head to toe. labia included.  to thine own self be true.4:00 pm · discuss
{heather corinna: labia - a song}  as i may not mention enough, i have some terribly cool young volunteers and staff at scarleteen, including the brilliant and lovely caro and sarah. last year, in response to all too many girls at the boards going on at length at how their inner labia were gross, too big, too small, smelly, ugly, sloppy, misshapen, you name it, sarah started the labia blog-a-thon, a project she and caro reprised this year again, starting today, bless their hearts. you know, i didn't have any labia issues in my teens. i don't even remember paying much attention to what my labia looked like at all until i started having them photographed, honestly. there could be a lot of reasons for that, but it's likely that a lot of why was that not only did i have way too many other things to worry about, i also had my hands and face in more sets of labia than just my own. so, i have no trouble confessing that i am a labia lover outright -- mine and everyone else's, in every conceivable size, shape and hue. bring the girls on, baby. but i also don't remember having the popular media, doctors hell bent on ways to make more money from elective plastic surgeries and the like telling me there was anything wrong with my labia as they are, something which sadly is very much the case for women and girls today. that given (and given the addled, frazzled and utterly overwhelmed state of my brain this week), it seems fitting to kick off sarah and caro's fabulous project with a little song and dance number. y'all all know the tune, so i expect everyone to pick up their most conveniently located air guitar and sing along with me here. anyone who takes this to a karaoke bar and substitutes these lyrics for the real ones gets a cookie. labia (sung to the tune of layla, by eric clapton)  what'll you do when everybodyis telling you you need a tuck or snip?you've been listening to all the wrong adviceit's time you learned to love your lips.  labia, they're awfully fun to tease,labia, orchid or fleur de lis,labia, a neverending feast of womankind. we've tried to give you information,but you've felt your twat has let you down.like a fool, you think your frillies are uncoollet's turn this vulva-hate around. labia, from umber to deep rose, labia, they feel nice on my nose,labia, in every shape and size they're so divine. let's pull this train out of the stationbefore i finally go insane.so today, you give those velvet curtains sayand sing their praises, not complain. labia, a tasty, fleshy treat,labia, so wonderful to eat,labia, kneel down and pray before your petaled shrine. labia, can't play this on guitar, butlabia, are just perfect as they arelabia, darlings won't you learn to treat them kind. 12:45 pm · discuss
{seska: labia}*this link contains 'adult' conent, by clicking you're certifying you are of age and in a location to legally view sexually explicit material. labia?i am not sure when i first noticed mine. i was essentially comfortable with my body at an early age. being nude in my family was no big deal. nothing was flaunted, but if someone happened to walk in the bathroom while you were bathing they didn't stare, but they didn't avert their eyes. but that is about the overall naked body. the more specific areas didn't get much notice or discussion. some gals freak about the shape and size of their labia, likely because they are comparing themselves with whatever visual images they have seen of labia's, or comparing themselves to their friends. these days, diversity in terms of sexuality and our bodies is not exactly a celebrated thing in our american influenced culture. i was a child of the 1970's and a teen in the 1980's and so the images i saw of labia were from the joy of sex and our bodies, ourselves. most were on the hairy side. beyond that they had distinct and diverse looks to them. some of which looked like me, some of which didn't. no different than any other part of my body.  * when i was twenty or so, my boyfriend wanted to shave me. i was open to it, but i had no idea how emotional an experience it would be. i had a staggered puberty. i grew pubic hair pretty early on at around age 9 or 10. i am not talking full bush here, but it was the first visual cue of my developing body. in any case, it had been many years since i had seen my pubic area bare, seen my labia hair free. as i took a shower afterwards, i cried. the power issues i experienced overwhelmed me. to have a part of what made me feel like an adult taken from me -even though i was fully consenting- it was difficult for me to deal with. i was also overwhelmed by seeing something i had not seen in some ten years. like an old friend. i did get used to it very quickly and for a few years i would grow it back and then shave it depending on my mood. interestingly, while shaving my labia majora, i was able to examine it closely. i enjoyed feeling the texture and i appreciated its shape and colour. nowadays, since i began doing the porn thing, i keep it shaved except for my triangle. i must say i do like the look of it. i find it suits me at this time in my life. *my experience with other women's labia is incredibly positive. my female lovers have had such lovely lips. i think everyone i have been with has been shaved or trimmed. this does let you see things so well "down there", but it is not a necessity. i have found myself intrigued and fascinated by how intricate labia can be. all its curves, flaps and wrinkles. so amazing. * this weekend, my boyfriend and i were discussing how we could picture each other's genitalia in our minds. i closed my eyes and could see his penis pretty darn well. the way it curves, the colour and its different hues, where the veins go. it made me smile. then it was his turn. wow, did he ever do a good job describing it. i have one side of my labia minora longer than the other and he got that right. he also commented so sweetly on its texture and its colour. i felt so beautiful.12:00 am · discuss
{kick-off} let's get this labia loving party started!12:00 am · discuss
sunday, april 6
{the invitation}  hello there friends and virtual neighbors, once again it is that time of year again.  the birds are singing, the flowers are blooming, and it's time for me to ask you wonderful, helpful people to blog for labia again. many of you participated in the first annual labia blog-a-thon last year, but for those who didn't, let me explain what's going on here.i work as a volunteer and sexpert at scarleteen.com which provides real life sex education for teens.  we provide information that's valuable, realistic, and accessible to teens.  during my time at scarleteen, i began to notice a very disturbing trend. we get many teens each day who are coping with body image issues, but one issue caught my notice more than many of the others.  there seemed to be a huge number of young women who were upset by the state of their labia. many were certain that their labia were too large and that no one would ever want to be sexually active with them becaue of the size, shape, color, or texture of their labia. they expressed their certainty that their labia were abnormal and horrible. they inquired about whether there was any creme or exercise that might decreasethe size of their labia, and most also inquire about surgery.  some have even asked if they could cut their inner labia off with scissiors! i found this trend incrediby disturbing, as did many of my fellow volunteers. on a daily basis we were reassuring girls that their genitals were totally normal.  for most of them, the only labia they had seen other than their own was in pornography (where the labia are often virtually altered to make them tiny and very pink) or in drawn diagrams.  it took alot of effort to convince many of them that their labia were normal, and that they did not need surgery or any other modification. the idea for the labia blog-a-thon came directly from this trend.  the concept is pretty simple: for two days each year people from all walks of life will blog for labia. take a picture, write a poem, or just talk about labia. say anything you feel like saying, as long as its labia positive. our purpose is to provide support and encouragement to these girls and to give them a really positive outlook on their own bodies. we want to reassure them that they're normal...not everyone has tiny labia, nor should they!  and we want them to know that they're perfect just the way they are.  small or large, all labia are beautiful just as they are. this year the second annual labia blog-a-thon will be on april 9th and 10th. participating is easy:my fellow sexpert and blogger caro has created this website blog for this year's blog-a-thon.  we both feel that this issue still needs to be addressed, and that's why we're sponsoring the event again this year.  checkout the sidebar regarding how you can participate. entries don't have to be explicit, just honest.if you'd like to see what happened last year, check out labia blogathon 2002 at my website .there's also a list of links to last year's contributors so you can see what other people had to say about labia.  please participate if you feel comfortable doing so. both caro and i feel like this issue is important and we'd really appreciate your help in blogging with us for this very worthy cause.  if you have any questions, please feel free to contact me, caro or email us at the blog-a-thon pass this information on to any friends you think might like to participate too! thanks,sarah2:57 pm · discuss
{logo!}   sabrina dent aka darlingbri, fellow scarleteen volunteer, was generous to design this little logo for the cause. thanks, bri! feel free to grab it, use it on the blogathon days, and for linking to us or whenever else you need a button that says labia blogathon 2003! :)(but please host it on your own server. thanks.)2:35 pm · discuss
thursday, march 27
{welcome!} willkommen. bienvenue. welcome - to the 2003 international labia blogathon!10:19 am · discuss



back to top · navigate
power: blogger . template: css colouring book.don't steal our content!: the copyright of featured articles remains with their respective authours.we reserve the right to refuse the publication of submissions without further notice.we like internet explorer.











