




 















                            college of dentistry | university of illinois chicago
                    





































































university of illinois chicago









































search the site




      toggle menu
      





        search
        

















university of illinois chicago











































college of dentistry





        patients
      


expand patients menu











                  care options
                




                  patients with disabilities
                




                  dental services
                




                  appointment services
                




                  why patients choose uic
                




                  referrals, billing, records & other resources
                




                  online payment
                




                  healthy smiles blog
                









        programs
      


expand programs menu











                  get ready for dental school
                




                  doctor of dental medicine (dmd)
                




                  doctor of dental medicine advanced standing (dmd-as)
                




                  dmd-mph joint degree
                




                  advanced specialty programs
                




                  multidisciplinary oral science training (most)
                




                  phd in oral sciences
                




                  ms in oral sciences
                




                  dental assistant pathway program (dapp)
                









        academics
      


expand academics menu











                  teaching and learning
                




                  student resources
                




                  faculty resources
                




                  academic departments
                









        community
      


expand community menu











                  prevention & public health
                




                  community-based research
                




                  service learning
                









        research
      


expand research menu











                  research areas and investigators
                




                  research training and education
                




                  research news & highlights
                




                  participate in clinical research
                




                  programs, centers, and labs
                




                  office of research
                




                  funding & resources
                




                  clinical & research day
                




                  forefront
                









        alumni & giving
      


expand alumni & giving menu











                  student scholarship fund
                




                  make a gift
                




                  alumni affairs
                




                  career resources
                




                  cusp magazine
                




                  update contact information
                









        about
      


expand about menu











                  vision, mission & strategic plan
                




                  college facts & history
                




                  leadership
                




                  resilience center
                




                  diversity
                




                  administrative offices
                




                  it services
                




                  news & events
                




                  location & contacts
                




                  job opportunities
                




                  college resources
                




                  contact us
                











college directory


intranet


make a gift


college resources






ui health


uic.edu


campus map






search




















                college of dentistry
              


                                ui health is uic’s academic health enterprise
              
















graduate icon








academic programs






people icon


 
patients






microscope icon






 
research












make a gift


















            welcome to uic college of dentistry
          heading link



 
copy link












                            academic programs
                    

                dmd, phd and advanced specialty training programs to prepare the next generation of oral health professionals.
            












                            patients
                    

                comprehensive dental services with the choice of care provided by students, graduate specialists or faculty.
            












                            research
                    

                innovative basic and translational oral science investigations to advance knowledge and improve community health.
            













            explore the college
          heading link



 
copy link














                                    why uic
                
              


                                    explore our programs
                
              


                                    our departments, centers & labs
                
              


                                    stay informed
                
              


                                    college resources
                
              





                                    better oral health through transformative innovation
                              

                learn from world-class academics. train using state-of-the-art curriculum and technology. make an impact in the community. gain valuable research experience. experience a richly diverse student culture while serving patients with a variety of needs. connect with peers and support the future of oral health through a strong alumni network.
change the future of oral health—today.
              





            academics
          







                            academics
                    









                            research
                    









                            patient care
                    









                            student life
                    









                            community health
                    









                            diversity
                    









                            alumni & giving
                    









                            departments
                    











                                    world-class programs at your disposal
                              

                the college of dentistry offers world-class academic programs to prepare the "next-generation" of oral health professionals, built upon groundbreaking curriculum, in the heart of chicago. in addition to the dmd, we offer phd in oral sciences, phd/dmd and dmd/ms programs, and several advanced specialty training programs.
              





            programs at uic
          







                            dmd
                    









                            dmd-as
                    









                            dmd-mph joint degree
                    









                            advanced specialty programs
                    









                            phd in oral sciences
                    









                            ms in oral sciences
                    











                                    academic departments fostering meaningful relationships
                              

                a community of dedicated students, faculty and staff working together to advance oral health education, patient care, and oral science research.
              





            academic departments
          







                            endodontics
                    









                            oral biology
                    









                            oral & maxillofacial surgery
                    









                            oral medicine & diagnostic sciences
                    









                            orthodontics
                    









                            pediatric dentistry
                    









                            periodontics
                    









                            restorative dentistry
                    









                            administrative offices
                    









                            research, programs, centers & labs
                    











                                    see what's going on at uic college of dentistry
                              

                stay informed about what's going on at uic college of dentistry.
              





            stay informed
          







                            college calendar (college events)
                    









                            news & media
                    









                            college smiles
                    









                            college admissions
                    











                                    looking for something specific?
                              

                use these resources to find what you need.
              





            search and resources
          







                            college directory
                    









                            uic directory
                    









                            site search
                    









                            college resources
                    









                            for students
                    









                            for faculty
                    









                            intranet
                    



















            college calendar
          heading link



 
copy link







feb
21
2025







                            cds midwinter meeting reception
                    

                friday, 5:00 pm - 9:00 pm
            

                hyatt regency mccormick place
            








feb
27
2025







                            38th annual clinic & research day
                    

                thursday, 8:00 am - 4:00 pm
            

                uic student center west
            








may
8
2025







                            commencement
                    

                thursday, 10:00 am - 12:00 pm
            

                uic isadore and sadie dorin forum
            














            college news
          heading link



 
copy link












                            uic college of dentistry hosts annual give kids a smile day, providing free oral health exams to more than 100 children
                    

                sunday, february 9, 2025
            

                on feb. 5, the uic college of dentistry hosted its annual give kids a smile day, a national initiative with a mission of ensuring access to quality oral health care for all children.
            












                            dr. judy chia-chun yuan appointed associate dean for clinical affairs
                    

                thursday, october 31, 2024
            

                dr. judy chia-chun yuan, tenured professor, has been appointed associate dean for clinical affairs at the uic college of dentistry, effective october 16.
            












                            inclusive dental clinic ‘a home’ for patients
                    

                thursday, august 29, 2024
            

                the recently opened inclusive care clinic at the uic college of dentistry is not your typical dental clinic. its focus is to care for patients with physical, developmental, sensory, behavioral, cognitive or emotional conditions.
            













            healthy smiles blog
          heading link



 
copy link












                            fluoride frenzy
                    

                thursday, january 23, 2025
            

                fluoride is under fire. again.

last august, the national toxicology program (ntp), part of the department of health and human services (hhs), released a headline-grabbing report detailing an association between fluoride exposure and children’s
            












                            uic college of dentistry shines the spotlight on oral cancer
                    

                tuesday, april 30, 2024
            

                april is oral cancer awareness month. the month serves as a stark reminder of a disease that should never happen. its leading causes — the use of tobacco primarily and, in fewer cases, excessive…
            












                            new year, new you? 7 tips to make your oral health a top priority
                    

                tuesday, january 23, 2024
            

                most new year’s resolutions typically revolve around eating better, exercising more or improving your financial situation. one key to achieving your resolution is to make it specific. this year, if you’re looking to…
            













            by the numbers
          heading link



 
copy link








largest 
dental care provider in il, serving over 35,000 patients annually. we have over 500 students seeking dental degrees including dmd, phd and ms programs.







33 
partner sites in illinois and beyond where annually senior dental students treat about 10,000 patients, perform around 18,000 clinical procedures, and learn firsthand about population oral health.







level-1 
research institution, with more than 1/3 full-time faculty actively engaged in research supported by over $7m funding annually. our dmd / phd program is one of 20 dental institutions that offer a combined dmd/phd program.












            research
          heading link



 
copy link









            research themes
          
our investigators lead cutting-edge research to discover and translate new knowledge at the boundaries of science, transforming oral health care practice, social systems and related technologies for the benefit of individuals, families and communities.






            regenerative science
          
moving beyond tissue replacement, using materials to enable our bodies to regenerate damaged and failing tissues. our researchers are leading investigations into how materials interact with living tissues, and the building of tissue replacements for the growth of cells/tissues to replace lost tissues. the center for wound healing and tissue regeneration (cwhtr) is a unique community of scientists and clinicians devoted to the study of injury, wound healing, and regeneration. the laboratory of applied dental biomaterials and interfaces is a nih funded center studying the properties of the tooth in order to develop reparative/regenerative biomaterials to replace lost tooth structure






            clinical, translational & community research
          
leading transformative studies to improve oral health outcomes both in the clinic and the community. we have several centers and investigators focused on the study of the incidence and prevalence of disease; measuring outcomes of interventions; and the safety and efficacy of drugs, devices, and treatments in individuals. we are also investigating how and why efforts to promote oral health through intervention are accepted by communities. learn more about our clinical research center.






            craniofacial pathobiology
          
working to improve treatment of oral cancer, caries, peridontal and other oral diseases. we are leading interdisciplinary investigations in the development and function of the craniofacial complex to better understand processes that occur within cells and tissues to maintain health and control growth and development.








ready for dental school?
apply now
















 
university of illinois chicago








































ui health































            uic's seven health sciences colleges and health care delivery enterprise.
        





social media accounts





facebook













linked in












x


















instagram















youtube













contact
 college of dentistry (mc 621)
801 s. paulina st., chicago, il 60612
contact us

 contact









uic.edu links

uic.edu
academic calendar
athletics
campus directory
disability resources
emergency information
event calendar
job openings
library
maps
uic safe mobile app
uic today
ui health
veterans affairs
report a concern





cookie settings







powered by red 3.0.51

  © 2025 the board of trustees of the university of illinois |
privacy statement


campuses

university of illinois system
urbana-champaign
springfield
chicago





google translate


















