


teenage gay romantic love stories | it's only me from across the sea























iomfats.org
home | all about donating | story shelf | stories for special days | writing challenges | writing masterclass | submitting a story | publishing on amazon | poetry corner | sex/health info | lgbt and faith | about me | fear of being different | odds & ends | about the site | forum | what's new, what's hot
you are here: home
















home

all about donating

story shelf

stories for special days

writing challenges

writing masterclass

submitting a story

publishing on amazon

poetry corner

sex/health info

lgbt and faith

about me

fear of being different

odds & ends

about the site

forum

what's new, what's hot



iomfats mailing list
 subscribe 
 unsubscribe



you will receive a confirmation email almost at once. if not please check your junk folder. this is an automatic confirmed opt in mailing list. nothing will happen without a confirmation from you.we have had reports that hotmail is once again silently deleting emails from us to its customers. please switch to a non hotmail address if you do not receive your messages



it's only me from across the sea - iomfats

17 february 2025
stockroom secrets - chapter 9, by mark peters • the boy who understood - chapter 9, by biff spork • the jerk-off - chapter 16, by jack lynch • the persistence of memory - chapter 15, by rafael henry
join the site email list and follow updates on twitter, too.






what's new? what's hot?








we support ukraine — мы поддерживаем украину — ми підтримуємо україну



the following email hosts are blocking our email messages:comcast.net, iimnet.net.au, ihug.com.au, internode.on.net, netspace.net.au, manx.netthis doesn't please us either. if affected you may wish to use a disposable email axdress and subscribe that. we cannot find out yet how to negotiate removal of the blocks.we have had to remove all comcast email addresses from our mailing list, lest we become spam blocked.













st valentine's day stories








intp, by nico grey

chapter 1
chapter 2
chapter 3
chapter 4
chapter 5
chapter 6
chapter 7
chapter 8
chapter 9
chapter 10
chapter 11












this site has three main components: gay teenage male romantic stories and poems, sexual health information, and online help and advice.
there is a great deal else, all available from the left hand margin menu. please make yourself at home. the site mailing list lets you know about site updates at once. your email address is not sold, traded or exploited in any way, and you may subscribe and unsubscribe automatically at any time.






queer me! halfway between flying and crying is available solely though amazon, worldwide, both as a kindle ebook and as a paperback.there is a great independent review by josie hulen
and on twitter by georgie massiot




if you'ld like to donate to keep us running, here's the link.nothing huge, just "buy us a coffee" sometimes please

writing challenges
new challenges for writers will be released regularly. for the full list of challenges and summary results, please see our challenge index.



how do i tell him?
polls are closed 

winning
open for submissionsentries close on 27 february 2025. the start is delayed to give folk breathing space to write valentine stories























top of page | site copyright © 1997–2025 iomfats all rights reserved. all story and poetry copyrights are owned by their respective authors and their works are published under licence. all rights reserved. reproduction of any part or element of this site is not permitted without a formal licence from the copyright owner. no part of this site may be used as source and/or training material for any artificial intelligence (ai) project. https://iomfats.org | copyright, disclaimer, privacy policy | design concept by m eh | powered by megaman



we support ukraine — мы поддерживаем украину — ми підтримуємо україну


















we support ukraine — мы поддерживаем украину — ми підтримуємо україну




 



