


winswim sports software for swimming



























































do you need swimming sports and workout software that's easy to understand and use? 
                            confused by complex and expensive software? looking for a product where you
                            can easily switch languages from english to spanish to portuguese; need dolphin wireless support?  winswim will fulfill all your team and meet needs in one package
                            at one low price that any team can afford.  using winswim once will save you
                            hundred of hours in creating and managing team records and meets.
                           

                            full featured team and meet manager including all the features you need to manage
                            your team and meets.  includes ability to manage multiple teams, event lists
                            and meets.  can utilize the u.s. swimming standard sdif interchange files to
                            interoperate meet entries and results between different swim teams and software
                            packages. integrated team and meet software in one package containing timer support,
                            report designer and viewer.
                           
















new version 5 highlights




ms excel integration

                                import and export to .csv format any of the tables within winswim.  also, members and 
                                meet entries can be easily exported directly to ms-excel.
                            
drag and drop

                                drag and drop swimmers into events using the explorer before or during the meet.
                            

drag and drop swimmers into event or between events or heats
                                create heats and relay teams
                                assign lanes and laps by just pressing the # key
                                enter results in an easy excel-like interface










create fastest medley relay team

                                you can easily triage the entire team and find the best combination of swimmers that make 
                                up the fastest medley relay team.
                            














enhanced seeding
                              
                                seeding can be set to assign lanes by a number of different options.

assign by best seed time 
                                assign to only heat 1 or do not seed heat 1
                                lanes can be reserver by team
                                select the order of stokes to assign the fastest swimmer















 




                                 










