




bowen town & country furniture | winston-salem, north carolina, lewisville, clemmons, kernersville
















skip to main content




open  m-f 9-5:30 | sat 9-5 | sun closed | (336) 765-1360































search









location & hours

come say hello!


bowen town & country furniture
1910 mooney stwinston-salem, nc 27103
(336)765-1360



get directions




sign in





search





search
















location & hours


sign in




































































furniturefor every roomliving roombedroomdining roommattressesoutdoorhome officeentertainmentaccessoriesstressless furnitureexplore the beauty and ergonomic comfort of stressless products. shop nowcreate yourperfect home!apply for financing online or in-store, and create your dream home todayapply now >american craftsmanshipour american brands with their skilled craftsmen, design and engineering still produce beautiful furniture in factories here in north carolina, west virginia, virginia, pennsylvania, ohio, and indiana.  furniture made to use, not just made to sell. shop american brandscustom upholsterycustom upholstery furniture offers the perfect blend of personalized style and exceptional craftsmanship, elevating any space with its unique design and luxurious comfort.shop custom upholsterymeet the teamprofessional, experienced, & ready to helplearn more >promotionshelping you get the best pricetake a peek>room plannerplan & design your dream roomget started >find inspirationabout bowen town & country furniturelocal, family owned since 1956bowen town & country has been offering quality furnishings and exceptional service for sixty years here in north carolina.  we believe in putting the customer first, and that is why “you’ll like living with us!”experienced staffour entire staff, administrative, sales, design, and delivery, has years of experience in the furniture industry.  with our knowledge and expertise, we are here to guide you through the furniture-buying process.  from the initial selection to the final delivery, feel confident that you are in good hands.connect with us!







 













don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?







stay connected






bowen town & country furniture features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. bowen town & country furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the winston-salem, north carolina, lewisville, clemmons, kernersville area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information





















  


