












































center for the study of language and information













          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford

 
center for the study of language and information





search this site

submit search



menu
homeeventsupcoming eventspast eventslinguistic dept. eventsphilosophy dept. eventspsychology dept. eventssymbolic systems eventscomputer science dept. eventshumanities center eventsneurosciences institute eventshai eventsprojectscenter for the explanation of consciousnesscomputational semantics lablanguage and natural reasoninglogical dynamics labpragmatic enrichment & contextual interface labpsychosemantics labthe metaphysics research labthe openproof projectpeoplepublicationscontactsummer internship



     center for the study of language and information
    








 
follow us on twitter!

tweets by stanfordcsli 










 
 

 










mission statement
the center for the study of language and information (csli) serves stanford faculty and students who are engaged in research involving computational, logical, and stochastic modeling of cognitive functions and processes. csli was founded in 1983 by researchers from stanford university, sri international, and (the former xerox) parc.  at present, the eleven core and twenty-four affiliated stanford faculty members and their students are concentrated in the departments of psychology, linguistics, philosophy, computer science, and communication, the school of education, and the interdepartmental symbolic systems program. the center’s objective is to facilitate collaborations among these researchers and thereby amplify stanford’s already considerable strengths in cognitive sciences.
read more
featured
person


 











michael frank
how do we learn to communicate using language? i study children's language learning and how it interacts with their developing understanding of the social world. i use behavioral experiments, computational tools, and novel measurement methods like large-scale web-based studies, eye-tracking, and head-mounted cameras.
michael frank is an associate professor of psychology at stanford, and director of csli. mike did his his undergrad at stanford in symbolic systems and his phd work at mit. 
project

 










the openproof project
the openproof project at stanford's center for the study of language and information (csli) is concerned with the application of software to problems in logic. since the early 1980's we have been developing applications in logic education which are both innovative and effective. the development of these courseware packages has in turn informed and influenced our research agenda.










    back to top
  





stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






