










proboat home page






































marine


architectural


safety at height


stockist


brands


trade




+44 (0)1621-785455
info@proboat.co.uk



🔎














marine


architectural


safety at height


stockist


brands


trade




































 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




previous



next



















   welcome to proboat
wholesale trade suppliers for more than 30 years, proboat carries the largest and most extensive stock of specialist marine, architectural & industrial hardware in the uk. with stocks of over 8,000 products from leading brands around the world, we pride ourselves on quality, value and service.
our helpful and knowledgeable staff are always at your disposal for technical advice.
â 







catch up on all the latest products as soon as they become available.
    




wichardstainless steel fixed round pad eyemulti-use, reefing blocks, fastening point on bowsprit, fastening point for blocks.
    






proboatstainless steel squarehatch lift flushother shapes and sizes also available.
    






allen 30mm tiitan ceramic high load blocklightweight titanium sheave, ceramic ball bearings for faster rolling speeds.
high load aluminium side cheeks
    




   download catalogues
   point of sale
   apply for trade account
to apply for a trade account with proboat please click here to complete our on-line account form which will be processed swiftly.
 although we only supply genuine trade companies we always welcome technical or stock enquiries from end users too.       






contact us


proboat ltd
burnham business park,
      
      
burnham - on - crouch,
      
      
essex,
      
      
cm0 8te,
      uk

      
      phone - +44 (0)1621-785455
      
      e mail - info@proboat.co.uk 
 



info

terms and conditions
privacy policy
downloads
stockists
products
trade account
        copyright © 2018 proboat ltd.
all rights reserved.
 


disclaimer

 although great care is taken to ensure the
        information in this website is accurate, all information is given for
        guidance only and is not contractual. we reserve the right to alter specifications without notice. the purchaser
        is responsible for choosing the correct product for it's particular
      application. all goods are supplied according to our
    conditions of sale.
 




 




