



christv pvr - the pvr that takes control over your tv card. watch free online tv with christv online. tv cards with mpeg2 hardware encoding. developed by chris p.c. srl














































home
blog
features

key features
user interface
latest news
supported tv cards
feature comparison
ati theater 550 cards
hauppauge cards


products

christv pvr
videotube downloader
screen recorder
yt to mp3 converter
video converter
free vpn connection
anonymous proxy
anonymous connection
dns switch
game booster
ram booster
cpu booster
win experience index
ads blocker
pc-lock
christweak


downloads
buy
support

help & faq
forum
contact





 






the pvr that takes control over your tv card christv pvr

watch & record tv channels
multituner support
timeshift feature
broadcast feature
background/silent mode recording
advanced scheduler engine
advanced video rendering
image processing filters
advanced recording features
multilanguage interface
livepreview mode available for mpeg hardware encoding tv cards
large number of supported analog tv cards and other capture devices










new release: version 6.90

improved support for windows 11.
fixed frequency tunning issues on for some tv cards.
small fixes and improvements.

download trial









christv pvr - main features

watch and record tv on pc from your tv card
support for analog tv cards with wdm driver, with mpeg hardware encoding*, combo cards, graphic cards
advanced video rendering: normal, overlay, vmr9 & evr modes
support for ffdshow and dscaler deinterlace filters
multituner support
advanced scheduler options

download trial
purchase now!









christv pvr - main features

timeshift feature
advanced recording settings for avi and mpeg2
broadcast feature
background/silent mode recording
multilanguage interface
radio recording
enhance christv lite with cool features, for details click here

download trial
purchase now!








 
 


















 
 
 






enhance your tv experience on pc with christv pvr
enhance your multimedia experience by watching and recording your favourite tv and fm programs on your pc with our latest christv version 6.00 suite of products, which are compatible with analog tv cards that have wdm (windows driver model) support on microsoft windows operating systems.
christv pvr products work with simple analog tv cards and also with graphic cards with video input (vivo cards) or with combo cards (graphic card + analog tv tuner) which have wdm support.
                        

                                our software received important awards from major download websites.
                            












christv pvr consists in a suite of three products:
christv pvr professional
christv pvr professional 6.00 is the top class product of this suite, including all the available features of the christv 
                    product series. enjoy this professional pvr (personal video 
                    recorder) application to watch, schedule and record analog 
                    tv & radio fm programs.
using this product you take full advantage of the advanced scheduler functions, radio recording module, advanced recording features (use of deinterlace filters, image processing effects while recording), recording profiles (for avi, mpeg video 
recording and wav/mp3 audio recording), customizable mpeg recording settings, video frame cropping feature for recording and image processing features. in christv professional both preview and recording modes, with multimonitor support, are 
available for all supported capture devices (tv cards, vivo cards, combo cards).
christv pvr professional comes as a shareware application for windows with a free 21 day trial period, before it requires to be purchased.

christv pvr standard
christv pvr standard 6.00 is a standard pvr application designed for ergonomic watching, scheduling and recording of your favourite analog tv channels, air-broadcasted or by tv cable. using this product you can also enjoy listening fm radio (available 
only on tv cards with hardware fm radio support).
some of the key features of christv standard are: christv configuration wizard,
skinnable control panel, avi and mpeg recording modules, scheduler module (used to schedule previewing/recording of tv programs), sleeper timer functionality, mosaic features, enhanced image 
quality by use of dscaler deinterlace plugins, active/favorite channel list, advanced channel autoscan functions (by frequency), channel mapping (synchronizes channel name with channel number), 
christv channel list importing, multimonitor support and radio fm stations support (for tv cards with radio fm module). in christv standard both preview and recording modes are available 
for tv cards and combo cards. for vivo cards only preview mode is available.
christv pvr standard comes as a shareware application for windows with a free 21 day trial period, before it requires to be purchased.

christv lite
christv lite 6.00 is a quality entry-level product of the christv suite. it is the perfect choice for enjoying live tv programs like concerts, football/soccer/tennis games or 
live shows on your pc through an analog tv card with wdm driver suport.
you can enhance it with add-on packages, for more details please check this page.
easy to use, it has a multilanguage interface support for 25 languages. with christv quick configuration panel you can configure fast this software. by perfoming a simple channel 
autoscan a list of channels is set and can be later exported as a christv channel list file. image zoom functions are available, 
together with image capturing functionality. video aspect ratio settings let you change the image ration (4:3, 16:9). even a slide show is possible using christv lite, taking and 
sliding live snapshots of all available set tv channels. tv teletext functions are also accessible through this product. image quality can be improved significantly (for most dynamic 
live tv programs like football games) by use of the dscaler deinterlace filter. more than that you can fill and send automatically an error report in case you encounter any problems.
christv lite comes as a freeware application for windows and is not a spyware. this means it is free of any charge and you can use and distribute it freely, for non-commercial use. 
for more details regarding christv pvr products, please check the feature comparison chart.










 




christv pvr - key features

view more |       |     
              












channel settings
you can customize the image and sound settings for each tv channel











image settings
advanced image and optimization settings











advanced scheduler module
don't miss a thing on tv with the advanced scheduler options











broadcast feature
share your favorite tv shows, movies with your friends through local networks and through internet











hardware mpeg recording
advanced hardware mpeg recording settings











autoscan for tv channels
advanced settings for autoscan to find the tv and radio channels






 
 


 








pages

home
company
downloads
buy
support



product

key features
comparison chart
supported tv cards
user interface
faq



about
enhance your tv experience by watching and recording your favourite tv and fm programs on your pc with our latest christv pvr 6.00 suite of products, compatible with many analog tv cards... more »







         copyright © 2002-2024, chris p.c. srl. all rights reserved.
         all logos and trademarks on this site are property of their respective owner.
        




                    facebook



                    twitter



                    rss

















