


thomas kinkade village galleries - home







 











   
      
      


 
      






 
    














           































     thomas kinkade, nationally
renowned as the   painter
        of light, is americas
        most collected living artist, a painter communicator whose
        tranquil
        light-infused paintings
        bring hope and joy to millions each year.
       each painting that thomas kinkade creates is a quiet message in
        the home, affirming the basic values of family, faith and the luminous
        beauty of nature.








  

























 
village
    galleries still has a small inventory of thoms spectacular  evening
    majesty  in
    both the rare gallery proof (gp) and publisher proof (pp)
    editions.   the publisher proofs have an exclusive hometown collection remark
    sketch including thom's signature, watermarked onto the reverse of the canvas by
    the publisher, lightpost.  there were only 20 produced with this watermark sketch, of which 11 remain
    in our inventory.  


 price
    of the gallery proof, unframed, was $1450; special - $950.


price
    of the publisher proof w/ remark, unframed: was $1600, special - $1150.


        
    a
    new frames of your choice is available for $350.
 

        fedex
    "3rd business day air" shipping within the usa
    is included in the price

 
    












 
released
    early in 1995,  brookside hideaway

    is thoms favorite valentines day gift to lovers everywhere. 
    its the perfect romantic hideaway, lavish with spectacular
    flowers.


 village
    galleries has a limited inventory of this painting in exclusive gallery
    proof(gp) edition.  the list price, unframed, is $1595; our special
    price for this piece is $790.  pick a frame of your choice, $220. 
    free fedex "3rd business day air" shipping within the usa.


 


some
    of the most popular pieces we have in stock today with special pricing are
    as follows:
             
    aspen chapel                                          lamplight brooke
         
                 
    beside still waters                                  lamplight inn  

                 
    blessings of spring 
                                   lamplight manor                      
    


                  blossom hill church                               moonlight cottage 

                 
    broadwater bridge                                   morning glory cottage 
    

                 
    brookside hideaway                                mountain chapel


                 
     chartres                                  
                     mountain
    majesty


                 
    cobblestone brooke                                mountains declare his glory


                 
    cobblestone lane                                   new day dawning

                 
     evening glow                                          
    new york, 1932

                 
     evening majesty                                       old porterfield gift shop

                 
     forest chapel                                          
    open gate, sussex


                 
     glory of morning                                       
    paris, city of lights 
    

                 
     heathers hutch                                       
    a
    quiet evening

                 
     hidden
    arbor                                      
          rock of salvation              
    

                 
     hidden
    cottage ii                                    
    sweetheart cottage
    iii        

                 
     hometown
    evening                                 valley of peace    
    


                 
     it doesnt get
    much better                      via casino            

                
      juliannes cottage                                  
    weathervane hutch 
    

                                                    
       

                 
                            

                       
                                   
    

                 
                                           
           

                 
                                   
                  
    

                 
                                             

                 
                                    
            

                 
                                       
           

                 
                             
                         
      


                 
                      
                             
    

                 
      

                 
                                                                                
    


 


please
    identify your favorite and submit you particular requests to us for the most
    competitive pricing in the industry.  you
    can call village galleries directly at 800 500-2304 or if you prefer, email
    us at villagegalleries@yahoo.com


 


the
    offerings above are for a limited time and restricted to a first come, first
    served basis.  our inventory is
    limited to goods on hand; none of the sold out editions can be
    published again.  we guarantee
    our thomas kinkade canvas lithographs to be 100% authentic and in perfect,
    new condition.


 
    














     
      












    
    go
        behind the scenes to see
        how a masterpiece is created.  thom takes us through one
        of his exquisite paintings & he explains what it means to him. 
    this months painting features "carmel, sunset  on ocean
        avenue."














copyright
      2004  
    thomas kinkade village galleries  
    all rights reserved.







corum,rolex day date,fake rolex for sale,rolex air king,breitling,rolex prince,replica watches,richard mille,jaeger lecoultre,tag heuer,replica tag heuer,hublot,patek philippe,chopard,zenith,fake rolex for sale,rolex yachtmaster,iwc,rolex masterpiece


