




alumni | dalhousie university


























skip to main content











close 









login









mydal




dalonline




brightspace




dalu




opendal




get help with your login













dal.ca home


































alumni








dal.ca home



login



mydal




dal online




brightspace




dalu




opendal




get help with your login










menu 








events and awards



events and awards
discover how dalhousie university is connecting and celebrating our talented alumni community with engaging events and exciting awards.
events and awards overview



alumni awards


alumni award recipients




alumni days


open dialogue live


reunions






faculties



faculties
make connections, network, read about classmates, attend an event, or find ways to get involved by visiting your dalhousie university alumni faculty page. 
faculties overview



agriculture


architecture and planning


arts and social sciences


computer science


dentistry


engineering


health


law


management


medicine


open learning and career development


science






volunteer



volunteer
as a dalhousie alumni volunteer, you will gain valuable leadership experience and make a difference in the area that matters most to you. 
volunteer overview



dal insight circle


boards and committees


dal alumni association board


dalhousie women’s connection




mentorship opportunities


dal global ambassadors


what to expect as a volunteer


volunteer spotlights






benefits



benefits
as a dalhousie alum, you have access to benefits and discounts, mentorship, career advising and preferred rates on insurance for alumni.  
benefits overview



alumni discounts


career advising


dal email for alumni


td insurance meloche monnex


manulife insurance


td direct investing






news and spotlights



news and spotlights
discover what exciting news and events are happening among our alumni community on the dal campus and worldwide.
news and spotlights overview



alumni news


class notes


notable alumni






contact
















        your community to discover
    









more than 160k strong, the dal alumni network offers many ways for you to engage, give back and continue to build meaningful relationships.



learn what it means to give back 
access your alumni benefits 
update your contact information 

















        explore dal's professional master’s programs
    
advance your career and build on your education experience through dalhousie’s flexible, supportive, and specialized course-based professional master’s degrees.


find your program














        upcoming events
    
join alumni and the dal community at a variety of events this winter. if you missed the stanfield conversation: the us election and democracy’s global fate with cbc's piya chattopadhyay as moderator, watch the replay!



view all events














        featured alumni news
    
get inspired by the incredible community of dal alumni and what's making headlines around dal. visit class notes to share your update with fellow alumni.


explore news and spotlights






























volunteer




learn how volunteering can create opportunities and strengthen our community. from the dal insight circle and dal alumni link mentoring program to speaking engagements and activities in your faculty, include dal in your volunteerism journey!




start volunteering with dal













        meet your dal alumni association board
    






































dal magazine




dal magazine is dalhousie’s flagship publication that is produced twice per year. stay connected with news and stories of our people and initiatives.





find the latest issue














sign up for alumni benefits




support a meaningful initiative




update your contact information 
























office of advancement




















coburg place, 6389 coburg road, po box 15000, halifax, ns b3h 4r2 





contact the alumni office




contact the development team




phone 902-494-8801




toll-free 1-800-565-9969






charitable tax number: bn88680 6561 rr0001
view our gift acceptance policies and procedures
update your contact information





linkedin




facebook




instagram




youtube




































halifax, nova scotia, canada b3h 4r2
1-902-494-2211
maps and direction
campus tours
agricultural campus (truro ns)











campus directory




contact us




libraries




careers at dalhousie




media centre




give to dal






dalhousie university operates in the unceded territories of the mi’kmaw, wolastoqey, and peskotomuhkati peoples. these sovereign nations hold inherent rights as the original peoples of these lands, and we each carry collective obligations under the peace and friendship treaties. section 35 of the constitution act, 1982 recognizes and affirms aboriginal and treaty rights in canada.
view the full land acknowledgement statement




we recognize that african nova scotians are a distinct people whose histories, legacies and contributions have enriched that part of mi'kma'ki known as nova scotia for over 400 years.
view our african nova scotian acknowledgement





















© dalhousie university







accessibility




website feedback




privacy statement




terms of use





























