your trusted colorado hvac company | lakeside heating & air     

skip to contentblogfinancingtax credits303-421-3572request servicecall todaymenuhvac servicescoolingac repairac installationac maintenanceall cooling servicesheatingfurnace repairfurnace installationfurnace maintenanceall heating servicesheat pumps & mini-splitsheat pump installationmini-split installationall heat pump and mini-split servicesother servicesindoor air qualitywater heater repair & installationhvac maintenance plansproductslennoxdaikinfurnacesair conditionersheat pumpsductless mini-splitsair filtration systemshumidifiersthermostatswater heatersall productsofferscompanyaboutreviewscareersrequest servicemenuhvac servicescoolingac repairac installationac maintenanceall cooling servicesheatingfurnace repairfurnace installationfurnace maintenanceall heating servicesheat pumps & mini splitsheat pump installationmini-split installationall heat pump and mini split servicesother servicesindoor air qualitywater heater repair & installationproductslennoxdaikinfurnacesair conditionersheat pumpsductless mini-splitsair filtration systemshumidifiersthermostatswater heatersall productsofferscompanyaboutreviewsrequest service
homelakesideheating2025-01-31t11:46:13-07:00live comfortably with our air conditioning repair in denver, colakeside heating & air conditioning has been serving the denver metro for more than 50 years, providing outstanding repair, installation and customer service to ensure comfortable living all year round.expert residential hvac services for year-round comfort in your colorado home60 months, no interestwith approved credit. ask us for details and exclusions.see financingkeep your hvac system in great healthset up a routine maintenance schedule for peak system performance.schedule maintenancehaving served communities in and around arvada and the denver metro with outstanding residential hvac services for more than 50 years, lakeside heating & air conditioning knows what it takes to deliver comfortable living all year-round with our full suite of residential hvac repair, installation and maintenance support for colorado homes. high standards for colorado hvac services are vital so homeowners have strong layers of protection against dry summer heat and heavy winter snowstorms.what’s more, the experts at lakeside know that effective heating and cooling in colorado is only part of a complete comfort solution. humidity, airborne pollution and even monthly energy costs can all limit how much we enjoy spending time at home. we offer high-efficiency indoor air quality products and the best heat pump services to ensure a full spectrum of comfort for everyone that wants it.struggling to secure your sense of comfort? interested in what the latest innovative lennox® hvac products can offer? consider lakeside heating & air conditioning your one-stop shop for lasting comfort solutions.hvac services in arvada, cowhen it comes to staying cool, innovative products and efficient colorado ac services are a big part of lasting relief during scorching summers. as your dedicated residential hvac pros, we’re proud to sell and service high-efficiency air conditioners that raise the bar for increasing cooling and decreasing energy use. give us a call the next time you need air conditioning repair, installation or maintenance support in arvada.cooling serviceswinter loves to surprise homeowners with sudden temperature drops and heavy snowfall. but when you trust lakeside’s furnace maintenance, installation and repair services, your residential heating is always prepared. we’ll make sure fuel efficiency is at its peak while safety components are ready to respond at the first sign of trouble. if you’re worried about next winter, why not see how lakeside’s colorado heating services can help?heating servicesclaim energy-efficient comfort with a heat pump rebate in arvada!denver heat pump rebates are back! receive up to $3,500 back on air source heat pumps, $3,500 on mini-split heat pumps and $1,750 on heat pump water heaters.* secure your energy savings and schedule an installation appointment today.*denver residents only. qualifying models only. additional exclusions apply; contact us for full details.see rebates & offersexplore innovative comfort with colorado heat pump servicesheat pumps are a versatile, energy-efficient option for residential hvac. depending on your comfort needs and energy costs, new heat pump installation or even replacing your existing unit is a great way to see improvements quickly. not only can the team at lakeside facilitate residential installation, but we can set you up with rebates to further cut your up-front costs.heat pump serviceslakeside heating & air conditioning4.8based on 165 reviewspowered by googlereview us ondee dee woodman18:47 20 may 23lakeside worked to get us taken care of in a timely manner. very professional and they did an excellent job swapping out our water heater after our basement flooded. highly recommend!kurt prunty20:42 06 may 23quality business - good to work with from quote thru install. installers were pleasant, efficient and capable - took good care of our house and drop cloths and booties during install and the finished job looks professional.  quoted us what was needed, informed us of options and maintenance items but no pressure or upselling in the process.  would recommend them to others.martin davis14:39 18 apr 23lakeside hvac did a great job evaluating our existing system and providing us with a new efficient furnace and ac. the installation team was friendly, on time, and answered any question we had. the left the furnace room clean and tidy after the install. a great experience and the best price and product for our needs.chandra mironas21:17 09 mar 23lakeside heating installed our new furnace and ac. their quote wasn't the lowest, however, the offer of 5 years with 0% financing was hard to beat since not many people have $10k+ in the bank. tony was very professional, knowledgeable and quick with the many quotes we asked for. holly was very nice on the phone when filling out the financing application and scheduling the appointment. speaking of the appointment, they were able to come install within a couple days of saying "yes" to the quote, which was great! mick and brandon did the install of the new equipment and were very friendly and professional. it was quoted for 2 days of work and they were done in a day! overall, great experience and would recommend them to friends and family.tom lewis15:00 18 sep 21i can't say enough great things about lakeside heating a/c inc.we decided to replace our 24 year old furnace and a/c, and boy are we glad we chose lakeside!from beginning to end the process was smooth, professional, very friendly and comfortable.they do what they say they’re going to do, when they say they’re going to do it, and go above and beyond to make sure it’s done right.holly was great in communicating times and how the whole process would be done.tony did our estimate and was very thorough in explaining what to expect from different systems.chael and derek were awesome installers, noticing some existing problems, then taking the time and their expertise to make everything perfect. they really went above and beyond what had to be done.if you're hesitating on what company to go with for any kind of hvac service, i would definitely go with these guys.  i did, and definitely will in the future.about lakeside heating & air conditioningmaking your home more comfortable isn’t just our tagline. it’s our profession. our family has proudly been delivering the heating and cooling services denver-area homeowners have relied on since 1971. regardless of what hvac issue you’re dealing with, our polite and educated technicians will take care of it quickly at a fair price. learn more about our company and how our family can assist you.about uscomplete your sense of comfort with iaq services in arvada, coloradoat lakeside, our ideas for total comfort never stop. we know how important it is to keep your indoor air quality as high as possible, so feel free to explore our available products and services. from microorganisms to excess dust, we have the solution to your air quality concerns.iaq servicesremember, we’re not comfortable until you are!regardless of what residential hvac issue you’re dealing with, our professional technicians and installers will find a solution. learn more about our commitment to serving denver and the surrounding areas however we can to help you live comfortably.about ussave more with our special offerswe know installing a new hvac system is a big investment. learn how you can make yours more affordable with our rebates and special offers.view offerscustomer testimonialsmy entire experience with lakeside heating was awesome! from the quote to the actual installation of our new furnace, everything was professional and efficient. highly recommend.emilie gillette
broomfield, coview testimonialsawards & credentialsour service areasarvada, cobow mar, cobroomfield, cocentennial, cocherry creek, codenver, coedgewater, coenglewood, cogolden, cohighlands ranch, cojefferson countylafayette, colakewood, coleyden rock, colittleton, colouisville, conorthglenn, cosheridan, cothornton, cowestminster, cowheat ridge, cocontactlakeside heating & air conditioning
6260 west 52nd ave unit 116
arvada, co 80002303-421-3572720-900-0095financing optionslicensed & insuredprivacy policy sitemap  | arvada website hosting© 2025 lakeside heating & air conditioning
page load link

go to top
 

