


	rod and sherry boyd - panorama



























donate now



email us

sign 
						our guestbook





homeschools
real hope for panama schools2019 ciecad congress: rise up, be strong, be bravea childhope christmasaction bible distributions begin2017 ciecad congress: shaping an extraordinary generationwhat does an lacc christmas really mean?thanks for everythingchurch and school: leaving a lasting legacyno greater joyciecad 2010: christian school congressthe oasis of peace school lives up to its namelacc christmas at soloypanama’s christian schools: commitment with results2009 christian school congresscheerful giving: lacc christmas 2008new schools... new record!lacc: the gift that keeps on givinga second bumper crop harvest for panama's schoolslacc international dialoguelacc sponsorship program advancestocumen school... new year, new classes!the miracle at duimaaldo's storyjose angel's answered prayerconcentrated joy: lacc christmas and graduations 2001a fence or an ambulance?full circle missionsfrancisco and friendsmountain top experiencethe guaymi project: update
school projects
chepo projectjireh projectproject tocumen
lartc
vision to reality... dedication of the latin america resource and training centerlartc construction update: finishing toucheslartc construction update: so close!on the homestretch of lartc constructionlartc now has a commercial kitchen!lartc is taking shapelartc update: finishing welllartc atrium building three construction launcheswhat a difference two years have made!lartc: phase 1 building dedicationthree week lartc construction blitzwhat a difference a year makes!stepping out in faith:  lartc construction updatea miracle opportunity for the latin america resource and training centerconstruction update - latin america resource and training center
maps teams
evangel temple... good work at lartceastridge launches lartc phase 4 constructionbakersfield first launches lartc atrium constructiontwo teams advance lartc constructioncalvary christian assembly (seattle) advances lartc housing building constructionportland christian center advances lartc phase 2 building constructionstone church (yakima, wa) constinues construction on the lartcportland christian center advances construction on the lartclincolnton ga first assembly maps team launches lartc constructionagawam continues construction at chepo schoolst. charles maps team ministers in chepoportland builds final floor at jireh
portland christian center photo journal
eastridge issaquah builds on two fronts
eastridge issaquah photos
alabama team ministers at jireh
double springs, al additional photos
three e. washington churches continue jireh construction
pasco and yakima additional photos
shoreline and eastridge continue jireh construction
shoreline and eastridge additional photos
portland team launches jierh school construction
portland photo journal
mount vernon maps builders at tocumenshoreline team takes it to a new level at tocumenbethany team launches tocumen school constructionsccs youth paint and preachne region pathfinders build church on playon chicoportland cc builds new mt. zion schooltennessee pathfinders double duima schoolcalvary temple seattle: final thrust at las mananitasbethany team returns to las mananitasagawam ma continues final thrust at las mananitasmiddletown pa: final thrust at las mananitassccs students reach out to schoolstenn pathfinders build church on narganaeverett team takes it to the next level at mananitassccs students make a difference in panamaportland team returns to build churchtennessee pathfinders build kuna church on rio tigretoppenish wa team prepares las mananitas for 2001potomac maps team launches gonzalillo school constructionpasco, wa team extends las mananitasgriffin, ga construction team starts new phase at lmportland christian center builds at canaanagawam (ma) bethany builds at canaanwenatchee-spokane team continues at las mananitaswenatchee maps team build at las mananitassumiton maps team builds at las mananitasalabama maps team blesses doleguita
computer teams
little davey project 2019: sustaining growth2018 little davey: target el salvador2017 little davey continues investment in panamalittle davey project - panama 20162015 little davey project blesses guatemalan schoolslittle davey project - panama 2014little davey rides again!little davey delivers 75 computers to panama schools60 new computers for schools in el salvadorlittle davey delivers again!eastridge issaquah builds 50 computers for panama schoolslittle davey builds 75 computers for nicaragua schoolslittle davey project builds 50 computers for costa rica schoolsportland tech team builds 50 computers for panama schoolstechnology campaign 2002
ministerial training
colombia 2019: a very special educators summitmonumental ministerial trainingplan 2033back-to-back: educators summit and la education ministries boardsummit vision: 2018 international educators summit and lartc visiona giant awakening:  saltillo, mexico reportthe heart of teacher trainingshaping effective national training programsthe essential role of training in missionary work2015 educators summit - special dominican edition!2015 educational leaders dialogue reportraising up harvest workers2013 mexico educators summit reportfive lessons i learned teaching isumhistoric significance... 2013 educators summit reporteducator summit 2012 - lima, perutraining the trainers... focus peru2012 costa rica educators summittraining the trainersbridge building... 2010 aclame summit reportchile 2010 summit: momentum for leadership trainingeducators summit 2010: multiplying generations of leaderslatin america christian education committee approves new bible school curriculum planinfluencing generations of ministerssummit 2008 argentina: new horizons in ministerial trainingeducators summit 2008, guatemalaeducational leaders: dialogue southlet him teach!2007 international bible school dialogueeducational leaders convene for triennial meeting2006 summit: bible school leaders meet in argentina2005 bible school graduation reportsetting the agenda for bible schools2004 missionary educators summitboyds become directors of resource and advisory centercomputer lab opens in panama's central bible schoolthelma: a lesson in persistence
kuna indians
leaving a lasting legacy with panama's kuna indianssan blas:  2001 updatefive graduate from kuna bible schoolwhen church collides with culturelife of the kuna indiansking of kings, lord of lordsgod loves the kuna indianskuna bible school starts classes
other ministry
retired... on assignmenttransitionfaithfulpresence, plan, provision and promiseitineration: renew, reconnect, refocusrememberlife interruptedback in panama!our heart's desirewelcome randy, lynne and jennifer forsyth!counting our blessingsmeet the morales familyhelp is on the way!missionary associates needed in panamabuilding god's kingdom in panamadoes latin america still need missionaries?finding your way to heaven
panama
country of panamapanama canalwhat's cooking panama!
wcp, part 1wcp, part 2wcp, part 3wcp, part 4

reports-videos
interviews with a missionary
supportabout us







sponsor a child!






latin america resource
					and training center







 : home



 

welcome to panorama, website of rod and sherry boyd, 
	retired missionaries who servied in panama and the spanish-speaking countries of latin 
	america and the caribbean.  below are our most recent reports and 
	articles.  other information, articles and reports are available from 
	the menu system to the left.



vision 
							to reality... dedication of the latin america 
							resource & training center
							report on the may 3rd celebration and dedication of 
							lartc facilities.
details





retired... on 
							assignment
							it's official!  rod and sherry retired from 
							full-time missionary service in october.  they 
							continue "on assignment," giving oversite to the 
							lartc and helping as able.  they take a look 
							back to see how god has lead and blessed them during 
							their 30 years as missionaries.
details





transition
							we finally made it back to panama!  a 
							satisfying trip, but reinforced our plans for the 
							future... continuting to move forward in transition 
							of leadership and ministry.
details





lartc 
							construction update: finishing touches
							thanks to faithful partners, construction has 
							continued on the lartc building.  this video 
							report focuses on the building exterior work and 
							landscaping completed the last few months.
details






lartc construction 
							update: so close! 
							98% completed!  so grateful for generous 
							partners and amazing progress these last several 
							months.  so close to crossing the finish line!
details






faithful 
							rod and sherry give testimony to god's faithfullness 
							in family and health, ministry and support, and in 
							transition and legacy.
details






real hope for panama 
							schools 
							report on recent ministry at the soloy and duima 
							good shepherd schools.
details

 




presence, plan, 
							provision and promise 
							rod and sherry share their experiences visiting 
							churches this fall and an update on lartc 
							construction.
details 






itineration: renew, 
							reconnect, refocus 
							the boyds are back in the states, beginning a time 
							of visiting supporting churches, family and friends.  
							thoughts on covid-19 in panama and ministry.
details 







							june 2020 video update 
							video report on the effects of covid-19 in panama on 
							life, ministry and lartc construction.
details 






remember 
							how will you remember the covid-19 pandemic?  
							here are some healthy and hopeful ways to remember 
							god's faithfulness.
details 






life interrupted 
							homestay report and thoughts during the coronavirus 
							outbreak in panama.  god is still in control!
details 






on the homestretch of 
							lartc construction 
							2019 was a banner year for lartc construction that 
							now stands at 90%.  we're heading down the 
							homestretch... final 10% of construction in 2020.
details






2019 christian school 
							congress: rise up, be strong, be brave 
							a record 573 attend the 2019 ciecad christian school 
							congress in panama city, panama.  teachers, 
							directors, pastors and leaders from central american 
							childhope schools are challenged to rise up, be 
							strong and be brave.
details






little davey 
							project 2019: sustaining growth 
							david and deborah kaiser and the rest of the little 
							davey project team, including some special family, 
							blessed six schools with 75 computers.
details






evangel temple...
							good work at lartc 
							a group of 20 from evangel temple paints, builds 
							cabinets and frames and hangs canvass prints at 
							lartc
details






colombia 2019:  
							a very special educators summit 
							report on the 2019 colombia educator summit and the 
							four things made it very special.
details






lartc now has a 
							commercial kitchen!  and other construction 
							news 
							we had a banner week at the lartc and our 
							professional chef is very happy!  commercial 
							kitchen equipment was delivered and is in process of 
							being set up and connected!  progress report on 
							atrium construction, etc.
details













