





world's largest producer of aloe vera ingredients - aloecorp










































































about us

why aloecorp
company history
our mission
company philosophy
management team
trade shows
news
sale terms & conditions


products & services

aloecorp aloe vera products
scientific affairs
production
farming


aloe vera benefits
find a distributor
contact us
 






the aloecorp difference

we take pride in being the first and only aloe vera grower and manufacturer to go beyond mere quality analysis





the world leader in production of high-quality aloe vera

we provide the highest quality aloe vera raw materials for food, cosmetic and pharmaceutical industries around the world by continuously improving our operations and quality systems, conducting scientific research, maintaining clean efficient operations and providing excellent customer service that exceeds expectations.






the difference is in our quality and our service

aloecorp has the highest quality aloe vera products available. both of our product lines, activaloe® and certified plus® contain the highest standard of quality available. manufacturers whose products contain activaloe® may be given the opportunity to include the activaloe® logo on their product packaging, as well as obtain additional technical support, testing and research. our full-service experts guide product manufacturers on creating successful applications of our aloe vera as a healthy food ingredient, beverage, supplement or more. nature’s “succulent” functional ingredient, aloe vera can help to improve gastrointestinal health, support the immune system, reduce wrinkles and maintain healthy cholesterol. learn more about the benefits and applications of aloe vera >> 








purified inner leaf fillet juice



liquids (1x and 10x) made from purified inner fillet of aloe vera.








purified inner leaf fillet powder



200x concentrated powder made from purified inner fillet of aloe vera.








purified leaf juice



liquids (1x) made from purified aloe vera leaf.








purified leaf powder



100x concentrated powder made from purified aloe vera leaf.



 view all products





701 vogel dr suite c-d, mercedes, tx 78570


956-294-7010


















© 2025 aloecorp. all rights reserved.





