


framingham.com
























home

welcome
site map
newsletter


local

framingham calendar
framingham weather
framingham history
framingham organizations
maps & transportation
framingham books
framingham cable tv
downtown framingham
framingham heart study
more local links...


news

around town
arts / culture
business
general interest
health & fitness
home & garden
legal notices
politics
public meetings
schools & education
seniors
technology


business

business directory
real estate guide
dining guide


schools

schools/education
homework help
fhs-tv


living

health & wellness
kids pages
seniors
recreation
religion
new england travel
sports
ski new england


gov

town government
state government
federal government


help

ask framingham.com
privacy policy
contact us
advertising info






































fda warns sanofi genzyme of biological contamination issues in framingham plant

framingham, ma - on january 15, 2025, the u.s. food & drug administration (fda) center for drug evaluation and research (cder) sent a warning to french drug manufacturer sanofi regarding issues at it's subsidiary genzyme corporation facilities in framingham, ma. sanofi's genzyme corporation offices, research and manufacturing facilities occupy multiple buildings in the industrial area between route... [read more].





hackers steal framingham heart study data

framingham, ma - on sunday, september 8, 2024, data related to participants of the framingham heart study was stolen from a boston university (bu) server. data for all 15,448 participants was involved in the breach. hackers gained access to the server, compressed files containing personal data of all participants and downloaded the archive containing copies of all... [read more].





framingham under red flag fire warning wednesday november 6th, 2024

framingham, ma -- the national weather service has issued a "red flag" fire warning for the greater framingham / metrowest area as well as most other parts of massachusetts for wednesday november 6th, 2024, especially between the hours of 8:00 am through 6:00 pm. with temperatures forecast to be in the high 70's, combined with low humidity,... [read more].





fda recalls many brands of ice cream for possible listeria

framingham, ma -- local shoppers (and retailers) should note that the u.s. food & drug administration (fda) released a list of dozens of popular ice cream products recalled for possible listeria health risks. ice cream varieties, novelties, sizes and flavors manufactured by totally cool, inc. include more than 50 different products sold under dozens of brand names... [read more].





walmart ground beef recalled for e. coli risk

framingham, ma - on may 1, 2024 the u.s. food & drug administration (fda) food safety and inspection service (fsis) announced a recall of ground beef products sold at walmart produced by cargill meat solutions, of hazleton, pa. the recalling involves approximately 16,243 pounds of raw ground beef products that may be contaminated with e. coli o157:h7.... [read more].





framingham man sentenced to prison for operating unlicensed money transmitting business

boston, ma -- a framingham man was sentenced yesterday in federal court in boston for operating an unlicensed money transmitting business. luiz dasilva, 69, was sentenced by u.s. district court judge nathaniel m. gorton to 18 months in prison and two years of supervised release. on nov. 27, 2023, the defendant pleaded guilty to operation of an... [read more].





team framingham: 2024 boston marathon applications now available

framingham, ma -- want to run the boston marathon in 2024? team framingham 2024 applications are now available. team framingham is seeking applications from organizations and runners. team framingham was formed for the 2014 boston marathon to formalize the process for distributing the entries provided to the city of framingham by the boston athletic association (baa), the... [read more].





keefe tech receives $520k grant for plumbing and hvac certification programs for adults

framingham, ma -- keefe regional technical school's continuing education program, has received a grant in the amount of $520,000 for the enhancement of its existing journeyman plumbing code and theory program, and the creation of an hvac, oil and gas burner technology certification program for adults.... [read more].









what's new?
framingham weather page - we've replaced our old weather widget with a nice interactive 5-day framingham weather forecast, live weather map, night sky astronomical view and more!
maps added to business directory - each business listing now displays a street level map showing the location of the business.
more famous framingham folks - we've been collecting and adding more information about contemporary as well as historical figures with ties to framingham.
framingham facebook pages - we scoured facebook looking for pages and groups related to framingham, (no personal pages are included in list).
info about more framingham books added - find books about framingham history, books by framingham authors, and other books related to the town.








the square and town pump, saxonville, mass. (1906)


postcards from framingham - view an online collection of turn of the century postcards from framingham, ma (usa).








framingham events calendar






sun, mar 16th
metrowest symphony orchestra





framingham weather forecast
framingham weather page









social media links:




framingham twitter



framingham facebook






















framinghamheart study







home | 
site map | 
advertising info | 
privacy policy










home page
privacy policy
site map
advertising info
contact us


framingham news
framingham weather
framingham calendar of events
framingham sports
framingham organizations
framingham cable tv


framingham business directory
framingham schools
framingham history
framingham real estate
framingham restaurants





copyright ©1995-2025 framingham.com, all rights reserved.












