

rocketbaby™ what's new


















new..... join our many exciting forums...... anime, music, games, art, reviews, news, secrets, etc.
latest interviews
 


uru

tim larkin
giant egg

tomoya ohtani
giant egg 

mariko nanba

super sweep

shinji hosoe 



recent reviews



 billy

              hatcher ost

back

          in the s.s.t 

drag-on

            dragoon 

 final

          fantasy x2 


 megatudo2096

 puni

          fugo

 sf: tribute

 white

              princess




other reviews & previews
 


 j

              idols: fukakyon  
 game

              music audio
 baldur's

              gate: da
 upcoming

              activision  




friends




avalanche

                online  


rpgclassics  


squaresound


tetsushi

                naito  

steve-o

jason

                long 


otakuduet 





upcoming stuff



kenji ito 

tenpei sato 

tomoya ohtani


mariko nanba 





top 10 vgm discs



technosoft

                gmc vol. 7

final

                fantasy x ost 

technosoft

                gmc vol. 6  

dracula

                x  

 final

                  fantasy vii 





the

                black mages  

legend

                of dragoon 

ddrmax2

                7th mix 

technosoft

                gmc vol. 9 

final

                fantasy ix








survey alert!
if you love game music then please visit cocoebiz and fill out 

              

              their survey. 

              let the japanese vgm producers know what you want!!



susumu 

            hirasawa millenium actress news!



4/9/ activision h.q. announces call of duty: united offensive
currently at boot camp.
activision, inc. confirmed today that gamers can enlist for 

              a second tour of duty on the intense front lines of wwii with call 

              of duty(tm): united offensive(tm) - the expansion pack to the highly 

              acclaimed, #1 best-selling call of duty(tm) from infinity ward. 

              delivering a compelling, all-new single player campaign filled with 

              new weapons, character abilities and other expanded features, call 

              of duty: united offensive also offers a robust multiplayer experience 

              introducing new maps and modes of play. building on call of duty's 

              award-winning cinematic intensity and chaos of battle, players are 

              thrust alongside their squad mates into more authentic action on 

              europe's most historic battlefields. currently in development at 

              gray matter interactive studios, call of duty: united offensive 

              is expected to release later this fall and is rated "rp" 

              (rating pending) by the esrb.






4/9/ build an online dynasty with the jade empire fan 

              site kit!
microsoft game studios announced today that the official jade 

              empire fan site kit (fsk) is now available for download at http://www.xbox.com/en-us/jadeempire/. 

              the jade empire fsk (6 mb) includes exclusive screenshots, borders, 

              logos, concept art and a fact sheet to help webmasters turn their 

              sites into everlasting online dynasties. jade empire is in development 

              by bioware corp. and is scheduled to ship in fall.
jade empire is an action-rpg set in the ancient, mysterious 

              world of mythical china. players must train under their master’s 

              watchful eye to learn powerful martial arts and mystical powers. 

              when danger threatens, players travel across the world, from the 

              harsh mountains of the land of howling spirits to the lush gardens 

              of the imperial city. in their adventures, players face powerful 

              human and supernatural foes, learn exotic and magical martial arts 

              and discover the darkest secrets of the world. only by mastering 

              the greatest fighting styles and defeating the most powerful enemies 

              will players earn their place as a master of martial arts in the 

              world of jade empire. for more information about jade empire, visit 

              http://www.xbox.com/en-us/jadeempire/ 

              or http://www.jade-empire.com/.
 




4/9/ project gotham racing 2 and xbox live challenge the 

              world’s best online racing gamers.
microsoft to crown online racing world champion at nascar’s 

              coca cola 600. 
auto enthusiasts, racing fans and gamers from around the world 

              have been issued the challenge to “put the pedal to the metal” 

              in an all-out online battle for racing supremacy. microsoft today 

              announced project gotham racing® 2’s first-ever international 

              xbox live™ online video game tournament. sponsored by target, 

              the tournament – which runs from april 17 – may 17, 20 

              – will pit the best online racing gamers from three regions 

              against one another in an intercontinental competition of the best-selling, 

              critically acclaimed xbox® video game, project gotham racing 

              2.
gamers from canada and the united states that would like to 

              participate in the “project gotham racing 2 international tournament” 

              can log on to www.xbox.com/en-us/live/tournaments 

              from now until april 17 to register. gamers from europe should check 

              the regional xbox.com url in their area for more details on how 

              to sign up.
over 750,000 xbox live members are challenged to race through 

              the game’s “princes street east” track in edinburgh, 

              scotland and record their best times. the racers with the best seven 

              times – two from the united states, two from canada and three 

              from europe – will represent their region as finalists.
these final seven will receive an all-expense paid trip to charlotte, 

              n.c. for the “project gotham racing 2 international tournament” 

              finals, which will take place over memorial day weekend at nascar’s 

              highly-anticipated “food lion speed street” event. the 

              finalists will also receive a pass to one of the most celebrated 

              races in nascar – the coca cola 600 at lowe’s motor speedway. 

              in addition, the finals will feature a performance by island records 

              recording act, autopilot off to celebrate both the tournament and 

              the release of their first full-length album, make a sound. but 

              among those seven finalists, there can be only one true champion. 

              one winner will be crowned the world’s best online racer and 

              take home the grand prize package of $5,000, a one-year subscription 

              to xbox live and the chance to play against the band members from 

              autopilot off.






3/31/ snk neo geo usa launches kof: maxium impact website.
snk neogeo usa consumer corporation, the us publishing arm of 

              the snk neogeo corporation, announced today the company has launched 

              the official fan site for the first original the king of fighters 

              title for the playstation®2 computer entertainment system. www.kofmi.com 

              will be the top source for new information about kof: maximum impact, 

              the first 3d version of one of the most popular fighting game series 

              in the history of video games. the website will be stocked and constantly 

              updated with new information, screenshots and movies for kof: maximum 

              impact. additionally, the website will be the spot where snk will 

              unveil brand new characters for the series.
 
 maximum impact will ship in fall 20 and is the first kof 

              title to be designed specifically for the playstation®2, rather 

              than being based on any existing snk kof arcade edition. click 

              here.
 




3/31/ create your destiny! fable fan site kit now available.
microsoft game studios announced today that the official fable 

              fan site kit (fsk) is now available for download at http://www.xbox.com/en-us/fable/default.htm. 

              the fable fsk (35 mb) includes all the materials webmasters will 

              need to create a compelling fable-themed web site, including buttons, 

              background tiles, screenshots, logos and forum avatars. fable, the 

              highly anticipated role-playing game, will be available late summer 

        , exclusively for xbox.
 



3/31/ crash™ twinsanity™ 

            - game announcement 

             
crash bandicoot® teams up with nemesis dr. cortex to defeat 

              evil twins in the marsupial’s funniest adventure yet. announced 

              on march 25, 20, crash twinsanity™, the next installment 

              in the best-selling video game franchise, set to ship in q3 20 

              for the playstation®2 computer entertainment system and the 

              xbox® video game system from microsoft.



3/31/ microsoft announces that 

            three new courses are available for amped 2 via xbox live! check out 

            new screens and download here.


3/31/ tribes™: vengeance - 

            julia’s sky-pony
ign just unveiled an exclusive new vehicle for tribes™: 

              vengeance called julia’s sky-pony. after reading this article, 

              we contacted chris mahnken, the producer at the sierra office up 

              north and asked him a few of our own questions …
 
where does the skypony spawn?
we thought it would be fun to have the skypony spawn from a 

              carousel that will be placed appropriately in single- and multi-player 

              maps. of course mod-ers can place the carousel anywhere they want.
 
is the skypony an air or ground vehicle?
it’s a little bit of both, but we think people will probably 

              use it mostly in the air to avoid ground fire.
 
why did you decide to make the skypony?
there is a certain type of tribes player who likes to do everything 

              on their own. they are the lone cowboy players, and they needed 

              transportation that would indicate their status as cowboys. the 

              skypony is for them. when you’re riding on your skypony, you 

              don’t need anybody else. you are the lone cowboy.
 
what armaments does the skypony carry?
the skypony is definitely more of a travel vehicle rather than 

              a combat vehicle, but we didn’t leave it completely unarmed. 

              we’re currently experimenting with a dual chaingun loadout 

              but may give people the option of arming it with rockets as well. 

              this is something we’ll want to test in the various public 

              beta programs we’re planning.
 
so, there you have it! personally, i think it will be great 

              to see the softer side of t:v. you know, speak softly – carry 

              a big stick. >:)
 




3/29/ microsoft will drop the price of the xbox to $149.00 

              bucks on 3/30/. get them while there hot! read 

              more...
 



3/24/ microsoft: next generation 

            of games starts with xna. read 

            more...



3/24/ true crime: streets of la soundtrack announcement
alice in chains and queensryche among 12 rock bands to join snoop 

              dogg and westside connection for true crime™: streets of l.a.™ 

              pc in-game soundtrack. expanding on its award-winning game soundtrack 

              featuring original music from snoop dogg, westside connection and 

              other hip-hop stars, activision inc. (nasdaq: atvi) today announced 

              true crime(tm): streets of l.a.(tm) for the pc will feature 32 additional 

              tracks from artists such as alice in chains, queensryche, and 

              grammy award nominees spineshank and stone sour. the massive soundtrack 

              will capture the essence of the city of angels, from the urban vibe 

              of east l.a. to the hard rock streets of hollywood offering more 

              than 115 music tracks that will immerse players into the mean streets 

              of los angeles. true crime: streets of l.a. for the pc will be available 

              this spring and is rated "m" ("mature" - blood 

              and gore, mature sexual themes, strong language and violence) by 

              the esrb.


              the game's 32 additional tracks also feature music from static-x, 

              the donnas, genitorturers, the distillers, killswitch engage, the 

              explosion, mojo rib, and prototype. true crime: streets of l.a. 

              pc will contain all the slammin' hip-hop music from the console 

              soundtrack performed by such renowned west coast hip-hop artists 

              as snoop dogg, westside connection (ice cube, mac 10 and wc), warren 

              g, kam, jayo felony, boo yaa tribe, easy-e jr., and many others.
 





3/19/ oingo boingo frontman danny 

            elfman composes theme for peter molyneux's xbox role-playing adventure 

            game, fable™.


3/19/ midway launches official 

            psi-ops website. 

            psi-ops will be available june for the playstation® 2 computer 

            entertainment system and the xbox® video game system from microsoft.



3/17/ own the world with pocket kingdom on the n-gage™mobile 

              game deck.
world's first global massively multiplayer online mobile game comes 

              to n-gage. nokia, together with sega, today announced pocket kingdom: 

              own the world for the n-gage game deck. pocket kingdom: own the 

              world is the world's first global massively multiplayer online mobile 

              game, challenging gamers to build a mighty online empire while competing 

              against challengers from around the world. set in a fantasy landscape, 

              it is a game of combat, action and strategy. send out armies to 

              explore the map of ulgress, searching for treasure and new army 

              recruits. online, in the n-gage arena, gamers can encounter thousands 

              of players from around the world, to compete against each other 

              for spoils and glory-- all competing to own the world!


              "pocket kingdom: own the world defies preconceived notions 

              about mobile gaming and creates an entirely new genre: global massively 

              multiplayer online mobile games," said pasi pölönen, 

              director, games publishing, nokia. "the n-gage platform, in 

              part because of its unique mobile connected features, helps game 

              developers unleash their creativity and build games for a truly 

              global market." pocket kingdom: own the world is expected to 

              be available for the n-gage platform in the third quarter.






3/1/ bomb away with bomberman on the n-gage™ mobile 

              game deck
nokia, together with hudson soft, today announced bomberman for 

              the n-gage game deck. join bomberman in his journey through eight 

              unique 3d worlds to rescue the golden statue and return

              it to bomberman city. using bluetooth wireless technology, bomberman 

              fans can battle against one another in five unique battle stages 

              only available in the two-player mode.the two-player mode over bluetooth 

              wireless technology means that mobile gamers can enjoy the addictive 

              bomberman action together! bomberman is expected to be available 

              in the second quarter.
 




2/19/ activision signs deal with metal band slipknot for 

              the mtx: mototrax™ video game.
hard-hitting metal and punk soundtrack to drive the fast-paced 

              motocross game. activision, inc. has signed a deal with roadrunner 

              records' multi-platinum-selling artist, slipknot, for the mtx: mototrax™ 

              videogame, which will be available in retail stores nationwide on 

              march 3, . the band will unveil their brand new track, "don't 

              get close" from their forthcoming album due out in may , 

              in the game. also included in the game is an unreleased instrumental 

              version of "the heretic anthem" and the hit "wait 

              and bleed" from their first self-titled album. a three-minute 

              slipknot video will be included in mtx: mototrax as well as a secret 

              character and bike designed by the band. a special cheat code to 

              unlock the secret character will be placed on the band's upcoming 

              album.


              the soundtrack will also feature 23 vocal tracks and 13 instrumental 

              tracks from some of the most popular metal and punk bands of today 

              along with underground bands, to fuel the fast-paced racing and 

              freestyle action in the game. players can choose to have an instrumental 

              soundtrack, one . with vocals or a combination of the two. for a 

              full listing of the songs please visit www.mtxmototrax.com






2/18/ another great tactical rpg from creators of the 

              award-winning disgaea in stores early may. 
interactive entertainment publisher, mastiff llc announced today 

              that they will be publishing another of nippon ichi software inc’s 

              great tactical rpgs, la pucelle: tactics, exclusively for the playstation®2 

              computer entertainment system in early may. la pucelle uses 

              a similar battle system to the 2003 award-winning game, disgaea, 

              also a nippon ichi software title.
la pucelle: tactics is a tale of betrayal and double cross, monsters 

              in human form and humans in monster form, set in an alternate medieval 

              europe. the unlikely hero is a smart mouthed and undisciplined sixteen 

              year old who just passed her exorcism exams and her comrades in 

              la pucelle, a demon hunting squad.
“la pucelle is a game that you won’t be able to stop 

              playing once you start" says sohei niikawa, managing director 

              of nippon ichi software. “if you are a fan of disgaea, you 

              don’t want to miss la pucelle.” mika hayashi, mastiff's 

              big woof, japan, and producer for la pucelle: tactics adds: "instant, 

              continuous level-ups, items you can combine and enemies willing 

              to come to your side, together with a heavily tactical battle system 

              and heartrending story make this a great game."

 





2/17/ attention aspiring map creators - activision wants 

              you!
effective immediately - call of duty's mapmaker competition begins. 

              if you thought your tour of duty was over after finishing activision, 

              inc.'s (nasdaq: atvi) award-winning call of duty(tm)...think again. 

              starting today through march 26, map-making gurus everywhere 

              can log on to www.callofduty.com 

              and enter to win the "call of duty mapmaker competition." 

              using the map-making toolset located on the official website, gamers 

              have the opportunity to create and submit multiplayer levels for 

              the chance to win an incredible grand prize package which includes 

              an all expense paid trip to los angeles to meet with infinity ward, 

              the developer of call of duty, an asylum geforce(tm) fx 5950 ultra-based 

              graphics card www.bfgtech.com/5950u_redux.html, 

              and the potential to have their map(s) included in future call of 

              duty games. 
the deadline for registration is march 20, and the final 

              deadline for map submission is march 26. all maps will be 

              judged by a panel consisting of call of duty team members. three 

              lucky grand prize winners will be announced on the official call 

              of duty website on april 9. additionally, all non-finalist 

              entrants will be able to have their maps judged online in a "vote 

              for the best of the rest" contest hosted by gamespy on www.fileplanet.com 

              and on www.planetcallofduty.com. the top three winners from the 

              online vote will each receive a prize package courtesy of gamespy's 

              file-planet. for full details, rules and regulations, please visit 

              the official call of duty website.




2/16/ nokia and vivendi universal games break new ground 

              on the n-gagetm mobile game deck with first ever wireless head-to-head 

              play via bluetooth for crash bandicoot. nokia and vivendi universal 

              games (vu games) today announced crash nitro kart(tm) for the n-gage 

              game deck. the new game will transport users to the crash bandicoot® 

              world where multiple players can go head to head with the freedom 

              of bluetooth wireless technology on the n-gage platform. crash nitro 

              kart on the n-gage game deck ushers in one of the most advanced 

              3d kart racing worlds ever developed for a portable gaming device, 

              delivering connected, over the air features through n-gage arena.
crash nitro kart delivers a fast paced kart racing game with new 

              3d technology available only on the n-gage game deck. mobile gamers 

              will also be able to select from new playable characters, new 3d 

              levels and choose battle-mode or race-mode and unlock new levels 

              and racers, with support for up to four simultaneous players via 

              bluetooth wireless technology. crash nitro kart is expected to be 

              available in the second quarter
  



2/10/ sega unleashes ninja babe 

            action on the playstation 2! read 

            more...


2/10/ can't find a valentine's 

            date?  

            click here!


2/9/ sega's virtua cop and alien 

            front head to the n-gage. read 

            more...


2/4/ cocoebiz 

            is taking pre-orders for the re-release of hitoshi sakimoto's 1998 

            score to radiant 

            silvergun. the disc is scheduled for release on march 24. 

            there will also be a chance for cocoebiz customers to win mr. sakimoto's 

            autograph. stay tuned for more details.


1/30/ activision 

            to ship true crime(tm): streets of l.a.(tm) for the pc. read 

            on... 




1/30/ new call of duty  multiplayer mode 

              now available.
 if you've been itching to play more of activision, inc.'s (nasdaq: 

              atvi) highly acclaimed, intense and cinematic call of 

              duty(tm) , then you're in luck because the development 

              team at infinity ward has just completed a new multiplayer mode 

              titled headquarters  (hq). in headquarters (hq) , 

              one team must hold a specific location as the opposing squad bravely 

              attempts to overtake it. in order to succeed, players on both sides 

              must coordinate and employ unique tactics as they defend and attack 

              the heavily fortified hq emplacement. the update is currently available 

              for download at www.callofduty.com/patch 

              . gamers will also be notified of the new update and prompted 

              with download instructions through call of duty 's 

              multiplayer update feature. the downloadable update also includes 

              other enhancements such as the ability to turn on/off multiplayer 

              features and improved team play-balancing. 
  




1/29/ sega expands mobile content business in north america 

              with game content to launch on verizon wireless read 

              on...
 



1/29/ tetsushi's world updated 

            with a trio of new photos! 


1/27/ yuji naka to supervise sonic 

            team's ps2 development of astro boy! read 

            on...



1/27/ sega gt online ships; the 

            premier xbox live arcade/simulation racer. read 

            on...


1/27/ sega partners with cartoon 

            network and warner bros. interactive entertainment to publish samurai 

            jack: the shadow of aku for playstation 2, xbox and nintendo gamecube. 

            read on...



1/22/ sammy studios is proud to present the newest trailer 

              from the upcoming playstation 2 game, "seven samurai 20xx;" the 

              greatest samurai tale of all time...digitally re-mastered. 


              featuring furiously fast melee-style combat, eye-dazzling graphics, 

              and 40+ unique characters, "seven samurai 20xx" spins the timeless 

              tale of brave warriors facing insurmountable odds to protect the 

              innocent. contributions from incredible talent like the legendary 

              visualist moebius ("alien," "the fifth element") and academy award 

              winning composer ryuichi sakamoto ("the last emperor"), as well 

              as direct involvement by kurosawa production, bring epic scale to 

              a game inspired by akira kurosawa's masterpiece. view 

              the movie.
 





1/22/ sammy studios, inc., a developer, publisher and 

              global distributor of interactive entertainment content, today launched 

              the dedicated web site for "darkwatch: curse of the west," its recently 

              announced vampire-western 1st person shooter (fps), at www.darkwatch.com. 

               "darkwatch: curse of the west" blends two popular fiction genres 

              to create a truly original premise for a cinematic game and, with 

              many unique gameplay elements, brings tremendous variety and innovations 

              to the fps genre. unique features include superhuman abilities in 

              the game's vampire-bitten gunslinger hero, jericho cross, and horse-mounted 

              gunplay on his high-powered demon steed. in addition, an ancient 

              monster-hunting society called the darkwatch provide jericho with 

              advanced weapon and vehicle technology, giving gamers myriad ways 

              in which to dispatch the undead. the newly launched web site is 

              the official online destination for the game, offering an inside 

              look by unveiling screenshots and the game's first video trailer; 

              a full cg introduction of jericho and his deadly skills. "darkwatch: 

              curse of the west" is slated for release on sony playstation(r)2 

              and microsoft xbox(tm) in q4 at an msrp of $49.99. the game 

              is not yet rated. 






1/22/ thq inc. (nasdaq: thqi) today announced that it 

              achieved the #2 independent videogame publisher ranking with 6.6% 

              market share for the 2003 calendar year, according to the npd group, 

              inc./ npd funworld / trsts video games service. 



              according to npd, the company's top-selling titles for the year 

              were disney/pixar's finding nemo, spongebob square pants(tm): battle 

              for bikini bottom, wwe(tm) smackdown!(tm) here comes the pain! and 

              the new original property, tak and the power juju(tm). during 2003, 

              thq was one of only two publishers to consistently rank among the 

              top four independent publishers each month. 





1/22/ syberia ii to feature music 

            by inon zur. read on...



1/22/ waxploitation releases limited edition xi aolin 

              showdown / tweaker 7"! read 

              on...




1/12/ thanks to omega bob for the following info regarding 

              the story about the apexextreme. the deltachrome chip was designed 

              by s3 graphics and not by via. read 

              on... 
 



1/12/ cocoebiz announces rockman 

            zero soundtrack - remastered track rockman zero available for special 

            order. 

            coceobiz is accepting special orders for rockman zero soundtrack 

              - remastered track rockman zero. these are tracks that have been 

              remastered on higher-quality musical instruments. this is not an 

              arranged album.
please note that these are special orders. cocoebiz 

              cannot guarantee any orders past the actual release date. all orders 

              must be received by january 22. click 

              here
 



1/12/ hit the road with the sims 

            bustin' out on the n-gagetm mobile game

            deck. 

            nokia, together with electronic arts (ea), today announced that 

              the simstm bustin' out is in development for the

              n-gage game deck. the sims fans will be able to create their own 

              characters and take them anywhere, while on the move and interacting 

              with the mobile community. the sims bustin' out on the n-gage platform 

              will have exclusive objects, as well as unique "mini games" 

              where players can earn extra simoleons. the sims bustin' out is 

              planned to be available on the n-gage game deck in the first half 

              of 20.





1/8/ waxploitation to release 

            limited edition xiaolin showdown / tweaker 7”. 

            on friday, january 16th at noon (pst), waxploitation 

              records will release a limited edition vinyl split 7”featuring 

              chris vrenna's theme song to warner bros. animation’s 

              new television series “xiaolin showdown" as well as an 

              instrumental version of "ruby" from the upcoming tweaker 

              album.
 it will be available exclusively on waxploitation's site (www.waxploitation.com).
 
 
  
 side a features the extended "xiaolin showdown" theme 

              song vrenna produced and composed for the half-hour, action-adventure 

              series which recently debuted on kids' wb! “xiaolin 

              showdown”is a mystical, high-adventure animation 

              series based on the ancient mythical xiaolin martial arts inspired 

              by chinese monks thousands of years ago.





1/7/ activision 

            ships medieval: total war(tm) battle 

            collection . 

            activision, inc. announced today the release of the medieval: 

              total war battle collection, an all-new compilation of the 

              creative assembly's critically acclaimed medieval: total war 

              and the expansion pack medieval: total war viking 

              invasion.  the title is currently available 

              at retail outlets nationwide for a suggested retail price of $29.95 

              and is rated "t" (teen 

              - with blood and violence descriptors) by the esrb.
  



1/6/ sonic heroes ships; debuts 

            on nintendo gamecube! read 

            more...



1/6/ apex plans to launch own console!
apex digital, which now outsells sony in dvd players, says they 

              will announce a new console at the consumer electronics show this 

              week in las vegas (starting january 8th). they have said that it 

              will be a console most like that of the xbox. via technologies will 

              supply the 1.4 ghz processor and chipset. it will basically be a 

              pc stripped down to a console form that is meant for the living 

              room. many entertainment companies want to be the one to have control 

              of the living room because it potentially has the largest potential 

              for sales. at ces the company will give details on how it plans 

              to compete with gcn, ps2, xbox and normal pc systems. 
the console is called the apextreme. you can probably hear people 

              making fun of the name right now. the medium will be dvd's and cd's. 

              apex will sell two versions of the console for $299 and $399. the 

              more expensive version contains deltachrome graphics designed by 

              via graphics, while the less pricey version has a via cn400 chipset. 

              for people that wish to write it off as a pc you have a lot of ammo, 

              it will run on the windows xp operating system, have a built-in 

              hard disk, play dvd's, and display pictures. six usb ports will 

              also be included. at this time a representative says it will be 

              able to play regular pc games and will use digital-rights software 

              to prevent it from being modified. no launch date has been announced. 

            
source: http://www.n-philes.com/php/epzfupzeyeayffkvkpk.php




1/6/ atari signs ridley scott associates to deliver driv3r 

              original live-action short film 
-- first-ever original production created to promote a video game 

              -- 

              -- episode 1 of three-part short to debut online on january 23 -- 

            
london, january 5, – further extending its already deep 

              ties within the entertainment community, atari, inc. today unveiled 

              another “convergence first” between hollywood and the 

              interactive entertainment company. atari announced that it has retained 

              ridley scott associates (rsa) – the commercial production 

              company owned and run by legendary filmmakers ridley and tony scott 

              – to produce an original three-minute live-action film inspired 

              by atari’s highly anticipated upcoming game, driv3r. the film 

              short, which is the first of its kind in the video game industry, 

              is titled “the gauntlet” and will be the core component 

              of both the driv3r web site, www.driv3r.com, 

              and an extensive marketing and advertising campaign for driv3r being 

              launched globally by atari, beginning in late january.



1/4/ vivendi universal games to 

            host $40,000 online tournament for the lord of the rings: war of the 

            ring. read 

            more...



1/4/ harry potter: quidditch world 

            cup videogame international champion announced . read 

            more... 


1/4/ gamebeavers.org launches 

            new site and free game demo of content 

            available. read 

            more...



12/23/03 free hobbit game soundtrack
"the hobbit" - original video game soundtrack has been released 

              for free download. this 23 track album, available in mp3 format, 

              includes all the major themes from the video game and printable 

              liner notes.
check 

              it out 
 



 tetsushi's 

            world updated! new 

            photo added.


 





 



       

      
 




things to do

shows for school assemblies |school show |
learn about magic's most dangerous stunt |
things for bus groups to do. |
book a room in any city in the world |
various informative links |
take a cruise | 		
guide to cruises |
one of the world's leading female magicians | 
poconos online magazine of things to do | 
where to go on a honeymoon | 
discounts for honeymoons, caesars, etc |
houdini information
world's only museum entirely devoted to houdini |
site dedicated to the houdini seance |
list of magic events | 		
new site for magic auctions |		
calendar of magic happenings | 		
dedicated to ny's magic towne house. | 		
travel the usa |		
auction site dedicated to magic | 		
mystery bus ride |	
mystery bus tour |		
mystery bus trip |	
visit with a leading mystery entertainer |		
spend a mystery night out | 			

petfoodrecipes |
boating in the poconos | 
pocono mountains directory | 
pocono mountain index | 
coupons for pocono mountains attractions | 
discounts in the poconos | 
poconos leading guide | 
getaway to the pocono mountains | 
getaways in the pocono mountain region | 
discount honeymoons in the pocono mountains | 
honeymoon int the poconos mountain region | 
comprhensive directory of pocono mountain ne pa hotels | 
restaurants in the mountains of the poconos | 
pocono honeymoon information | 
the first auction site in canada | 
http://everything important to do in scranton pa | 
find and reserve throughout the world |  
comprehensive listing of magic events throughout the world  |
haunted events throughout the world that run most of the year. |      

web sites of interest

school assembly programs |
school shows |
bulletcatch, magic's most dangerous |
busgroups |
citydirectories | 
crosslinkz | 
cruise fun guide | 		
cruise line guide |
dorothy dietrich, leading female magician |
guest magazine | 
honeymoon directory | 
honeymoon discounts | 
houdini museum archives
houdinishowspot | 
houdini seance |
magic calendar | 		
magicians auction |		
magicians calendar | 		
ny's magic towne house | 		
magicusa travel reservations |		
magic usa auctions | 		
mystery bus ride |	
mystery bus tour |		
mystery bus trip |		
mystery entertainer |		
mystery nights |			
original houdini seance in ny | 	
pet food recipes |
pocono boating |
pocono.net | 
pocono.org | 
pocono coupons | 
pocono discounts | 
pocono fun guide | 
pocono getaway | 
pocono getaways | 
pocono honeymoon | 
pocono honeymoons | 
pocono hotels | 
pocono restaurants | 
pocono rooms |
poconos honeymoon | 
polarauctions | 
psychic evening | 		
psychic night |	
psychic theater |		
psychic theatre | 
anime site |
scranton, pa | 
supernormalist |
where to find travel  |   
comprehensive listing of magic events throughout the world  |
haunted events throughout the world that run most of the year. | 




   









          search www

          

          search rocketbaby.net 







 
 
 
 

   




        [an error occurred while processing this directive]







 

 

 
 
 
 






