


egyptian goddess perfume























    
	egyptian goddess perfume
	
  
one of the most sensual and evocative fragrances you will ever experience.  a musk with soft powdery and floral notes, a beautiful journey...







monday, july 31, 2006



	 
	 i'm back!
	 
    


it's been a while since i've posted anything to this blog. we've been busy working on new products, trying to develop lotions, spray perfume, soap and candles with the egyptian goddess scent. we haven't had much luck with some, and it makes me think that maybe we should just leave well enough alone. the perfume is so wonderful, so amazing and i'm starting to think that the message is "just let it be."have any of you tried the soap or candle? those were the products we were successful in creating and i wonder if anyone has any comments about them. i burn the candles at home and i love them! the color is beautiful and the fragrance really comes through when you're burning.anyway, i'm back and will be posting a few times a week. i'd love to see your comments!



posted by danielle @ 1:58 pm  
    	
         3 comments






thursday, june 30, 2005



	 
	 egyptian goddess products
	 
    


many of our customers rave about our egyptian goddess perfume and have been asking (for years!!) when we are going to create some new products with this fragrance. well, we've been working on it!we are excited to say that we have been working on some new and exciting products that will be ready for launch later this year, before the holidays are here.what sort of products would you like to see us develop?



posted by danielle @ 3:10 pm  
    	
         1 comments






thursday, june 09, 2005



	 
	 what happens when you wear egyptian goddess?
	 
    


we get stories all the time about the attention women get when they wear this fragrance.  some say they can't keep their husband or boyfriend off of them!  others say they get more attention from men when they wear this fragrance.i spoke with someone once, a store-owner, who told me that a woman came into his store smelling so heavenly that he had to know what she was wearing.  it was egyptian goddess.  so he called us and now carries that fragrance in his store, for his male customers!  he tells them to buy it for the women in their lives.so, what happens when you wear egyptian goddess?



posted by danielle @ 8:24 am  
    	
         2 comments






friday, may 27, 2005



	 
	 what is egyptian goddess?
	 
    


auric blends has woven a tapestry of mystery and majesty with their famous egyptian goddess fragrance.  drawing upon the history of fragrances and the regality of egyptian queens, they have captured the essense of feminine power in this soft, seductive fragrance.share your experience of what this fragrance does for you.



posted by danielle @ 4:12 pm  
    	
         1 comments















about me

name:  danielle 

view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

i'm back!
egyptian goddess products
what happens when you wear egyptian goddess?
what is egyptian goddess?

archives

may 2005
june 2005
july 2006






 



 




