  home - planetchristmas    homecontact usour 3 rulesprivacysanta chuckmenu




planetchristmas 


search for






homevideosinspirational videosinspirational videos 2017inspirational videos 2016inspirational videos 2015planetchristmas featured on yahooplanetchristmas video from 2002planetchristmas historyvendor suggestionssanta chuck



search for



sidebar

north pole weather

8								℉


trivia:

where can people eat a “wigilia supper” at christmas?  poland.
when was the first christmas tree lit up in the rockefeller center?  1933
what famous christmas carol became the first song ever broadcast from space?  “jingle bells”
name santa’s reindeer:  dasher, dancer, prancer, vixen, comet, cupid, donner, blitzen and sometimes rudolph..
in the song “last christmas”, who does the singer give their heart to?  someone special.
which alcohol is usually added to the base of christmas trifles?  sherry.
what was the original title for “the little drummer boy”? “carol of the drum”
throughout the holiday season, under which type of plant are people supposed to kiss?  mistletoe.
who wrote the popular christmas song “frosty the snowman”?  walter rollins and steve nelson.
which alcoholic ingredient is used in a snowball cocktail?  advocaat.
which drinks manufacturer is said to have popularized santa’s red and white costume?  coca-cola.
what vegetable allows santa’s reindeer to fly?  carrots.
how do you say merry christmas in hawaiian?  mele kalikimaka.
what is mulled wine made from?  red wine, sugar, and spices.
what year was santa born?  270 ad.
what is the most recorded christmas song of all time?  “silent night.”
in a christmas story, what gift does ralphie receive from his aunt?  a pink bunny suit.
which reindeer is named after thunder?  donner (the german word for “thunder”).
what alcohol is used to “spike” eggnog?  rum.
what should we leave out for santa on christmas eve?  milk and cookies.
quick linksvideos  facebook  vendor suggestions  santa chuck
recent topics
we’ve made it too complicated!remember chaser strings from long ago?  wrap one of those around your christmas tree and suddenly it had personality.  the string had a controller at the end about the size…
planetchristmas is back in 2023!here’s a short video (just over a minute) that shows the highlights of planetchristmas 2023. the last major light display at the planetchristmas world headquarters in franklin, tennessee was way…
a better/cheaper rgb pixel matrix solution?i’ve been thinking about adding some sort of pixel matrix to my christmas display so i could do more messages, graphics and video.  a p10 rgb panel display or pixel…
thinking about rgb pixels?back in the old days you would plug in a string of christmas lights and they would just turn on.  easy. technology started getting involved about a decade ago. think…
make your own wireframe for the yardready to create your own wireframes to continue the theme you have evolving in your christmas display?  you can always go to a local welding shop but it gets expensive…
how to fix a blow mold?does your christmas blow mold need some tender-loving care?  john yanik created an excellent video to guide you through the process.  check it out! standby while we load this from…
how do they make christmas lights?so, how does the factory make a string of christmas lights?  it really helps to have a specialized machine and a lot of automation.  this youtube video is a bit…
holiday lights at cheekwood trains 2022what happens when you mix a giant model trains layout with christmas lights dancing to the music?  you end up with holiday lights down at the trains! display at cheekwood…
2022 top 10 christmas tunes listat planetchristmas we get to see a lot of christmas displays. we also talk to music producers, programmers and radio djs about what they think will be hot come christmas…
be a good santai had the pleasure of attending the “celebrate santa” convention back in march of this year. there were about 400 portly gentlemen attending to trade secrets on how to be…
the forums are back!it was 1997 when the internet was relatively new and the planetchristmas.com domain had just been granted. back then you filled out a paper form, mailed it in and waited…
tso keeps going and going and goingtrans-siberian orchestra reveals 2022 holiday tour dates and answers your burning questions by melissa ruggieri of usa today rare is the juggernaut as potent as trans-siberian orchestra. the musical locomotive…
really worth reading...
outdoor decoratingwe’ve made it too complicated!remember chaser strings from long ago?  wrap one of those around your christmas tree and suddenly it had personality.  the…
read more »
outdoor decoratingplanetchristmas is back in 2023!here’s a short video (just over a minute) that shows the highlights of planetchristmas 2023. the last major light display…
read more »
pixelsa better/cheaper rgb pixel matrix solution?i’ve been thinking about adding some sort of pixel matrix to my christmas display so i could do more messages,…
read more »
2023thinking about rgb pixels?back in the old days you would plug in a string of christmas lights and they would just turn on. …
read more »
2023make your own wireframe for the yardready to create your own wireframes to continue the theme you have evolving in your christmas display?  you can always…
read more »
2023how to fix a blow mold?does your christmas blow mold need some tender-loving care?  john yanik created an excellent video to guide you through the…
read more »
some of our favorite articles:
the rumor mill grinds onwhen santa isn’t looking we sneak off to the elf lounge and surf the internet so we can keep up with everything happening south of us. santa can’t come in…
pearlchristmas in the beason house was always a big occasion when i was growing up. my mom, pearl, loved the holidays. she would sing carols, decorate the house and buy…
squeezing more from your light controllersdo you wish your light controllers had more channels? me too. if you have recently joined the ranks of the “computerized holiday lighting crowd” you’ve probably figured out it takes…
95 foor christmas tree in shopping mallin last month’s planetchristmas magazine, i shared some tips on how to get started with a large scale christmas display at your home. it’s time to follow up with examples…
the rumor mill (again)labor day. it’s typically when the politicians kick into high gear. how can you tell when one isn’t telling the truth? their lips are moving. sorry, but it’s a really…
the forums are back!it was 1997 when the internet was relatively new and the planetchristmas.com domain had just been granted. back then you filled out a paper form, mailed it in and waited…
another open house successour first open house was on december 5, 2009. we normally open the doors at 6:30 in the evening. my youngest grandson and i were taking care of some finishing…
indoor decoratinglet’s pick up from last month. you’ve got your theme and have decided where and what to do with your tree. what’s next? gather your christmas goodies, be it santa,…
wireframe tips and tricksit seems that these days everyone is going to the led lights. they use so much less electricity and seem to last longer than the old-fashioned incandescent mini-lights. unfortunately, for…
indoor displayswell it’s time to really get serious about your displays, both inside and out. now, why in the world should we think about the inside, especially with all the time…
then there are the rumors...
the grinch hates flyingthe grinch made it to re-plus in louisville on august 1. it wasn’t the first time i’ve gone to one…
rumor mill ruminationswhat an interesting summer with the war of the christmas shows, each on the same weekend of july in conroe,…
rumor mill rumorsfriday night we cranked up the satellite dish and caught the opening episode for gold rush on the discovery channel.…
the rumor mill againgovernment overthrows, earthquakes, tsunamis, nuclear meltdowns. what in the world is going on with everyone down south? sounds like the…
the rumor millahhhhh. the sound of wedding bells were recently heard in the christmas decorating world. our very own melissa at christmas…
the rumor mill never stopsbeen hearing some weird rumors from participants in the 2014 version of abc’s great christmas light fight. decorating started sometime…
the grinch againmrs. grinch conned me into watching “invasion of the christmas lights” on some cable channel last weekend. what is wrong…
the grinch…when it comes to “do-it-yourself” wizardry, i don’t think you will find a more creative bunch of people than those…
the rumor milli dragged my wife to the last performance of the trans siberian orchestra 2009 concert tour. jiminy christmas! i’ve never…
more from the rumor millmicrosoft has determined the attention span of a human is eight seconds. mythbusters figured out a goldfish can stay focused…
people like to be respectedthe other day i went out to my car and found the glove box open and the owner’s manual lying…
rumor milli have a normal eared brother that lives way down south. he’s a christmas amateur, meaning he only thinks about…
where are the forums?the planetchristmas forums are on an extended sabbatical. if you want to engage with the decorating community, head on over to our facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/groups/planetchristmasif you really want to see the planetchristmas forums come back on-line, send an email to chuck (chuck at planetchristmas-com.preview-domain.com)no matter what, remember our three rules.  we are:positivefamily friendlychristmas-centriccontact planetchristmasemail us at support@planetchristmas.com


phone: 615-538-7239 (usa)our 3 ruleswe're positivefamily friendlychristmas-centricmost popular topics
indoor decorating with a flair

talking to the pixels

blowmold renewal
recent topics
we’ve made it too complicated!

planetchristmas is back in 2023!

a better/cheaper rgb pixel matrix solution?
search for:

search for:


last modified topics
a better/cheaper rgb pixel matrix solution?

holiday lights at cheekwood trains 2022

2022 top 10 christmas tunes list
© copyright 1997 - 2025, all rights reserved  |   planetchristmashomecontact usour 3 rulesprivacysanta chuckfacebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramrss

back to top button

close


search for:


facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramrsssearch

search for:


popular articles

the rumor mill (again)

2022 top 10 christmas tunes list

how do they make christmas lights?

the rumor mill

planetchristmas is back in 2023!weathernorth pole weatherscattered clouds
8							℉
 11º - 8º

 87%

 0.47 mph14℉tue

close




search for
       




