


home - tripoli rocketry association




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginmenuhomemembership membership join online gift membershipsabout tripoli leadership committees news archive history hpr magazine lifetime members in memoriam donatesafety unified safety code member insurance tripoli motor testingcertification high power certification - level 1 - level 2 - level 3 tripoli mentoring program class 3 flight reviewprefectures prefectures prefecture finder prefecture improvement irecrecords records committee records search search instructions million feet clubcommunity gates scholarship outreach committee donatemedia tratech conference hpr magazine archive photo submissions store






welcome to the tripoli rocketry association
tripoli is a non-profit organization dedicated to education, advancement and safe operation of amateur high-power rocketry. welcome to the tripoli rocketry association
our members are drawn from the united states and more than twenty other countries across the globe.welcome to the tripoli rocketry association
high power rocketry is an educational, safe and exciting hobby enjoyed by thousands world-wide!welcome to the tripoli rocketry association
the tripoli rocketry association carries general liability insurance covering launch events, meetings, classes, seminars and other tripoli sanctioned events. welcome to the tripoli rocketry association
tripoli members come from all walks of life and all ages. welcome to the tripoli rocketry association
regardless of where you come from and what you do, there's room in tripoli for you and your entire family!welcome to the tripoli rocketry association
tripoli is the premier high-power rocketry organization! if high-power flying is your primary interest, tripoli is the organization you want!keyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right••••••• recent articlesrecent tripoli news and announcements
motor testing/certification
the tripoli motor testing committee (tmt) tests and certifies model and high-power rocket motors to ensure compliance with nfpa 1125.
erik gates scholarship
the erik gates memorial scholarship annually awards an educational scholarship to assist in the continued education of the award recipient.
high-power certification
tripoli maintains a skill-based certification program for high-power rocketry certifications and the tripoli mentoring program for junior members.
membership
tripoli is a non-profit organization dedicated to education, advancement, and safe operation of amateur high-power rocketry.  our members are drawn from the united states and 22 countries across the globe.insurance
the tripoli rocketry association carries liability insurance covering launch events, classes, and other tripoli sanctioned events. adherance to tripoli's safety code, and its bylaws is required for coverage.prefectures 
the tripoli rocketry association is made up of "prefectures." these are local groups geographically, that organize meetings, events and launches for the benefit of their members and those from other prefectures.
committee and event news

these updates and annoucements come from the various committees and groups that make up the tripoli rocketry association.



recent articles













upcoming events



upcoming events



prefects, you can add your prefecture's launches and other special dates in to this list.









tripoli  rocketry association, inc.
p.o. box 87, bellevue, ne, 68005
hq@tripoli.org
(402) 884-9530 - phone  /  (402) 884-9531 - faxnew tripoli store support
for any issues regarding the new tripoli store, please contact us at webstore@tripoli.org
contact usshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









