





ratings and reviews of moving companies - your source for finding a quality mover! - mover reviews.com



















view 63,096 reviews on 2,103 moving companies
recently move? add the 63,097 review now







home


menu





find company

search for company



ratings & reports

top companies




reviews

add review
newest mover reviews




about us

about mover reviews
contact us



company login







go
























                ratings & reportsfeatured
            

top rated moving companies

past 2 years
past 1 year
past 30 days
 remove paid reviews
past 2 years
past 1 year
past 30 days
more






recent customer reviews
below are our most recent moving company reviews.







thanks a lot guys 
 
				review by gerardo holt on 9/7/2021 2:33:06 am
			about affordable moving systems


consider hiring affordable moving systems if you want to have a smooth household move. i was moving a long distance and the entire process seemed rather complicated at first. our communication was ama [more]

 view  



 

view 

 






it was a stress free move! 
 
				review by rudy potter on 9/7/2021 1:31:53 am
			about alliance van lines


i'm glad to say i’m happy to have moved with alliance van lines. i had no idea about how to move and did not know who to call and a friend recommended this company. everything went nice and smooth, no [more]

 view  



 

view 

 






they moved us without a hitch 
 
				review by aaron walsh on 9/7/2021 1:01:45 am
			about alliance van lines


these guys are amazing! they did a very good job. the movers worked very hard and quickly, and they delivered my goods without any damage. thank you for such a great service! you are the best moving c [more]

 view  



 

view 

 






i highly recommend them 
 
				review by dana moore on 9/7/2021 12:54:51 am
			about nyc great movers


amazing experience! they worked hard and quickly
the communication and prices were perfect for me.
i highly recommend them.
thank you! guys.the entire team i worked with has great and their custome [more]

 view  



 

view 

 























home •
                     
                    mover reviews directory •
                    
                    contact us •
                    featured on moving company.com •
                    mover reviews by date









                    the reviews posted on this site are posted by persons that claim to be customers of the moving company that they are reviewing. their opinions are theirs and theirs alone and do not represent the views and opinions of moving sites, llc., moverreviews.com. visitors should not solely base their choice on these reviews. companies and visitors are responsible for policing the reviews and alerting us to potential false reviews or reviews not posted by a real customer. to report misuse of this site please contact us.
                




                        moverreviews.com is a community site proudly provided to you by: moving sites, llc.





                    for more legal information please visit our legal information page.
                




© 2003-2025 moverreviews.com. all rights reserved.








