






james ratliff gallery – premiere art gallery located in sedona






































		skip to content	



 



james ratliff gallery
premiere art gallery located in sedona








    menu	
home
artists  

artists [a-d]  

jody ahrens
judy choate
cedric michael cox
william crook
louis de mayo
christine despain schroeder’s


artists [e-h]  

tony griffith
stanley grosse
suzanne hill
robert holmes


artists [i-p]  

alvin john
diann kincaid


artists [q-z]  

lelija roy
marlene rye




art categories  

abstract  

cedric michael cox
stanley grosse
tony griffith


figurative  

william crook
louis de mayo
diann kincaid


jewelry
landscape  

jody ahrens
judy choate
william crook
lelija roy
marlene rye


native american  

alvin john


pottery  

suzanne hill


sculpture  

diann kincaid
robert holmes
alvin john


whimsical  

whimsical masks
whimsical sculpture


all art works


about
contact
news and events
ratliff’s blog

  
			scroll down to content		












home


an extensive selection of original fine art:

watercolor, oil, and acrylic paintings
bronze and stone sculpture
ceramics
mixed media
one-of-a-kind jewelry


here you can find artists who have attained reputations nationally and internationally, and who are represented in both corporate and private collections, as well as in museums throughout the world.


styles range from bold contemporary design, to eclectic and whimsical delights.
with 50 years serving the art community, 31 of them in sedona, az, james ratliff has assembled an impressive roster of artists.
if you wish to collect art that is both innovative and serious, take some time now to browse our on-line gallery, or come and personally visit our gallery, located in picturesque hillside sedona, hwy 179, in beautiful sedona, arizona. ample adjacent parking makes accessibility easy and convenient.

client testimonials
“no matter your personal taste, you will certainly find an art treasure that you can’t live without when visiting the james ratliff gallery.”
“the james ratliff gallery is a jewel in the southwest. it is difficult to visit the gallery and leave empty handed.”
“i have purchased several sculptures and paintings from jim ratliff. they are distinctive and always lead to a conversation with visitors about their origin.”
“the james ratliff gallery has been a destination for anyone visiting sedona. the artwork and displays in the gallery compliment the scenery and atmosphere that surround you in the red rocks.”
owner james ratliff is also available for custom interior design art placement services.
call or email for an appointment. 











  
links of interest
walk sedona gallery map
register for artist’s updates
gallery staff
james ratliff, gallery owner
gallery hours
tuesday-saturday 11am-5pm
like us on facebook   
sedona gallery association   

 


call james ratliff for his new location and hours of operation cell: (928) 821-0062 email: jamesratliff1938@icloud.com  © 2001 - 2022 james ratliff gallery all rights reserved
 




terms of service and privacy policy 
		proudly powered by wordpress	













































































































































































