










home | kitchen source










































menu

home
about us
our process
portfolio

kitchen
bathroom
other


products
blog
contact
call
mail
navigation





turn key designthe kitchen source is a full turn key design and remodel firm. whether remodeling your space or building your custom home, our award winning team of kitchen and bathroom designers will bring your vision to life.quality productsour knowledgeable team will work with you  throughout the entire process to hand select products that we know and trust including wood-mode custom cabinets, sub-zero and wolf appliances, kohler fixtures, and much more.exceptional servicewe are dedicated to providing an exceptional client experience. our meticulous discovery process ensures that we deliver a comprehensive finished product that anticipates and responds to the needs of those using the space.our processsince 1991creating award-winning kitchen & bath designsfor 30 years, the kitchen source has provided client-focused design and transformation service to dallas, fort worth, austin and surrounding areas. we partner with homeowners, designers, and builders to fully understand their ideas, needs and goals for kitchen, bath and living space remodels. together, we explore options, review details and formulate a completely customized client-inspired design plan.looking for kitchen inspirationview our portfoliolooking for bathroom inspirationview our portfolioi highly recommend the kitchen source. our kitchen remodel is beautiful! it is a fantastic update to our home, and i feel 10 years younger in my new kitchen! what a deal!
i worked with lane taylor at the kitchen source. lane and my designer, suzy kaye, were a fabulous team.  lane is a talented designer, smart and fun. the customer service she provided during every phase of our kitchen remodel was exceptional. her attention to every detail ensured the kitchen remodel went smoothly, was finished on time, and that the finished product met all of my expectations.mari sullivanfrom the initial contact with my designer, elizabeth, to the final checklist, i couldn't have been happier. the kitchen source team is wonderful to work with, the project came in on time and on budget, and the result is gorgeous.deborah lonerganmy experience with kitchen source was outstanding.  i live in the country outside of fort worth, tx.  have a unique house in my mind.  and had very limited space in my very dated kitchen, needing total replacement.  with resources limited in my community, decided to take this project to kitchen source in fort worth.the designers were very knowledgeable and easy to work with, left out no details, and came up with a stunning plan.  the installers responsible for implementing the plan did so with minimal interruption to my home and life and did a fabulous job.  the site supervisor visited on a regular basis and ensured every last detail was perfect.ginger paddackawardsaffiliationscontact usdallas1544 slocum st,dallas, texas 75207call: 214.741.1912fort worth3116 w 6th st, fort worth, texas 76107call: 817.731.4299southlake2356 e state highway 114, southlake, texas 76092call: 817.857.4001austin8410 anderson miill rdaustin, tx 78729call:512.382.1111c 2020 the kitchen sourcea click & co. websiteprivacy policytop 







arrow-downfacebook-squarebarspinterest-squareenvelopeinstagramhouzzcross























