




 


society for calligraphy - home












home

contacts

calendar

workshops

public programs

exhibits

regionals

classes

gallery

youtube

member sites

freelancers

links

conferences

join sfc

















 


society for calligraphy
the society for calligraphy, southern california, is a non-profit educational organization which promotes the study, teaching and practice of calligraphy and related disciplines. it also encourages the exchange of ideas through speakers, program meetings, workshops, bulletin, an annual retreat and regional chapters.
if you wish to join the society, click here.
        

click below to check out activities and art work from some of our       regional chapters...
     
                        
 

  



society for calligraphy mission statement:the purpose of the society shall be to promote the study and critical practice of calligraphy as a craft and as an art form, to encourage individual excellence, and to foster a wider appreciation and a deeper understanding of calligraphy, its history and applications, by the free interchange of ideas and techniques. 




check out our youtube
channel for clips of founders
and those who have paved an incredible path in the 
society for calligraphy




need some calligraphy?
check out our list of freelance calligraphers in southern california.




         

        questions about copyrights?
go straight to the source or check our list of copyright-related links.




         

        memorialsremembering friends and colleagues who are no longer with us.








read the latest sfc bulletin  like us on  follow us on   





upcoming events



america/los_angeles
romans studies with barbara close (session 7 of 8)

february 19, 2025 6:30 pm


zoom online



america/los_angeles
copperplate - a systematic approach with jodi denning (session 2 of 3)

february 22, 2025 9:00 am


online - zoom



america/los_angeles
romans studies with barbara close (session 8 of 8)

february 26, 2025 6:30 pm


zoom online



america/los_angeles
glittering glass with shreya verma

february 28, 2025 6:00 pm


online - zoom






log in


  


 
home          •         contacts         •        calendar         •        workshops         •        exhibits         •        regionals         •        classes         •        gallery         •        members         •        links         •        conferences         •        freelancers         •        join sfc
 










powered by wild apricot membership software







