







wotr – word of truth radio – peaceful and relaxing christian radio























































 


wotr – word of truth radio

peaceful and relaxing christian radio




 word of truth radiorelaxing christian music




 




menu
home
listen

wotr instrumental hymns radio
wotr acoustic praise radio
wotr christmas stations


explore

wotr news
artist directory
bible games & activities


our story
prayers
contact
donate
 





 
 
wotr instrumental hymns radio
word of truth radio provides relaxing christian music and inspiring instrumental hymns. the goal of this station is to glorify the lord through soothing and uplifting sounds, such as the piano, harp, violin, and classical guitar, as well as other instruments. the mixture results in a peaceful blend of sacred christian instrumental music that will turn your mind away from the stress of life and towards the love and compassion of christ. 


 
wotr acoustic praise radio
the word of truth radio acoustic praise cafe is an easy listening mix of acoustic harmonies, folk, light contemporary, praise & worship, all blending together to uplift the name of jesus. featuring artists such as andrew peterson, shawn mcdonald, and clint mckoy, this station centers around the passionate sound of the acoustic guitar combined with a lyrical depth, which results in music that is relaxing as well as meaningful. 


 
wotr christmas stations
word of truth radio provides two different christmas radio stations to match our two main stations: instrumental christmas and acoustic christmas. whether you prefer the soothing tranquility of the sacred instrumentals, or the folky sound of the acoustic praise and worship ballads, there's something for everyone with these two christmas stations. or maybe you like the variety of both as you celebrate the gift of our savior!



recent news

new web player & improved windows listeninggreetings wotr listeners! we recently added a new version of our web player to each of our stations. this player should provide a much more stable and smoother listening experience all around, faster  ...  read more
scheduled maintenance  8/29hello wotr listeners: we are performing scheduled maintenance today. the stations will be back shortly. thank you! jeffrey ...  read more
celebrating 20 years of wotr!it all started two decades ago in a humble college apartment, with some cheap audio equipment and a whole lot of inspiration. words cannot describe how grateful we are to still be broadcasting this  ...  read more


  
 


prayers & praises



dawn / 
february 13, 2025
my house is at crisis please pray i don't lose my house and i've been threatened to be homeless please pray for my pet mouses...
									





james a. white / 
february 10, 2025
please pray the lord brings the right woman into my life to marry. i have had a lot of unusual things happen between me and...
									





john / 
february 7, 2025
please pray d_johnson find housing and income soon. his current situation triggers his ptsd constantly. please pray god protect him in current circumstances as he...
									





add a prayer or praise


  
 

 

questions or comments?
if you need help listening, or have any other questions or feedback, please let us know!

contact us









copyright © 2025 wotr – word of truth radio.     
listen
news
our story
prayers
contact
donate
 

























