








east arm rowing club















































 
 













skip to content



toggle navigationhomeabout usclub historyprogramslearn to rowmasters rowingracingcorporate programsmembershiplog inbecome a memberresourcesregatta centralrowing lingorowing safety videous rowingcontact us
 





east arm rowing clubadmin2024-12-27t21:03:50-05:00 
experience the spirit of rowing on beautiful greenwood lakeeast arm rowing programsthe east arm rowing club is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the sport of rowing in the hudson valley region. we offer popular learn-to-row programs for newcomers, a robust masters’ rowing program and we are proud of our award-winning racing teams. we row on greenwood lake, orange county new york’s largest freshwater lake.
learn to row programthe basics of rowinglearn more
masters rowingfor all skills and ageslearn more
racing programsfor masters rowerslearn more
corporate programsunique team buildinglearn more
high school rowingwarwick valley high schoollearn more
become a memberjoin noweast arm rowing programswhy row with us
5 :45am sharp hands-on, 10 minutes to chapel island and then open glass and the hard strokes begin: 9 very hard minute intervals, … gurgle … in a miasma we pass the grey boathouse, the white, castle. stateline …. and its one, and we lope for home with fox island on the stern, very tired and relaxed, perfect puddles behind. midlake something strange happens …… all goes quiet. the boat is one. the water has turned to liquid gold and ….. can it be? … yes the boat is singing ….. sh 2018

join a genuinely
passionate teamexperience the camaraderie and support of a close-knit group that shares your enthusiasm for growth and achievement on the water.
train your body to perform at its bestbuild strength, endurance, and flexibility through rowing, one of the most effective full-body workouts available.
master new skillsgain confidence as you learn the fundamentals of rowing and discover just how much you’re capable of achieving.
enjoy a healthy heart
and lungsenhance your cardiovascular fitness and overall well-being with every stroke on the water.




 
 
east arm rowing club
69 sterling road,
p.o. box 301,
greenwood lake, ny 10925
tel: 845-477-3076
pages

home
about us
become a member
resources

regatta central
rowing lingo
rowing safety video
us rowing


contact us

the east arm rowing club is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the sport of rowing in the hudson valley region. we offer popular learn-to-row programs for newcomers, a robust masters’ rowing program and we are proud of our award-winning racing teams. we row on greenwood lake, orange county new york’s largest freshwater lake. 
© 2000 - 2025 |   east arm rowing club    |   all rights reserved   |   web integratiom by peter lyons hall


 
 
page load link






manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 








go to top




