







lemon law san diego california: (858) 270-7000 - your experts at the lemon law center
























									tuesday, 18 february 2025								


about san diego lemon law centerlocation mapadministrative logincontact
 





(858) 270-7000
san diego, california

 





homelemon lawcommon vehicle defectswhat is the lemon law?what is covered?what qualifies as a "lemon"?what you recoverthe #1 myththe manufacturer's obligationthe consumer's obligationkeep your repair ordersarbitrationwho pays the fee?lemon law intake formused car fraudare there warranties on used cars?what does "as is" mean?most common problemsodometer fraudwhat to do if you have a problem?undisclosed lemon buybackshow to protect yourselfinformation requestlease or contract problemswhat if the dealer wants me to sign a second contract?lease problemsinformation requestrepossessionswhat is a repossession?what happens after the car is taken?when financing fails on a purchasewhat is a deficiency judgement?california repossession lawfinance company repossessionsautomobile repossession 1099, carepossession intake form 












 






















home 


experiencing trouble with your vehicle? see partial list of common vehicle defects















					the san diego lemon law center		
	

(858) 270-7000
the law office of michael e. lindsey
documents are important in these cases, so keep a file. the most important ones are;
1. the purchase or lease contract.2. copies of the repair orders.
also, if you have them,
3. copies of any correspondence or emails.4. pictures or video of the problem. (for example, if there is a light on the instrument cluster, take a picture and save it.)
don't talk about lemon law at the dealership or with the manufacturer. that will make it more difficult to get repairs or paperwork. what you need to do is take it to them and ask them to fix it. be helpful, and if you can demonstrate the problem for them, do that. also, if a light comes on on your dash, take a picture and show it to them at the dealership to help them locate the problem.
i have specialized in lemon law for more than 20 years. i have helped make good law for consumers with 10 published cases. i attended usc in los angeles, usd school of law. my practice is exclusively consumer law. i am a member of the national consumer law center, and the national association of consumer attorneys, nationwide organizations representing consumers on important areas of the law that affect all consumers. i have been a contributor to naca publications on consumer law issues, with 10 published opinions from california courts of appeal, and from the united states court of appeal, ninth circuit.



			continue reading		





					what is the lemon law?		
	

the real name of the lemon law is the consumer warranty act. it governs the warranty. the lemon law requires the manufacturer to repair your vehicle within a "reasonable number of attempts" or refund your money if they don't. that means you have to give them an opportunity to repair it.
when you take the car in for repair all you really need to say is;
"here's the car. this is the problem. please fix it."
always be courteous. don't talk lawyers or lemon law with the dealer. it does not help, and will make it harder to get repairs or paperwork.
paperwork is very important in these cases, so make sure that you keep all of your 1) purchase documents, and 2) all of your repair orders.
don't keep them in the car, because they may disappear.
the lemon law applies to vehicles registered with the dmv for use on the road, including cars, trucks, motorcycles, and motorhomes. it includes personal vehicles, and covers vehicles registered to small businesses, up to a total of 6 vehicles.
some components have longer coverage, like the engine and drivetrain, and some have less coverage, like tires and brakes. check your warranty book. problems that arise within the warranty period may fall within the lemon law even if the car is now out of warranty. 




					lease problems		
	

generally, i do not recommend that the average person lease a car.
	


			continue reading		





					what does "as is" mean?		
	

never buy from a corner used car lot. simply put, "as is" means you shouldn't buy the car. it means there is no warranty, and if there is no warranty the lemon law does not apply. the real name of the lemon law is the consumer warranty act. as is means the dealer doesn't trust the car, and you shouldn't trust it either.  if you have enough money to buy from a corner car lot, you probably have enough money to qualify to buy a new car.



			continue reading		





					california repossession law		
	

as a general rule, you have far more rights with a sale than with a lease.



			continue reading		













san diego lemon law center | the law office of michael e. lindseytel: (858) 270-7000  fax: (858) 270-7710 | 4455 morena blvd., ste. 207 san diego, ca, 92117 (see map)
 











help menu




lemon law intake formrepossession intake formcommon vehicle problems call sacramento!contact congresslegal researchoutside californiasitemapcontact us 




lemon law blog





the lindsey reportarbitrators / mediators 




who's online




we have 5 guests and no members online




 





general information only







the information in the san diego lemon law center pages is for general information only and is not intended to be taken as legal advice. if you have a specific legal question or problem, please feel free to contact us or you should promptly consult with an attorney handling such matters in your area for advice.







 











copyright © 2000-2025 lemon law center | web design and hosting by webwizard works





