





maitri – compassionate care


























 


skip to content









facebooktwitterinstagram 












 who we areabout usstaff & boardfinancialsjoin our teamwhat we domaitri affirmation centerhow to helpdonatevolunteercircle of love shirtsnews & eventsthe maitri muralworks of heartheels for hopecontactdonatewho we areabout usstaff & boardfinancialsjoin our teamwhat we domaitri affirmation centerhow to helpdonatevolunteercircle of love shirtsnews & eventsthe maitri muralworks of heartheels for hopecontactdonatewho we areabout usstaff & boardfinancialsjoin our teamwhat we domaitri affirmation centerhow to helpdonatevolunteercircle of love shirtsnews & eventsthe maitri muralworks of heartheels for hopecontactdonate 












loading...

















no one should have to suffer, transition, or die alone 



















































































homeadmin2020-09-11t23:03:45+00:00 
maitri (pronounced “my-tree”) is sanskrit for “compassionate friendship.” we provide compassionate residential care for people in need of hospice, respite, or 24-hour medical care.
get help
we provide residential care for people who have disabling hiv/aids or who are recovering from gender affirmation surgery.
volunteer
volunteers embody the spirit of generosity and compassionate friendship and are integral to everyday life at maitri.
donate
your gift will directly support people living with hiv/aids. there are many ways to donate.
get helpvolunteerdonatelatest news








chandra is building community through art


						gallery					







chandra is building community through art chandra knew maitri was where she needed to be as soon as she got a referral. as a [...]










lisa is ready for her encore


						gallery					







lisa is ready for her encore looking at her today, you would never guess that six months ago, lisa couldn’t move on her own. [...]










improving and innovating care


						gallery					







improving and innovating care as hiv/aids medications have improved, maitri’s mission and care have evolved to meet the needs of our residents. [...]





 
 






		© 20214 maitri | we are a 501(c)(3). | ein: 94-3189198	


facebooktwitterinstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 
































































































go to top




