

cbt cafe :: computer based training software video tutorials


























 









 

 menu: 
home

tutorials: 
flash
dreamweaver
fireworks
photoshop
elements
powerpoint
ebay
quicktime

cd-roms: 
flash
                                                5 cd
fireworks
                                                mx

support: 
quicktime
contact





 
 

welcome to cbt cafe

                    cbt cafe stands
                    for computer
                    based training cafe. we offer free web based software video training, software video tutorials and e-learning for multimedia and graphic design in html,
                    quicktime video,
                  and flash video tutorial formats.
cbt cafe's software tutorials  include  the most popular
                    web
                    design
                    and
                    graphics titles, including: flash, fireworks, dreamweaver, photoshop, quicktime, ebay and, powerpoint.
our
                      web based software training is entirely free! all
                    you need is  the free
                    flash or quicktime  player installed. to ensure you're able to view the multimedia tutorials, you can
                    download quicktime from apple                    and
                  the latest flash player from adobe.
if you design or develop e-learning, multimedia storytelling or interactive graphics, you might enjoy e-learning examples. 








5-point makeover: powerpoint & e-learning slide makeovers


photoshop cs6: using adjustment layers to select colors                  


 


 





e-learning design elements: page curl stickers and labels in powerpoint
vector illustrations are a breeze in powerpoint. here's a fun design element you can use in web and e-learning projects. 











how to create flash rollover buttons and hyperlinks in articulate e-learning courses
here's an easy way to blend flash with your rapid e-learning program to create interactive rollover buttons.
 

 








designing e-learning templates: how to design templates by breaking down your course design and scene elements.

learn to identify and break down simple slide elements for creating context in your e-learning templates.



 








creative advertising effect for visual foreshadowing in rapid e-learning courses - powerpoint 2007

learn to create a simple effect where you place a screenshot image inside a pair of sunglasses. great effect for hinting at upcoming lessons or scenes in your elearning courses.

 
 









powerpoint 2007: learn to create photocubes

how to create a photo cube effect in powerpoint for branching scenarios in your rapid elearning courses.
  









photoshop cs3: threshold and blend mode design
photoshop's threshold command converts  colors to either black or white. blending modes offer endless opportunities for creating special effects in photoshop. 
in this  video tutorial we'll take a look at combining the threshold command to create a high-contrast, black-and-white image with blending modes to highlight specific colors in our image.
quicktime video| flash video | view tutorial









fireworks masking effects with bitmap masking
popular vignette or fading image effect for blending your images into the background. using fireworks add mask button you'll convert a feathered selection into a faded mask effect.
view tutorial









photoshop cs3: create a silhouette fashion design effect
this photoshop tutorial highlights some creative uses for photoshop's selection tools  to create a trendy illustration effect. 
quicktime video | flash video | html tutorial









photoshop cs3: custom shape designs
photoshop custom shapes combined with layer styles are a great way to enhance your photos and graphic designs. in this tutorial we'll take a look at using photoshop's custom shapes to create layer effects. 
quicktime video | html tutorial


 





photoshop: using quick mask for selections
learn t use photoshop's quick mask to modify eye color using adjustment layers and hue/saturation. 









flash tutorial: creating animated
                  fly-out menus
flash  tutorial for creating  animated fly out menus!
                  this is an updated version of our original animated menu.
quicktime | html 

 





flash tutorial: 3d text rotation effect
flash tutorial                    for creating a great 3d text effect you can use for logos and
                    web graphics.
view
                      tutorial









fireworks using paste inside to create special effects
                  fireworks tutorial for using fireworks paste
                    inside to create special effects. in this tutorial you'll learn to place a new image into selected
                parts of an existing image using masking.











fireworks placing one image into another image
        learn how to combine your bitmap selection tools with the rubber stamp
        tool to copy an area from one image and "paint" it into a defined
        area of a new image. a great introduction to using the cloning tool  for
        special effects.













fireworks custom color swatches tutorial
        we added a fireworks tutorial for creating custom
        color swatches from existing images. this is an easy way to get color
        schemes for your custom projects based on existing colors from images. 












 flash  scrollpane component & load
                    movie video tutorial
                    flash video tutorial
                    to complementing the html lesson for the flash mx scrollpane
                    tutorial. you
                    can view the html
                    tutorial or flash
                  video tutorial.














fireworks perspective
                    shadow effect video tutorial 
                    flash
                  video tutorial demonstrating how to create the fireworks  perspective shadow                  effect. 
fireworks
                      perspective shadow
 








  



  






 





























 


 home | dreamweaver | fireworks | flash        | photoshop | elements | powerpoint| ebay | quicktime
        pro | flash
        5 cd | fireworks mx cd | quicktime
        support | contact
copyright © 1999-2015 cbt cafe, all rights
          reserved 

        flash®, fireworks™, and dreamweaver® are registered trademarks
        of macromedia, inc. in the united states and/or other countries
        photoshop®, photoshop elements® and illustrator® are registered
        trademarks of adobe systems, inc.
        quicktime® is a registered trademark of apple computer, inc.
      ebay® is a registered trademark
cbt cafe | multimedia learning | interactive graphics
 











