





































czechoslovak genealogical society international






















skip to main navigation
skip to main content




cgsi


log in




search





 




view cart

 








resourcesintro to researchusing archivesgetting startedwhich records to searchhow to find recordsresearch resources - usa & canadagenealogy clubsdna studiesresearch databasesdenní hlasatel archivecgsi research collectiondigital libraryprofessional resourcesresearcherstranslatorstravelquarterly journalnaše rodina indexmessage boardwebinarshelpful linksfaqresearch resources by topicwhy joinget involvedpurchase a membershipvolunteersupport & donateapply for family certificatesubmit articles for naše rodinanapište nám!cgsi projectsczech and slovak cemeteriesour villagesdenní hlasatelshopnews & eventscgsi newsevents & festivalslanguage & online classesblogupcoming issues of naše rodina2025 cgsi conferencehotelpre-conference tourssessions




czechoslovak genealogical society international










 


title

vítáme vás! (we welcome you!) 





research and connect with families from the czech and slovak ancestral lands.
cgsi focuses on the areas of present-day czech republic and slovakia. this includes czech (bohemian), german-bohemian (böhmisch), hungarian, jewish, moravian, rusyn (ruthenian), silesian, and slovak ancestry.
cgsi has over 2,000 members residing in the united states, canada, czech republic, slovakia, and other countries, providing a vast networking opportunity to learn and share information, and connect with fellow members.


























        czechoslovak genealogical society international (cgsi) wants to help you research and connect with your family history.      

we are dedicated to genealogical research and interest in descendants of ethnic groups with roots from the czech and slovak ancestral lands of central europe.



why join? 
purchase a membership  






















 




 


sections



what members say













        i credit cgsi for being able to access and decipher the records of my ancestors, as i found such helpful articles in your archives after joining - i will be forever grateful to your organization for that!      

        jody d., kennebunk, maine, usa      


 




news & events








now available on cgsi.org: the denní hlasatel archiveto learn more about this unique resource, visit the denní hlasatel archive home page.


online czech genealogy courseare you interested in expanding your czech genealogy skills? beginning in january 2025, cgsi is partnering with sokol minnesota to offer the online course "genealogie; hledáme své předky (genealogy: looking for our ancestors)" from the…


cgsi 2024 annual membership meeting (online event)saturday, november 23, 2024 at 1:00 – 2:00pm (cdt)














apr
30


ogs 2025 annual conference – ohio genealogical society [conference]
  ohio genealogical society (ogs) 2025 annual conference takes place in sandusky, ohio.  check out the lineup of featured speakers, presenters, and activities.




oct
28


2025 cgsi conference
  join us at the 2025 cgsi 20th genealogical/cultural conference! the conference will be held october 28–november 1, 2025, at the…







 







 


banner
































czechoslovak genealogical society international (cgsi)p.o. box 16225st. paul, minnesota  55116-0225usa(651) 964-2322 mgs partner



quicklinks


about


privacy


cgsi enews


contact



















©2025czechoslovak genealogical society international (cgsi). all rights reserved. 



 











