














wisconsin national primate research center – over 60 years of life-saving research and humane animal care – uw–madison



























 











skip to main content




university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









wisconsin national primate research center

over 60 years of life-saving research and humane animal care




search






menu
open menu


close





news
our science
research services and resources
education
outreach
about us
contact us
jobs
primate info net and callicam
 





igor slukvin in the hematopoietic stem cell lab

                  learn more about precision genomics and stem cell therapies                



common marmosets in the lobby vivarium. 

                  watch them now on the callicam                



marmoset blastocysts from james thomson's groundbreaking stem cell research in the 1990s



researchers in david o'connor's lab analyzing macaque genome data



students visit the marmoset lobby

                  learn more                



dave evans and mikey grunst check natural killer cell growth in the aids vaccine research lab



ned kalin explains his research on anxiety and depression

                  watch now                






 




the wisconsin national primate research center’s mission is to increase our understanding of basic primate biology and to improve human and animal health and quality of life through research. to accomplish this, wnprc scientists and staff:

help discover treatments, preventions and cures for human disease.
generate new knowledge of primate biology, from the molecular and whole animal levels to the understanding of primate ecosystems.
facilitate research progress by providing expertise, resources and training to scientists worldwide.
disseminate information about the center to the research community and the public.


 
 
 
 




why primates

the national primate research centers: causes, preventions, treatments, cures
why animals are used in research, ensuring the care of research animals, what are alternatives to animals used in research and other topics. (nih 2024). 
how do the national primate research centers benefit science and society? (2022)
the livesaving benefits of primate research (2017)

 



discoveries

wnprc scientific journal articles
wnprc discoveries
wnprc discoveries by scientific working group
national primate research centers top 10 research accomplishments
contributions of nonhuman primate research to human health

 



events

wnprc robert w. goy lecture series
dr. liisa galea will give the 10th robert w. goy lecture wednesday, april 2, 2025 at 4:00 p.m at the uw-madison discovery building, orchard view room.
dr. galea is a world-renowned expert in sex hormone influences on brain and behaviour in both health and disease states, with a focus on dementia and stress-related psychiatric disorders and dementia.

 
 
 
 




featured research news:

uw-madison study in monkeys brings placenta treatment one step closer to humans
human trials for parkinson’s begin after primate success
human stem cell-derived heart cells are safe in monkeys, could treat congenital heart disease
wnprc aids research news

see all wnprc stories by date (research, awards, outreach, students and more!)

 



scientists and research programs
services for researchers
animal care and services
facts about animal research and responses to animal rights misinformation

 
 
 
 


 



learn more about biomedical research and animal care

animal research at uw-madison: get the facts
americans for medical progress
foundation for biomedical research
speaking of research

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact uswnprc
1220 capitol court
madison, wi 53715


 map
map marker


email: chan@primate.wisc.edu
phone: 608-263-3500

facebook


x twitter


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: jennifer.bal@primate.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













