








buy uk nerosport products online from blueunplugged


















































































 





		skip to content







free uk shipping on all products  

general enquiries: info@blueunplugged.com  










 





main menu
 


homeall productsmenu toggle

hoverboards hoverboard & hoverkarts electric scooters sports & fitness health & beauty
about uscontactaccountmenu toggle

my account cart
 





£0.00


 






 

 
 







 







 








sports & fitness equipment 

					we have a range of sport and fitness equipment to suit your needs, from exercise bike to treadmills.				












 










 





 







bluetooth hoverboard & hoverkart combo bundle self balance scooter (camo blue) 



#productofthemonth 



great for beginners and advanced riders alike.  built to last and comes with an extended 2-year warranty upgrade! 3 year warranty worth £59.99 ce, fc and rohs certified uk registered company free 24 hour delivery carry bag and remote key 3 pin (fused) uk plug bluetooth – connect to play music 











just £189.99!!! 



							grab yourself a bargain – view here 











featured products 







16%
out of stock 
				sports & fitness			
nero sport bluetooth studio exercise bike
£189.99 original price was: £189.99.£159.99current price is: £159.99.
 



 
				sports & fitness			
bluetooth electric motorised folding treadmill / running machine by nero sport
£229.99
 




5%
out of stock 
				hoverkart bundles			
bluetooth hoverboard & hoverkart bundle self balance scooter by nero sports (graffiti)
£199.99 original price was: £199.99.£189.99current price is: £189.99.
 




5%
out of stock 
				hoverkart bundles			
bluetooth hoverboard & hoverkart bundle self balance scooter by nero sports (camo blue)
£199.99 original price was: £199.99.£189.99current price is: £189.99.
 


 










 


 








 








products 






hoverboards




hoverboard & hoverkarts




adult electric scooters




sports & fitness




health & beauty











about 






about us




shipping




faqs




terms & conditions




privacy policy











contact 





blueunplugged.com, nekem house, trinity street, hull, hu3 1jr






 












copyright © 1999 - 2025 blueunplugged








 

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept












scroll to top









  





















































