





providence life services | senior living | illinois, indiana and michigan






























 












skip to main content




eventsnewsresourcescareersgiving



search



(708) 342-8100











close





servicesservicesbackoverviewcare consultingin-home carehospice & palliative carerespitetransition to homeour storyour storybackoverviewleadershipmembershipsawardsmeet our ceoliving optionsliving optionsbackoverviewretirement livingassisted livingmemory careskilled nursingtownhome livingaffordable housingcommunitiescommunitiesbackoverviewpark place of elmhurstpark place st. johnroyal atrium innroyal park placevictorian villagearbor placethomas placecontactcontactbackoverviewemergency contact







services
servicesbackoverviewcare consultingin-home carehospice & palliative carerespitetransition to homeour story
our storybackoverviewleadershipmembershipsawardsmeet our ceoliving options
living optionsbackoverviewretirement livingassisted livingmemory careskilled nursingtownhome livingaffordable housingcommunities
communitiesbackoverviewpark place of elmhurstpark place st. johnroyal atrium innroyal park placevictorian villagearbor placethomas placecontact
contactbackoverviewemergency contact




eventsnewsresourcescareersgiving














providence life services senior living
providence: (n) protective care of god over all mankind.


our mission is to enhance the lives of those we serve in the name of jesus christ.
providence life services offers senior living options in indiana, illinois, and michigan. our goal is to provide the right amenities, activities, and care services that you need to live your best life as you age.


view our story
















retirement living


from gracious townhomes to spacious apartments, choose the retirement living community that fits your lifestyle.


explore retirement living 












assisted living


experience personalized care, and get the assistance you need, providence-style.


explore assisted living 












memory care


no two people are alike, so we take an individualized, person-centered approach to memory care.


learn about memory care 












sub-acute rehabilitation


get back to your life after an illness, surgery, or injury with our skilled rehabilitation therapy.


learn about our rehab 












skilled nursing care


for the highest level of care in a compassionate setting, choose providence for skilled nursing care.


explore skilled nursing care 












now hiring


start your career with providence, making a difference in the lives of older adults.


search our job openings 












providence at home


for home health therapies or 24-hour personal care, providence at home can help.


learn about providence at home 












providence hospice


for quality and compassionate palliative care & hospice care, choose providence hospice.


explore providence hospice 








previous













next













resources available just for you


what questions should you ask when visiting retirement communities? what should you look for in home-care providers? is there a way to keep all your health information in one place? we have free resources that will help you answer all of these questions, and more!


browse our resources 
















congratulations to our providence communities that have receivied re-accreditation with the joint commission!


learn more

















services designed with you in mind


we have a variety of care and therapy services available to you, including home healthcare, rehabilitation therapies with short-term stays in our innovative nursing communities, care consulting services, and so much more. whatever senior service you need, we can help you find it!


find the right service 

















senior living options to fit your needs


whether you want to live completely independent, or you need a little assistance, or you have health needs that call for skilled nursing care, we have options for you. all of our apartments and townhomes have a variety of amenities, with social opportunities to enrich your life.


choose your lifestyle 















indiana






illinois






michigan










a community you can call home


providence life services has eight communities in three states, and each one has a special personality that makes it unique. some have a single level of care, and others offer multiple levels of care to meet your changing needs. it’s all about what you want or need for your life.


find your community


















providence life services ceo
bill de young


bill de young has been a dedicated leader at providence life services for nearly 30 years, culminating in being named ceo in 2025.


meet our ceo 












discover the providence service or community that's right for you.

simply fill out the form and we will contact you.


 















find us


18670 graphics drive, suite 106
tinley park, il 60477



info@provlife.com
(708) 342-8100

providence life services is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization.










follow us



facebook





linkedin





blog





youtube


















in compliance with the fair housing act, we do not discriminate because of race or color, national origin, religion, sex or gender, familial status, or disability.
notice of privacy practices


 

















search

×






search





















