







rodney mullen
































































































































home
facebook
instagram
about
contact
store







tickets go on sale friday at 9am4/4 at the beacon theatre (https://bit.ly/3uig1eo)4/7 at acl live at moody theater (https://bit.ly/3ubouvz)





















1 year ago        3 notes






chris haslam's "sterling golden" part https://bit.ly/2gbwwbf

chris haslam embodies what makes skating an art more than it will ever be a sport. his skating speaks volumes about who he is in ways that are obvious to anyone who knows him. beyond that, his creativity and control have etched his place among the best skaters of any generation. no matter what the terrain, he finds something new for it, spending the last decade and a half as a nomad seeking out places to see his ideas through, not for the sake of being differentor trying to stand out, but for the unvarnished compulsion to do things his own way and push into the unknown. that’s who he is as a person; he does it for the sake of doing it, nothing more—one of the truest skaters i know. this came out a month or so ago, in case you haven’t seen his newest part.






















5 years ago        2 notes






globe
when we watch certain skaters, we get a glimpse of who they are. in a real way, the essence of our community is composed of bits from everyone who contributes because we give of ourselves through what we do. this is central to who i am and why, for me, the business of it has to be kept separate. over 30+ years, my affiliations with companies—even my own—have changed many times; my loyalty is to skateboarding and the friendships forged through our mutual striving—not businesses. friends are friends, regardless of who they skate for. today, i’ve been with globe longer than any other company for many reasons, primarily because of who they are as people combined with their dedication to skateboarding and those of us who’ve lived-it for most of our lives. they have, too. i’m grateful for their help in building this new shoe; it’s the one that works best for what i do. https://bit.ly/2tce4gn





















5 years ago        5 notes











in mid-2012, ben harper and i were driving to a premiere of the bones brigade documentary, when dhani harrison called. ben put him on speaker to introduce us, because dhani had been on him about this idea of having me skate in a special camera system created by steven sebring. i immediately found myself a little star-struck in listening to him, but dhani quickly had me laughing and intrigued by ideas and pure love for skating. a couple of weeks later, i found myself in dhani’s office, completely taken-in by the scope of his vision. it was there that he introduced me to his manager david zonshine, who has an x-ray-vision kind of insight in his ability to capture essences and connect them. together, they are a formidable pair.having used steven’s dome to photograph his father’s guitar collection, dhani said he’d like to get me in there before moving on to other legendary guitar collections from musicians that made my head spin. i apologetically explained that i had not filmed in years, still in the throes of trying to break apart the adhesions that had fused my right femur to my hip—fueled by hope, yet without promise. dhani never even winced; he merely stated that it’d be ready for me whenever i was, then went into detail about sebring’s revolutionary invention. he’d periodical pause to hop onto his board and snap a quick heelflip—as if to complete his thought—then warned that there was nothing that could prepare me to skate in steven’s dome. a few months later, i met steven in the bowery hotel lobby, a day or two before we tested the rig for the first time. steven sebring is one of the most respected photographers in the world, having shot many of the most iconic figures in music, fashion, and more; beyond that, he’s a visionary. steven is a tall, long-haired, black-clad figure with a penetrating gaze, yet the moment i met him, his smiling candor overcame his natural gravitas. as soon as we shared ideas, an almost childlike excitement overcame him. it was then that i realized we tapped into the core of his love for leveraging technology to capture movement in unparalleled ways, utilizing what he stressed was pure photography. this was my first glimpse into his genius.this collaboration of dhani harrison, steven sebring and myself was driven simply by a love of what we do. there were no sponsors, nor will there be any product launch. while there was indeed talk of app’s at first, it was all scrapped because we didn’t want constraints or deadlines to bind us. together, along with steven’s band of digital wizards, we single-mindedly committed ourselves to creating something pure and beautiful, by doing what we do. together, we leveraged and redlined everything we’ve done for most of our lives, all that makes us who we are. we hope that you enjoy this. rodney mullen






















8 years ago        23 notes











rodney mullen “liminal” 7.11.16www.sebringrevolution.com






















8 years ago        10 notes



























a few months ago, wired reached out to do an interview, assigning one of the most talented writers i’ve ever had the opportunity to meet, brendan koerner. wired is the most prestigious tech magazine i know of, and i can’t begin to express what an honor it was for me– and how intimidating, too! i didn’t quite know what to expect, and having just read it, couldn’t be happier. i hope you like it, too. http://wrd.cm/1vtcees






















10 years ago        34 notes


			tagged: #rodney mullen #wired












i voted yesterday! daewon song ‪#‎populist2014‬ he had an amazing year with the berrics if you like to support daewon click the “learn more” link at the end of this video! (voting ends tomorrow)






















10 years ago        11 notes



























another article by mortimer over at ride channel thats talks about my set up and different board constructions. http://bit.ly/1vtcunc






















10 years ago        8 notes


			tagged: #rodney mullen #ride channel



























a little article sean mortimer did for ride channel about shapes. http://theridechannel.com/features/2015/01/rodney-mullen-interview






















10 years ago        3 notes


			tagged: #rodney mullen












one of these gifted yet humble folks i met at strata is a good friend of roger magoulas, named dan cowles— he works at adobe. within a few weeks, he came down to do a quick 5min bit on creativity, from sort of an artist’s perspective. of the interviews i’ve done, this was one of the most fun, plus everyone there seemed to be bouncing between projects that made me feel so fortunate that they even took the time… maris curran, this awesome woman behind the cameras— overseeing it all, in this relaxed way— was just getting ready to direct a whole movie, afterwards. when i think of adobe, it just registers as a product that doesn’t have many rivals, that they’re the best at what they do. hanging out with these two made me understand why— such awesome people behind it all.- rodney mullen






















10 years ago        7 notes






next page   


loading...
no more posts
load more posts




© rodney mullen 2015–2025











