








nemo home | ct nemo program




























































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index



















center for land use education and researchct nemo program 


search this sitesearch in https://nemo.uconn.edu/>search search this sitesearch in https://nemo.uconn.edu/>search 












 toggle navigation    
ct nemo program


homestormwater

stormwater basics ms4 guide stormwater utilities industrial stormwater general permit construction stormwater general permit ct stormwater manual ct erosion manual

green stormwater infrastructure

what is gsi/lid? rain gardens rain garden app rain garden certification watershed strategies lid atlas state of lid storymap uconn campus green infrastructure tour

projects

projects overview nitrogen reduction stormwater corps impervious cover tmdl jordan cove

about nemo

about ct nemo blog history museum contact ct nemo

uconn clear


search this sitesearch in https://nemo.uconn.edu/>search 





















nonpoint education for municipal officials providing information, education and assistance to local land use officials and other community groups.
nonpoint education for municipal officials providing information, education and assistance to local land use officials and other community groups.
nonpoint education for municipal officials providing information, education and assistance to local land use officials and other community groups.
nonpoint education for municipal officials providing information, education and assistance to local land use officials and other community groups.
nonpoint education for municipal officials providing information, education and assistance to local land use officials and other community groups.



ct ms4 guide
rain gardens
stormwater corps
stormwater utilities
information and resources about stormwater utilities as funding mechanisms for stormwater management.
 
gsi on campus
uconn’s commitment to green stormwater management
state of lid in ct story map
an interactive map showing who is using what lid practices
 
connecticut's changing landscape
how has your town changed since 1985?  check it out!
 
 


 








contactphone: 860-345-4511e-mail: nemo@uconn.eduaddress: uconn ct nemo
middlesex county extension
po box 70, 1066 saybrook road
haddam, ct 06438stay in touchfacebooktwitteryoutubeabout ct nemonemo (nonpoint education for municipal officials) was created in the early 1990’s to provide information, education and assistance to local land use boards and commissions on how they can accommodate growth while protecting their natural resources and community character. the program was built upon the basic belief that the future of our communities and environment depend on land use, and, since land use is decided primarily at the local level, education of local land use officials is the most effective, and most cost-effective, way to bring about positive change.

join the ms4 email listservsign up now
  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

uconn cahnr
uconn extension




































