











brooks pierce law firm: attorneys, lawyers, and business legal services north carolina

















main content
main menu




menu


peoplepeoplesearchfirm leadershipgovernment relationsother professionalsservicessuccesssuccessclient storiesrecognitionnews & insightsnews & insightsnews & eventsalerts & publicationsblogsmedia & speaking requestssubscribeaboutaboutwhy brooks piercediversity & inclusioninternational affiliationsgender inclusionin the communitycareerscareerscareerspathways to successlateral lawyersjudicial clerkslaw studentschief justice frye diversity fellowshipprofessional staffbenefitsopen positions & contactscontactcontactofficesinquiries and contacts



































brooks pierce named regional powerhouse law firmbrooks pierce celebrates that the firm has been named a north carolina regional powerhouse by law360. the award highlights firms with significant matters in north carolina. 



real estatecommercial real estate law is a complex, multi-faceted field encompassing a wide range of issues. brooks pierce is proud to have one of the most experienced, full-service commercial real estate practices in north carolina. we have a team of more than 20 attorneys who regularly assist clients on large, complex transactions throughout the united states, including joint ventures and multi-use projects.



brooks pierce receives top honors from chambers usabrooks pierce celebrates our 23 attorneys and nine practice areas ranked in the 2024 edition of chambers usa: america’s leading law firms for business.



corporate & businessbrooks pierce attorneys have long been recognized for their knowledge and experience in every facet of corporate transactional law. having served as general or in-house counsel to major privately-held and publicly traded companies and financial institutions, members of our corporate team have the unique advantage of truly understanding the enormous implications that strategy decisions and corporate transactions have on a business and its employees.



capital dispatch: updates from the nc general assembly and governor’s officein the brooks pierce capital dispatch, the government affairs team provides the latest information from the north carolina general assembly and governor's office. access the latest edition here.



litigationbrooks pierce attorneys solve complex problems. when those problems require litigation, our attorneys respond through vigorous, creative, efficient, skilled, and committed trial practice and advocacy. more than half of our lawyers are trial lawyers. we thrive on novel issues and precedent-setting cases, helping our clients with problems that are not easily solved.



clear answers to complex business law questions.we counsel businesses, non-profits, trade associations and individuals, focusing on solutions that address complex dynamics.



providing extraordinary legal counsel leads to exceptional longevity.we began advising north carolina businesses in the horse-and-buggy era. much has changed—but the principles of sound legal counsel have not. we're grateful our adherence to those principles have helped us thrive and continue to advise industries of today.












real property, real professionals



chambers usa 2024



guidance, compliance, and growth



capital dispatch



innovative trial advocacy



clear answers



125 years of innovative solutions






what's new


north carolina economic development report 
brooks pierce announces eric fletcher's return to firm
u.s. attorney general’s office issues dei memo to doj employees















search people 














profiles in lawyeringclint s. morseclint morse is an experienced litigator who thrives in the courtroom. he represents a variety of clients on issues related to intellectual property, bankruptcy, and general corporate disputes. more




3434 attorneys named to business north carolina's 2024 "legal elite" and "hall of fame"
117117 attorneys with the highest standard of professional and personal excellence
7272 of our attorneys are recognized in the best lawyers in america® 2025 guide





jump to page



privacy policy
terms of use & disclaimer
large file transfer
© 2025 brooks, pierce, mclendon, humphrey & leonard, llp
site by firmseek




greensboro
raleigh
wilmington





this website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. for more information on our cookie use, see our privacy policy.







