



the hummer network







this site is secure!
hummer







network


marketplace



web forum



h1 web site



about us







features


hummer knowledge base












the hummer network - parent site









the hummer network is now in its 25th year of dedication


  the hummer network, originally the hml (hummer mailing list), was the very first online hummer community.  it was founded on june 26, 1996.  on june 26, 2021, the hummer network will mark its 25th birthday.

  many thanks go out to the thousands of members who have contributed to the success of the hummer network over the years.  the hummer network has grown considerably in all this time, and continues to grow and expand the variety of quality free services it provides to the online hummer community.  the hummer network is as strong today as it has ever been.





  the mission of the hummer network is to facilitate online communication among hummer owners and others concerned with hummer vehicles, as well as serving as a storehouse for information generated by this internet community.

  the hummer network features the world-famous hml (hummer mailing list), the very first online hummer forum in existence, the h2ml (h2 mailing list), and the  the h3ml (h3 mailing list) integrated with a full-featured web forum in a unique, customized system.

  the hummer network offers unparalleled services to the online hummer community such as the hummer knowledge base and the marketplace.






the hummer network named by petersen's


  in its november 2006 issue, the leading off-roading journal petersen's 4wheel and off-road magazine names the hummer network as the "hummer online community we like".











© by humvee.net and the hummer network

all rights reserved.  any unauthorized use, reproduction or republishing of any of the materials within this web site is prohibited.

"hummer" is a registered trademark of general motors corporation.




if you have any questions, comments, etc. about this web site, or to inquire about advertising on the hummer network, please send an e-mail.

















