






world hope international - opportunity, dignity, & hope





















































































blog
press
donor login


followfollowfollowfollowfollow













about us

our team
board of directors
job opportunities
annual report


our work

clean water and energy
global health
protection
emergency relief
a year in review
newsletter


child sponsorship

christmas for whi kids
give a gift
resources & faqs
sponsor portal


get involved

partnerships


donate

the hope fund
monthly giving
other ways to give

donor advised funds
asset-based & planned giving
legacy giving
employer matching gifts

























 











transform a child's life this valentine's week

love transforms a life

this valentine’s week, give the gift of hope to a child living with disabilities.
kadie once struggled to stand or play. with therapy, she can now walk, hold toys, and say her first words. many children still need help—your gift can change their story.
💖 donate now and share a love that transforms!






donate today



learn more












clean water & energy
clean water is a holistic issue








global health
high-quality healthcare and prevention services








protection
ensuring everyone has access to human rights











9

love transforms a life
this valentine’s week, help a child living with disabilities receive life-changing therapy and support.
learn more





9

become a monthly supporter
join the monthly giving program and unleash your power to transform lives!
i want to become a monthly supporter







together we can help hope flourish around the world 

at world hope international, we empower the vulnerable. that’s what proverbs 31 tells us to do. but we can only transform the lives of 1 million and 1 at-risk children and families with partners and supporters like you. you can be the catalyst for miracles. because of you, children and their families can have clean water, health care, education and protection from human trafficking, all things that lead to brighter futures. join us and discover a world of hope in you. 





learn more













transforming lives through love

hope through mobility! discover how crutches, wheelchairs & therapy are giving children in liberia & sierra leone freedom, independence & new opportunities.
 
read more 








hope restored: a girl’s second chance

discover how faith and support helped a young mother overcome challenges and continue her education. learn about world hope’s impact on vulnerable lives.
 
read more 








bringing clean water to rural sierra leone: the impact of chlorination

learn how the water mission erosion chlorinator supported by whi sierra leone in projects improved health by reducing waterborne diseases in rural communities.
 
read more 








world hope international names jenn petersen president, ceo

jenn petersen joins whi as president and ceo, bringing church leadership and nonprofit experience to expand justice, mercy, and compassion globally.
 
read more 








celebrating the leadership of persons with disabilities: a recap of idpd 2024

sierra leone honors the leadership of persons with disabilities at idpd 2024, showcasing inclusion through advocacy, sports, and inspiring stories.
 
read more 









because of you






children and families gained access to clean water




patients received healthcare 




children and families protected from gender-based violence and human trafficking




children sponsored





donate today

*based on available data 2016-2023.







don’t miss a single story!






thank you for signing up!



first name



last name



email



phone number





submit










by providing your phone number, you’ll receive periodic text messages from whi. text stop to opt out anytime. msg & data rates may apply.





followfollowfollowfollowfollow








1330 braddock place, suite 301 alexandria, va 22314






+1 (703) 923-9414






info@worldhope.org






gift processing: po box 743794 atlanta, ga 30374-3794







 










an organization you can trust.

























world hope international is committed to sound stewardship and using your gift to deliver the most effective, sustainable solutions for alleviating poverty, suffering, and injustice. in the fiscal year 2023, 84% spent on program services. in order to use our resources in the most efficient manner possible, we may deem it necessary to redirect your contribution to the greatest need or our general purposes.








donate
our work
sponsor a child
get involved





about us
employment
our team
contact




get updates

world hope international, inc. is a 501(c)(3) organization. contributions are deductible to the full extent allowable under irs regulations. 







our work is supported by:





























policies & standards



terms of service















© world hope international. all rights reserved.



followfollowfollowfollowfollow



 

































