

















aclu pennsylvania























skip to main content










    latest news  

    aclu-pa sends guidance to schools regarding ice enforcement  

aclu-pa and the education law center sent a letter of guidance to public school districts and charter schools across pennsylvania, informing them of their rights regarding immigration enforcement actions. 


read more 










 
aclu pennsylvania 







about

about us

contact us

aclu national

annual reports

board of directors

chapters

jobs

newsletters

staff

aclu shop



issues

all issuescriminal justice reformracial justicevoting rightsimmigrants' rightslgbtqia+ equalityreproductive freedom



our work

campaigns

cases

legislation

black history & aclu-pa



news

press releases

speaking freely podcast

all blog postsschools must protect students –and follow the law– if ice shows upwhat is an executive order and how does it work?trump’s executive orders rolling back dei and accessibility efforts, explained



help & resources

file a legal complaint

publications

know your rights

modern debtors’ prisons: fines, costs, and restitution



act

take action

events

join

volunteer



donate





donate
































let people vote.

get our updates
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







 ‘cruel, inhumane, and racist’: read our report on ice in pennsylvania.



see what pa residents are saying!



all your questions answered! 



become an aclu member.



learn where your da stands on smart justice.



read our policy paper on stop-and-frisk practices in philadelphia. 









blogs 





 

    immigrants' rights  

schools must protect students –and follow the law– if ice shows up 

here’s what every school needs to know if ice comes knocking at their door. 






 

what is an executive order and how does it work? 

    what executive orders can – and cannot – do, and why we have them in the first place  





 

trump’s executive orders rolling back dei and accessibility efforts, explained 

    these orders represent a deliberate attempt to undo progress on diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility and create new barriers to opportunity.  







press releases 





february 4, 2025 

aclu-pa and education law center share guidance regarding immigration enforcement at pennsylvania schools 

the american civil liberties union of pennsylvania and the education law center have shared a letter of legal guidance about interacting with ice with pennsylvania public school district superintendents and... 





november 20, 2024 

aclu of pennsylvania files lawsuit against souderton area school district over free speech and due process violations 

the aclu of pennsylvania filed a lawsuit against the souderton area school district regarding the district's ban of two parents and one former student from school property as retaliation for criticisms... 





november 4, 2024 

pa voters decide statement in response to york county rejection of challenges to mail ballots from pennsylvanians abroad 

this afternoon the york county board of elections voted 3-0 to dismiss challenges to mail ballots submitted by pennsylvanians living overseas, ensuring the counting of ballots from more than 300 york... 


















act






 

podcast: subscribe  

 





 








search aclupa.org 








request assistance
español







aclu on facebook
aclu on x
aclu on youtube
aclu on instagram






© 2025 aclu pennsylvania





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility




















