







missouri quarter horse association

























































































cart
















0
















              home
            

            about
          

            mqha convention
          

        events
      

            membership
          

              youth
            

            sponsors
          

            blog
          

            contact
          




































































cart
















0











homeaboutmqha conventioneventsmembershipyouthsponsorsblogcontact


















scroll








welcome to themissouri quarter horse association




    view upcoming events 
  

 









missouri quarter horse association



mission statement: to provide beneficial member services that enhance and encourage quarter horse ownership and participation. to generate growth of mqha membership through marketing, promotion, advertisement, publicity, and education regarding the american quarter horse.




























mqha membership form










mqha sponsorship form










mqha show approval form










mqha hall of fame nomination form 













mqha upcoming eventsview our upcoming events! click on each event on the calendar to learn more about location and contact information.




    view all events
  








 

    











point standingsmembers should be sure to click on the button below to read our by-laws for specific year end award and high point award requirements.




    mqha by-laws regarding year end award requirements
  




    detailed results - all divisions
  




    open standings
  




    amateur standings
  




    select amateur standings
  




    novice amateur standings
  




    rookie amateur standings
  




    ewd standings
  




    youth standings
  




    novice youth standings
  




    rookie youth standings
  




    small-fry standings
  



mqha has updated to a new points system.  all shows prior to 10/30/24 have been uploaded.  please check everything out and let us know if you have any questions or concerns!  we are excited for this new software and think it ultimately will be wonderful!








  











mqha directorycongratulations to the macan family, on al of a sudden earning the 2023 mqha high point open horse award!!   mqha wishes jordan the best of luck with her horses this year!  take a look through the 2024 mqha directory!  thank you to all of our advertisers!  be sure to read the letter from our mqha president, melinda maxson tivoli and also the letter from mqhya president, hazel myles.
















    directory ad form
  








welcome



about mqha



mqha forms



mqha upcoming events



photo



point standings



photo



mqha directory











































