


british choirs on the 
net

















founded 1995





welcome to 
			"british choirs on the net" - ' the uk's largest choral community'
maintained by
            phillip 
			tolley on behalf of 
            the british choral tradition



 

enter site




 

as a member of singing network uk (formerly tonsil) 'british 
			choirs on the net' works, together with 21 other choral music 
			organisations, to promote choral music - its enjoyment and 
			education 
 

see links page for more detail









british choirs on the 
			net is supported by subscription advertising from the following - if 
			you would like your company 
			logo to appear here please email philliptolley@colcanto.co.uk
 







 

 
 
 



 







 
 
 


 
 
 



you will find that some 
              links to choir sites do not work... while every effort is made to keep 
              this listing up to date, we are reliant on choirs advising us if a web 
              site address or email contact changes. please let us know if your choir details have 
              changed or if a choir no longer exists. 
the usefulness of the sites depends on the information held on 
              it being as up to date as possible.
thank you
this site does not include choirs with only postal 
              or telephone contacts and encourages the use of the internet and email 
              to increase your choir's profile and publicity. if you choir requires a 
              web site please visit  www.choirsites.co.uk.
to advertise your latest choral concert  visit  www.concertfinder.co.uk 













updated privacy policy
we value your privacy and want you to be clear  about the data we collect and store, how we use this and the rights you have to  control that information. we have updated our privacy policy to reflect  the changes introduced by the new general data protection regulations (gdpr)  which comes into force from 25 may 2018. the changes in law will provide you  with greater transparency and control over your personal data. it sets out how we will collect and use your  personal information and what your individual data protection and privacy  rights will be under the new regulation.

to ensure our continued compliance with data protection and privacy laws, we  may update the privacy policy from time to time; therefore we encourage you to  review the privacy policy periodically to keep up to date. we will always let  you know if we make any material changes to the way we process and store your  personal data. we encourage you to take a moment to read our updated privacy policy. if you have any questions please feel to email philliptolley@colcanto.co.uk




 
 
 
 
 




