

































































kearney hub | breaking news | | read kearny, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















13°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



agriculture



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary 




opinion


letters



editorial



columnists



cartoons



submit a letter




sports


high school



high school scores and schedules



college



unk



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



agriculture news


sponsored features


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



archives




buy & sell


place an ad 



jobs



platte valley auto



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



photo submissions



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires

platte valley auto









13°
sunny
























        
        
            sam moore’s only basket the game-winner as unk edges emporia state

unk senior sam moore drove down the lane, putting in a layup with 18 seconds left, and the loper defense stymied emporia state on its last three possessions, resulting in a 73-71 loper victory over the hornets saturday afternoon.

















        
        
            effort pays off as unk pulls away for 12-point win over emporia state

outscoring emporia state 14-5 over the last five minutes, unk picked up its 10th victory of the season, winning 87-75.


















        
        
            photos: unk vs. emporia state basketballpho

photos from unk’s sweep of emporia state in men’s and women’s basketball on saturday, feb. 15, 2025. 


















        
        
            photos: kearney high and millard west boys basketball

kearney high defeated millard west 71-57 saturday night at kearney high school. 


















        
        
            photos: kearney high and millard west girls basketball

millard west girls defeated kearney high 52-32 saturday night at kearney high school. 

















        
        
            rowe sanctuary plans 50th anniversary event

audubon leadership will discuss rowe sanctuary’s impact on platte river conservation. prize-winning photographer michael forsberg will present the keynote speech.


















        
        
            photos: kearney catholic basketball vs gothenburg

kearney catholic girls basketball lost to gothenburg 37-54 and kearney catholic boys won 60-53 on feb. 14, 2025. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            love is just as sweet the second time around for kearney couple



















        
        
            kearney neighbors: obituaries for february 16


















        
        
            ranchers, feedlots renew battle over nebraska brand system















                
                the latest



















        
        
            kearney neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in kearney hub. 




















        
        
            update: extreme cold watch affecting nebraska from tuesday to thursday

the national weather service issued an updated extreme cold watch at 8:52 a.m. on sunday valid from tuesday midnight until thursday noon. the watch is for kearney area and grand island area as well as valley, greeley, nance, sherman, howard, merrick, polk, hamilton and york counties. 












        
        
            update: extreme cold watch for nebraska from tuesday to thursday

an updated extreme cold watch was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 2:25 p.m. valid from tuesday midnight until thursday noon. the watch is for kearney area and grand island area as well as valley, greeley, nance, sherman, howard, merrick, polk, dawson, hamilton, york, gosp…












        
        
            update: winter weather advisory for nebraska for monday – up to 4 inches of snow

the national weather service issued an updated winter weather advisory at 2:20 p.m. on sunday valid for monday between midnight and 6 p.m. the advisory is for kearney area and grand island area as well as valley, greeley, nance, sherman, howard, merrick, polk, dawson, hamilton, york and fill…












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            best of kearney 2025



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            ava kuszak‘s hat trick of home runs caps nebraska softball’s dominant weekend

ava kuszak became the third husker in program history to hit three home runs in single game as nu wrapped up a 5-0 weekend.




















        
        
            kearney boys jump ahead early in big win over millard west

get in front, stay in front. 




















        
        
            'for sharpie': gabe swansen's swats lift nebraska baseball over no. 16 vanderbilt

on the day after nebraska baseball lost play-by-play announcer greg sharpe, nu slugger gabe swansen helped delivered an emotional, upset win over no. 16 vanderbilt




















        
        
            axelina johansson leads nebraska's dominance of women's shot put at tyson invitational

axelina johansson and micaylon moore earned event titles for the huskers on the second and final day at the tyson invitational in arkansas.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            looking ahead: how to get tickets to the 2025 cattlemen's ball

the 2025 cattlemen's ball will be held near blue springs in southeast nebraska on june 6-7.




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












sponsored








        
        
            protein packed, flavorful and lean… pork checks all the boxes!

content by national pork board. learn about the benefits of pork from registered dietitian and certified executive chef amber pankonin.












sponsored








        
        
            this sweet and savory holiday ham recipe will delight you and the whole family

content by nebraska pork producers association. pig farmer karen grant shares a wonderful easter ham recipe. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            farmers union fritch



                                        104 north 24th street, beatrice, ne 68310
                                    






















        
        
            earls auto glass - chamber



                                        410 e. hwy. 30, cozad, ne 69130
                                    






















        
        
            southwest area training service



                                        506 e 12th st, mccook, ne 69001
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            curt peterson - ad from 2025-02-13
























other





        
        
            taylor wagnor ranch and farm auctions - ad from 2025-02-15
























finance





        
        
            town & country bank - ad from 2025-02-15







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

legal notices

contact us

submission forms

licensing

curated commerce

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        kearney hub, 21 w. 21st st.  kearney, ne 68847
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe

























