


mcgill-queen's university press | mcgill-queen’s university press




























this site requires javascript.

skip to main content

skip to content



[x]
join mqup's mailing list

sign up for our newsletter about new books in your discipline and exclusive offers.
























welcome, guest


 login
 create account






canadian store (cad)you are currently shopping in our canadian store. for orders outside of canada, please switch to our international store. international and us orders are billed in us dollars.


[x] no thanks, continue shopping in our canadian store.
































home 


about the press 


browse books 


ordering info 


publishing with us 


permissions 


distribution 


our series 


awards 


blog 


events 


conferences and exhibits 


programme français 


media inquiries 


contact us 





stay
			connected

looking for more mqup? sign up for our newsletter about new books and exclusive offers.
















courseadoption »

we are pleased to provide examination or desk copies to professors. click for more information ›


 







new release



y tu mamá también
juan llamas-rodriguez

a critical study of the musical legacy, new media afterlives, and queer significance of the 2001 hit.




new release



echoes of care
deafness in modern britain
jaipreet virdi

how medical battles for professional legitimacy clashed with cultural perceptions to change the meaning of deafness.





new release



building mennonite belonging
toward an intercultural church
hyung jin kim sun


pursuing a vision of belonging in diverse faith communities in the twenty-first century.





new release



workers of war and empire from new france to british america, 1688–1783
richard h. tomczak

an examination of the feudal labour practices that helped to build the infrastructure of empire in french and british north america.




new release



lived moments
phenomenology, neorealism, and the new wave
glen norton

a new philosophical understanding of modernist cinema’s ability to express indeterminate and contingent moments of daily life.






y tu mamá tambiénechoes of carebuilding mennonite belongingworkers of war and empire from new france to british america, 1688–1783lived moments







recent newsand features »










new releases: january and february »
feb 17, 2025  new release, reading list  0 comments
							we’re thrilled to kick off the new year with five exciting new releases this january and february! we have new additions to the mcgill-queen’s/ams healthcare studies in the history of medicine, health, and society series, mcgill-queen's studies in early canada / avant le canada series, and the...
						












valentine's day »
feb 14, 2025  excerpt  0 comments
							following antonietta and loris's first kiss in the shadows of the italian alps barely a year after the end of the second world war, the couple's courtship was separated by a distance far greater than could ever have been imagined. throughout their transatlantic separation, the...
						












black history month 2025 »
feb 3, 2025  reading list  0 comments
							february is black history month, a time for reflection, recognition, and celebration—a moment to acknowledge the profound contributions of black communities while confronting histories of resistance, exclusion, and resilience that have shaped canada. at mqup, we are proud to highlight a collection of books that...
						


  





currentcatalogue »


browse all catalogues >


  

 

 
 
 




mcgill-queen’s university press in montreal is on land which long served as a site of meeting and exchange amongst indigenous peoples, including the haudenosaunee and anishinabeg nations. in kingston it is situated on the territory of the haudenosaunee and anishinaabek. we acknowledge and thank the diverse indigenous peoples whose footsteps have marked these territories on which peoples of the world now gather.
   




home 


the press 


browse all titles 


ordering 


publishing with us 


distribution 








acknowledgements 


authors, media & course adoption forms 


news & events 


course adoption 


contact us 










					© copyright 2025 mcgill queen university press. all rights reserved. |


sitemap 

|

privacy/legal matters 

|

website by orbit 







