



welcome to saveisrael.com










  
         

  


  

 


 

contents

dr. israel eldad
 
avraham (yair) stern


uri zvi greenberg


r. moshe tsvi segal



ze'ev jabotinsky


other writers

martyred heroes


articles of 
          interest


commentarysearch 
          page








interviews

recommended
          reading list






e-mail:
 info@saveisrael.com
address:
save israel
          42 east cityline ave. 
          suite 352
          bala cynwyd, pa 19004


 









 
 

 
 

  
            

 


  
          welcome to saveisrael.com 

          welcome to a different kind of web site. a web site that offers essays 
          and poems written by the soldiers and commanders (as well as their mentors) 
          who fought to defend the jewish people in the land of israel before 
          and during the formation of the state of israel in 1948.

          the men of the jewish legion, betar, brit habirionim, brit hashmonaim, 
          irgun, and lehi were brave and selfless souls who forced the british 
          from the land of israel and defended jewish neighborhoods and communities 
          from arab terrorist attacks.

          some of the articles and poems found within these pages were written 
          during the struggle to create the state of israel, while others are 
          more recent works; each piece, however, illustrates the depth of thought 
          and commitment of these men.

          we ask our readers not make the mistake of assuming that those who fought 
          for the honor of the jewish people, were just warriors. they were, in 
          fact, intelligent individuals who understood the higher ideals for which 
          they fought. their words and deeds of half a century ago are as important 
          to study and understand today as they were then. in fact, it could be 
          argued that the words of these men are more critical to the future of 
          the jewish state than they are as simply the preservation of intellectual 
          history.

 





 

  




press 
            button to turn on and off music 


the saveisrael.com mission statement 

  
 



 
   
 
            this internet web site is not connected to any political party, political 
            movement or other organization in the united states, israel or elsewhere 
            and is a completely independent entity. this website is published 
            as a public service. 
©2005-2009 samson 
            communications, inc.

 
 



