ï»¿anaheim desert inn and suites | anaheim, ca hotels near disneylandskip to content   book now×make a reservationhave a question? 714-772-5050check in ) check out  rooms  adults  children  book now  toggle navigation    menu rooms & suitesvirtual tours / photosamenitiesarea guideconvention center socal beachessports & recreationshoppinglocationdiningdisneyland resortspecial offerscontact us directly across from disneyland's front entrance.  walk to the disneyland resort! directly across from disneyland's front entrance.  walk to the disneyland resort!check in ) check out  rooms  adults  children  book now anaheim desert inn & suitesa modern anaheim, california hotel located directly across the street from disneylandâ® resortanaheim desert inn & suites offers affordable rates and a fantastic location just minutes from the top southern california theme parks: disneyland® park, disney california adventure® park, and the downtown disney® district. our accommodations are perfect for families and business travelers, with a variety of rooms and suites from our deluxe rooms to our spacious 10-person suite. renovation noticeexciting updates at anaheim desert inn & suiteswe are committed to enhancing your experience at anaheim desert inn & suites and have some exciting updates to share!light renovations in progressto improve your stay, we are making light renovations throughout the property. while we are taking steps to minimize disruptions, some areas may experience low levels of noise.we appreciate your understanding and look forward to providing you with an even more comfortable and enjoyable experience. if you have any questions, please contact our team.elevator maintenance – february 10–18, 2025the elevator serving the 4th and 5th floors will be temporarily unavailable for maintenance upgrades. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to enhance our facilities.breakfast updatewe’re excited to enhance your experience by adding a new market area. we will continue to offer a limited continental breakfast, which includes coffee, tea, juice, milk, cereal, oatmeal, danishes, and fruit. we appreciate your patience and understanding as we improve our amenities.your comfort is our priority we are committed to maintaining a peaceful and comfortable environment during this time. should you need assistance or have any concerns, our staff is always here to help. thank you for your continued support and for choosing to stay at the anaheim desert inn & suites.   purchase disney tickets  affordable guest rooms & suiteswhether you are traveling alone or want to bring the entire extended family, we have the perfect guest room or suite for you. our spacious accommodations include large, two-bedroom suites big enough for the entire family — up to 10 guests.  view rooms & suites   image slide1, link to larger image - inside our queen bedroom in anaheim, ca    image slide2, link to larger image - one of our king bedroom hotel rooms in anaheim    image slide3, link to larger image - living room area in one of our anaheim suites comfortable modern amenitiesbefore venturing out to enjoy sunny socal, start your day off right with our continental breakfast. relax and enjoy our indoor heated pool and spa; it’s just the thing you need after a fun day of excitement. end your evening watching disney’s famous fireworks from our rooftop viewing deck.view amenities   image slide1, link to larger image - lobby    image slide2, link to larger image - breakfast room    image slide3, link to larger image - indoor pool location near disneylandâ® and other attractionsanaheim desert inn & suites sits directly across the street from the east disney esplanade (main entrance to the disneyland® resort) and within walking distance to the anaheim convention center, downtown disney® district, and anaheim gardenwalk for shopping, dining, and entertainment. view attractions   image slide1, link to larger image - family at disneyland    image slide2, link to larger image - family walking down road in radiator springs guest reviews 4.6 out of 5 based on 10 reviewsworth the stay rating: 5 out of 5 starsit was great! really nice being so close to disneyland! the beds were comfortable. the valet option is nice if u don't need to keep going in and out of the car. they do offer plenty amenities but we didn't use them since we were time crunching for the park.reviewed by  mauricio h  on  september, 2023  via  tripadvisorhad a great time rating: 5 out of 5 stars"the best place to stay and visit disneyland, it is right across the street. denny's and i hop are close by. my grandson enjoyed the pool and watching the fireworks from the roof. it's clean and the employees are very nice."reviewed by  gwen k.  on  march 2020  via  tripadvisorbest trip ever rating: 5 out of 5 stars"my husband and i came down to celebrate my birthday and he was extremely impressed by the hotel and staff. we were made to feel extremely welcomed and the staff even wished me a happy birthday on my birthday."reviewed by  rosemary  on  march 2020  via  tripadvisorhad a great stay. can't beat the location! rating: 5 out of 5 stars"room was bigger than we expected. very clean. all staff were very friendly, always smiling. complimentary breakfast was good. had a room in the back corner so nice and quiet. would definitely stay there again."reviewed by  disney fan  on  feb 2020  via  tripadvisorsign up for specialsenter your email address below to receive periodic emails about special offers and upcoming events.  sign up  link to map on google maps  anaheim logo footer privacy policyweb accessibilitygallerycontactsitemap  anaheim desert inn facebook    anaheim desert inn instagram    anaheim desert inn twitter anaheim desert inn  1600 s. harbor blvd. anaheim, california 92802 united states    phone:  714-772-5050    toll free:  800-433-5270    fax:  714-778-2754    link for column1    link for column2    link for column3 call uslocationbook now  scroll to top 