



























 
 

saturdays:  the nursery now closes at 4pm on saturdays for the remainder of the 2024 season.

 

please be advised that our roses and fruit trees are usually available by the first or second week of april.  please call to make sure we have stocked the sales yard.  we stock 10 plants per variety and add additional quantities, if available.  everything is on a first-come basis.

 
rose categories

new for 2024!
david austin english bush roses
david austin english tall bush or climber roses
easy to love roses
easy elegance roses
knock out roses
home run roses
drift ground cover roses
patent hybrid teas
patent grandifloras
patent floribundas
unique roses
native + wetland roses
patent climbers
patent landscape
ground cover roses
patio-miniatures
non-patent hybrid teas
non-patent grandifloras
non-patent floribundas
non-patent landscape
rugosa roses
non-patent climbers

 
events
 


about us


roseland is the largest supplier of potted rose bushes in new england!
roseland nursery was established in 1952 by raymond bergeron. he started the business as a shop for cut roses. the property had a multitude of rose beds from which he cut and sold his product. he and his wife attila "tillie" grew the business together, turning it into a full service garden center. they retired in 1982 and sold roseland to the current owner's, fred and susan reuter. at that time david ellis was the manager and remains as manager to this day. together the three of them have grown roseland to the thriving company that it is today.
 roseland is situated on 32 acres abutting the acushnet river in acushnet, ma. currently 11 acres are being used for the garden center and for the growing of the 150,000 rose bushes they specialize in. we carry close to 300 varieties of roses and distribute them to 9 states from me to pa. in addition , we carry and distribute a wide variety of fruit trees, ornamental trees, blueberries, grapes, raspberries and blackberries. 
the garden center carries everything the homeowner needs to create the warm, comfortable environment they desire when relaxing in their yard. whether you are a master gardener, beginner or want help from our staff or landscape department, we want to help turn your yard into the beautiful retreat you have always wanted and deserve. we have certified mass. horticulturist on staff to help you.
hours seasonally april - november.
april 1(approximate) - july 1 open mon to sat 8am - 5pm and sun 9am - 3pm.
closed july 4th.

aug 18, 2024: effective starting saturday, august 24 and for the remainder of the 2024 season, roseland nursery will be closing saturdays at 4pm.  
 july  - sep - open mon - sat 8am - 5pm - sunday 9am - 3 pm
sep - nov -  open mon - sat 8 am - 5 pm - sunday 9am - 3 pm
 thank you for visiting!
 
.. 



fruit trees

apple
peach
apricot
nectarine
pear
sweet cherry
sour cherry
plum
prune plum 
crabapple
asian pear
flowering cherry
ornamental weeping trees
blueberry
grape
raspberry
blackberry
4 in 1 2 tier dwarf espaliered
4 in 1 semi-dwarf

 




 

 










contact us
247 main street - acushnet, ma 02743
phone:(508) 995-4212 
e-mail:contacts@roselandroses.com


 




follow us on facebook
 
 











			roseland nursery ©2010 / website designed by maria f. sadeck   





