       
	home
                 
skip to content    



   




    search menu          
   


about ncbfaaboard of directorscommitteesaffiliate presidents networkbylawsterms & conditionsannual reportsprofessional partnershipsstaff directoryjoin our team! 

  


news & advocacymonday morning ebriefingpress releaseswhite papers and position papers  csms messagesmember & association achievementssocial media 

  


educationnei membership typescertification programsintroductory courseslogin to logistics ei continuing educationnei faqs & policies 

  


membership: why join?member types & duesprospective member faqslicensing 101

  


membership benefitskey business documentscost savings & discountspromotional opportunitiesmember showcasetoolkits: aphis, pga, export, etctrucker vetting serviceshippers associationconferences & eventswebinar spotlightncbfaa logomember faqsannual ncbfaa scholarship

  


search our membership find a broker/forwarder affiliate membersassociate membersmember directory (full contact info, member login required

  


i want toregister for a conferenceregister for a trainingjoin ncbfaapay my invoicego to marketplacewrite my representative

        




search
when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.













   







2025 52nd ncbfaa annual conference
register today!april 6 - 9, 2025








learn more about the nei's lcb accreditation services
start hereaccreditation








professional training: nei
learn about nei membershipslog in to logistics ei








conferences & events
register for a conferenceview calendar of events








become a member
sign uplearn more












ieepa tariffs

learn more




harmonized tariff schedule of the united states (2025) basic edition

learn more




industry-wide questions on final rule on demurrage and detention billing requirements

learn more




organics toolkit

learn more







as the national voice of the logistics industry since 1897, ncbfaa enables its more than 1,200 member companies with 110,000  employees to be heard in the halls of congress and the offices of requlators.
find a member broker








welcome to ncbfaa headquartered in the washington dc metro area, the ncbfaa represents more than 1,300 member companies with 110,000 employees in international trade - the nation's leading freight forwarders, customs brokers, ocean transportation intermediaries (otis), nvoccs and air cargo agents, serving more than 250,000 importers and exporters. the association’s members handle more than 97% of the entries for goods imported into the united states and are directly involved with the logistics of these goods. further, members operating as otis are involved with approximately 80 to 85% of all exports from the united states.  



 

member benefits
ncbfaa offers its company members a number of benefits, including business services and discounts.

join now! 






 

industry news
the monday morning ebriefing brings ncbfaa members the latest in industry news and information.

headlines 






 

nei education
the ncbfaa educational institute (nei) offers its members world-class professional development.

learn more 






 

conferences
ncbfaa & nei conferences, premier gatherings of industry representatives to learn about industry challenges and connect with colleagues.

learn more 









facebook
twitter









tweets by ncbfaa 










press release
ncbfaa applauds senators cassidy and cortez masto for customs and trade facilitation framework

learn more 








committees
would you like to learn more about ncbfaa committee work?  are you a member considering joining a committee?

learn more 











ncbfaa customs broker members take action to prepare importers for tariffs


feb 14, 2025                
ncbfaa, which represents more than 1,300 regular member companies that provide customs brokerage services to hundreds of thousands of u.s. importers – large and small, remains at the forefront of providing pertinent regulatory and operational information to our nation’s customs brokers to ensure utmost compliance with the latest round of import tariffs imposed in recent weeks by the white house. this article provides your customs brokerage operation, as well as your importer clients, with the latest ieepa tariff information and prospective changes to import clearances with customs and border protection (cbp).
full story



possible duty miscalculations for china imports


feb 14, 2025                
ncbfaa members have reported that some entries are being accepted by customs and border protection (cbp) without proper duty calculations for the new ieepa import duties on china.
full story



next coac to be held in atlanta march 5


feb 14, 2025                
the next customs and border protection (cbp) commercial customs operations advisory committee (coac) quarterly meeting will be held on wednesday, march 5, from 1-5 p.m. et in atlanta. the meeting will be open for the public to attend in-person or via webinar.
full story




see all monday morning ebriefings 











18 february, 2025, 1 pm-2 pm
cbp: licensed customs broker continuing education—a small business focus







2 march, 2025-4 march, 2025
aircargo conference







6 march, 2025, 2 pm-3 pm
ncbfaa webinar the aeious of enforcement that make you say eek! (add, eapa, ieepa, oh uflpa) how to prepare for the unknown!







17 march, 2025-20 march, 2025
2025 fiata hq meeting







18 march, 2025-20 march, 2025
2025 update conference on export controls and polic







6 april, 2025-9 april, 2025
2025 ncbfaa annual conference







23 april, 2025, 11 am-4 pm
2025 virtual ncsd trade forum







26 june, 2025-27 june, 2025
aaei 2025 annual conference & trade day







7 september, 2025-9 september, 2025
2025 ncbfaa gac, september 7-9, 2025







7 september, 2025-9 september, 2025
ncbfaa gac






see calendar of all events  


see calendar of nei webinars & nei featured provider trainings
















ready to join ncbfaa or nei?
learn more about ncbfaa memberships to access the latest industry news, discounts on business services and participate in industry conferences and committees.  
learn more about nei professional and corporate memberships to get discounted rates on training, certifications, and training conferences.
member types & dues













upcoming events 








calendars

















nei's educational interface
visit the logistics educational interface to participate in your courses, track your learning progress, and search for continuing education opportunities.

log in to logistics-ei 










learn how to maintain your certification
understand the number of credits required to renew, know where to look for continuing education opportunities, and how to obtain credits.

learn more 




















      


contact us privacy policy terms & conditions sitemap web admin

    


staff directory 8601 georgia avenuesuite 612silver spring, md 20910(202) 466-0222



facebook  twitter  linkedin  instagram

        




    


national customs brokers & forwarders association of america, inc.

      
                        copyright ©  all rights reserved.
                              




about ncbfaa


board of directors


board of directors meetings 


ncbfaa past presidents 


board and committee bios 


member videos 




ncbfaa terms & conditions of service


affiliated presidents network


area 1


area 2


area 3


area 4


area 5


area 6


area 7


area 8


area 9




annual reports


professional partnerships


staff directory


privacy policy


contact us


join our team 


calendar of events 


short-term partial government shutdown possible




committees


committee sign up form 


join a committee 


ncbfaa board area representatives: committee participation




news & advocacy


member & association achievements


strategic partnerships




monday morning ebriefing


write my representative


customs business fairness act


land port of entry (lpoe) modernization trust fund act


gsp extension and refund reform




ncbfaa social media  


white papers & position papers 




education


logisticsei


nei membership types


nei professional membership


nei corporate membership




certifications


ccs


mcs


ces


mes


czs


printed certificates




import 101


advanced compliance importing practices


export 101


apparel 101


customs broker prep courses


continuing education


on-demand courses


free webinars


nei education calendar


nei faqs & policies


affiliate/ncbfaa webinars




higher education partners


special programs & initiatives




membership: why join? 


member types & dues


regular


affiliate


associate




existing member faqs


prospective member faqs


becoming a customs broker


becoming an ocean transportation intermediary


becoming a freight forwarder




types of broker licenses


ncbfaa & nei membership types  




membership benefits


conferences & events


2024 government affairs conference


2024 gac faqs


2024 gac eblasts


2024 gac critical issues


2024 gac full program




ncbfaa annual conference 2025


exhibitors


current exhibitors and floorplan


exhibitor faqs


important registration information


important dates




conference schedule 


faqs


sponsorship information


sponsorship form


sponsorship benefits




spouse/ guest 


spouse/guests annual conference registration hints & tips




hotel






ncbfaa shippers association


free trucker vetting service


small business kit


aphis toolkit


aphis faqs




business insurance & retirement plans


partnerships


promotional opportunities


cost savings & discounts


webinar faqs


member showcase 


webinar timeline




ncbfaa annual scholarships 


key business documents non-members 


shipper's letter of instruction model


usppi responsibility sheet


key business documents 




search our membership


affiliate member search


associate member search


reciprocal


honorary members




u.s. east-gulf coast port strike updates  


trade tech q&a 


ieepa tariffs update 



  
 
         test