


home - north idaho atv association




























skip to main content






















member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter










home news event calendar faqmember signup member signup (online) member signup (download) chat/forums photos newsletters/maps contact us business directory









welcome to the north idaho atv club!
welcoming members since 2002

north idaho atv association, inc. consists of people from all walks of life.  appreciating our forest lands, while we promote the fun and enjoyment that the atvs and utvs have to offer.  riding idaho trails responsibly and respectfully within the boundaries.  north idaho has many trails and forestry roads available to enjoy.  constantly increasing our atv club membership has enabled us to actively support our rights to the use public lands, by working with the local authorities to keep trails & roads available for recreational use.  family's are encouraged to join. if you are planning to visit any of the north idaho or eastern washington cities like spokane, veradale, liberty lake, post falls, coeur d'alene, hayden lake, spirit lake, or athol area you are closer then you know to some great atv riding trails. all make and model atvs and utvs are welcome to ride with us.

the atv club membership meetings are the 2nd monday of each month at the elmer's restaurant in cda at 6:30 pm.  majority of our events are posted here on our website as well.  we have club rides and monthly meetings scheduled each month. campouts, and other activities planned throughout the year. 











facebook feed
northidahoatv.org





upcoming events
upcoming events


coeur d'alene weather






recent articles
latest news








slideshowbusiness members







home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







