




adblock plus | the world's #1 free ad blocker










































download


about


premium


help



          english (us)
        



                deutsch (de)
              



                english (us)
              



                español (españa) (es)
              



                français (fr)
              



                italiano (it)
              



                nederlands (nl)
              



                português (brasil) (br)
              



                русский (ru)
              



                中文(简体) (cn)
              














new!

          block annoying cookie banners
        


        tired of those frustrating pop-ups about cookies on every website? start blocking them with adblock plus premium and enjoy a better browsing experience today.
      

        learn more
      



        learn more
      







surf the web with no annoying ads

experience a cleaner, faster web and block annoying ads
acceptable ads are allowed by default to support websites (learn more) [1]
adblock plus is free and open source (gplv3+)


by clicking the button below, you agree to our terms of use.


  install



    download adblock plus for another browser
  








block ads with adblock plus for safari on ios


block annoying ads
save data and battery life
block malware, tracking and more
works exclusively for safari







view all our ad blocking products





get adblock browser
the best ad-blocking browser for android


block annoying ads
block tracking
avoid malware







view all our ad blocking products





block ads with adblock plus for samsung internet
designed specifically for samsung internet


block annoying ads
block tracking
avoid malware







view all our ad blocking products











as mentioned on:
(links open in a new window)



































faster, more enjoyable browsing
block ads that interrupt your browsing experience. say goodbye to video ads, pop-ups, flashing banners and more. blocking these annoyances means pages load faster.



keep your data and devices safe
with adblock plus avoiding tracking and malware is easy. blocking intrusive ads reduces the risk of "malvertising" infections. blocking tracking stops companies following your online activity.



not all ads are bad
websites need money to stay free. support them by allowing acceptable ads (enabled by default). want to hide all ads? no problem. learn how







        want to block ads and disable tracking on mobile devices?







            adblock browser app
          

            from the team behind adblock plus, the most popular ad blocker for desktop browsers, adblock browser is now available for your android devices.
          

























          what is adblock plus?
        

          adblock plus is a free extension that allows you to customize and control your web experience. block annoying ads, disable tracking, block sites known to spread malware and lots more. available for all major desktop browsers and mobile devices.
        

          adblock plus is an open source project licensed under gplv3 and subject to its terms of use.
        





[1] the following rules have and always will apply to everyone, without exception:
  

      participants cannot pay to avoid the criteria. every ad must comply.
    

      for transparency, we add all acceptable ads to our forum so that our community of users can provide feedback.
    

      we listen to our users. if an acceptable ads proposal is flagged by our community for a legitimate reason, we will remove it from the whitelist.
    

      we are able to keep our open source product free by charging large entities a fee for whitelisting services. for the other roughly 90 percent of our partners, these services are offered free of charge.
    























download

adblock plus for chrome
adblock plus for firefox
adblock plus for safari
adblock plus for opera
adblock plus for edge
adblock browser for android



resources

acceptable ads
documentation
for admins
report an issue
privacy faq
writing adblock plus filters



community

contribute
announcements
blog
forum



development

source code
tools
careers at eyeo gmbh
partner integrations



follow us on


































copyright © 2023 all rights reserved. adblock plus® is a registered trademark of eyeo gmbh.

terms of use
privacy policy
imprint











cookie notice

























            we use some cookies to give you the best experience on our website. by using our site you are aware that we are using cookies and you can change this any time. learn more







              ok, got it
            



              settings  
              
settings icon









necessary cookies
used to remember your privacy preferences. they cannot be switched off.










tracking cookies
we use these to analyze website traffic.









    save preferences
  













      cookie preferences
    


close icon




      we use some cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
      read more



        ok, got it
      



        change settings
      







        cookie preferences
      


close icon







        we use some cookies to give you the best experience on our website. by using our site you are aware that we are using cookies and you can change this any time. learn more






necessary cookies
used to remember your privacy preferences. they cannot be switched off.










tracking cookies
we use these to analyze website traffic.









    save preferences
  







