

tarzan movie guide.com : the weissmuller films (1932-1948)








 














(click on title to purchase)

1932 tarzan, the ape man 
                (99 minutes - video, vcd, dvd)
 
                johnny weissmuller. maureen o'sullivan. now we're talking! jane 
                tags along with her father and his partner as they safari in search 
                of the mysterious elephant graveyard. once they are deep in the 
                jungle, tarzan "discovers" jane and promptly kidnaps 
                her. they, quickly, fall in love and then the action begins. the 
                safari is captured by a tribe of pygmies and tarzan must rescue 
                them - with the help of his friends, the elephants.
 this 
                  is a fantastic adventure film! weissmuller is easily the best 
                  known of the movie tarzan's and does a great job (even if tarzan 
                  isn't portrayed as the intelligent guy he is in the books). 
                  what can i say about maureen o'sullivan? she is jane; intelligent, 
                  sexy and quite capable of taking care of herself (until she 
                  meets tarzan)... 
remade in 1959 with denny miller and in 1981 
                  with miles o'keeffe.
1934 tarzan and his mate (93 minutes 
                  - video w/extended footage, vcd, dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. maureen o'sullivan. after barely surviving 
                  the first time around, holt decides to return to the elephant 
                  graveyard. he and his partner are hoping tarzan will help them, 
                  but when he refuses they go it alone.
they soon find themselves surrounded by hostile 
                  natives and must fight for their lives. they don't do a very 
                  good job of it, but tarzan (and the elephants) arrive just in 
                  time to save jane.
this is the ultimate tarzan movie (and my favorite 
                  movie, bar none, of all time)! the extended footage included 
                  on the video release makes it even better! tons of exciting 
                  action, a cool villain, great photography and miss o'sullivan 
                  in a leather bikini! wow! 
this movie has it all. i've watched it more 
                  times than i can count, but still keep coming back for more. 
                  the characters are well done and the excitement/wonder never 
                  stops. the popular crocodile battle sequence is used here for 
                  the first time. 
1936 tarzan escapes (95 minutes - video, 
                  vcd, dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. maureen o'sullivan. jane's cousins hire 
                  an unscrupulous guide to help them find tarzan. they want to 
                  inform jane of a large inheritance she has received. the guide, 
                  on the other hand, wants to capture tarzan and make an exhibit 
                  of him. once again the safari is surrounded and captured by 
                  hostile natives and, with the help of the elephants, tarzan 
                  must rescue them.
we get our first glimpse of the infamous tarzan 
                  treehouse. jane is wearing more clothing this time around but 
                  she is still breathtaking. 
having read the big little book, the "lost" 
                  version of this movie sounds even more interesting... 
1939 tarzan finds a son (90 minutes - 
                  video, vcd, dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. maureen o'sullivan. johnny sheffield. a 
                  small plane crashes in the jungle, its only survivor a baby 
                  boy. the baby is rescued by cheetah and taken to tarzan's home. 
                  he and jane raise the child as their own and name him boy. 
later, a safari arrives looking for the lost 
                  plane. the safari, jane and boy manage to get captured by (you 
                  guessed it) hostile natives and, after a breathtaking escape 
                  by boy, are rescued by tarzan and his elephant friends.
i love this movie. it is exciting and i always 
                  wished (and i sometimes still do) i could be boy... 
1941 tarzan's secret treasure (81 minutes 
                  - video, vcd, dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. maureen o'sullivan. johnny sheffield. boy 
                  runs away in search of civilization. he winds up in a plague-infested 
                  native village and is rescued by a safari on a scientific expedition. 
                  they, in turn, are rescued by tarzan.
boy unknowingly informs the less scrupulous 
                  members of the party of the existence of gold in tarzan's jungle 
                  and the adventure begins. the safari, along with jane and boy, 
                  are captured by natives and tarzan (with the elephants) must 
                  save his family.
another great weissmuller/o'sullivan movie. 
                  lots of fun and the o'doul character is excellent. 
1942 tarzan's new york adventure (71 
                  minutes - video, vcd, dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. maureen o'sullivan. johnny sheffield. believing 
                  tarzan and jane are dead, boy is kidnapped/taken to new york 
                  city, where he is put to work in a circus. tarzan and jane track 
                  him down and must fight for his custody in court. that doesn't 
                  go well so tarzan takes it upon himself (with the help of the 
                  elephants) to get boy back.
i think everybody remembers this one. tarzan 
                  in a suit! with the exception of the scene where tarzan dives 
                  off the bridge (and an unnecessarily racist phone gag), i like 
                  everything about this movie. 
johnny sheffield, in an unsuccessful attempt 
                  to get me to increase this film to 5 star status, reminded me 
                  the film, "contains shots of the only baby elephant act 
                  ever trained or filmed! george emerson, the animal trainer for 
                  metro goldwin mayer, was primarily a "bull" (elephant) 
                  trainer, and he trained sally, happy, & queeny in the baby 
                  elephant act conducted by boy and presided over by cheetah." 
                  
1943 tarzan triumphs (78 minutes - dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. frances gifford. johnny sheffield. tarzan 
                  battles the nazis as they try to enslave the hidden city of 
                  palandria. jane has returned to london to be with her sick mother, 
                  but boy manages to get captured. "now tarzan make war!" 
                  declares tarzan before he begins to pick off the germans one 
                  by one.
frances gifford played nyoka in one of my favorite 
                  republic serials, jungle girl (which, by the way, has some of 
                  the coolest vine-swinging scenes you will ever see). 
1943 tarzan's desert mystery (70 minutes 
                  - dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. nancy kelly. johnny sheffield. jane sends 
                  a request for tarzan's fever medicine to aide allied soldiers 
                  who have contracted jungle fever. tarzan and boy journey across 
                  a great desert to retrieve the vines needed for the medicine. 
                  they get mixed up in a spy plot involving an arab prince, a 
                  wild stallion, and a beautiful american performer.
tarzan battles a giant spider that has to be 
                  seen to be believed.......
1945 tarzan and the amazons (76 minutes 
                  - dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. brenda joyce. johnny sheffield. jane returns, 
                  but she isn't miss o'sullivan. an archaeological team arrives 
                  in search of the lost amazon city of palmeria. tarzan refuses 
                  to help them, but they trick boy into helping them and go on 
                  anyway. tarzan saves both the city's relics and boy in the nick 
                  of time.
 1946 
                  tarzan and the leopard woman (72 minutes - dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. brenda joyce. johnny sheffield. trader caravans 
                  are being ambushed by an evil leopard cult. their leader is 
                  the beautiful, but deadly, priestess lea. her twisted little 
                  brother is sent to spy on tarzan and his family ... providing 
                  the perfect foil for boy. tarzan rescues four teachers, boy, 
                  and jane from the cult in a crashing finish.
 i gave this one 3 stars because weissmuller 
                  got himself back in shape for it and the villainess is very 
                  cool. 
1947 tarzan and the huntress (72 minutes 
                  - dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. brenda joyce. johnny sheffield. animal trappers 
                  come to capture animals for the zoos. they want more than they 
                  are legally allowed and have king farrod, a friend of tarzan's, 
                  killed to avoid the quota. tarzan gets involved and rescues 
                  the animals and makes sure the king's son, prince suli assumes 
                  the throne.
this movie marks boy's last appearance. sheffield 
                  went on to be  bomba, 
                  the jungle boy, in his own film series. 
1948 tarzan and the mermaids (68 minutes 
                  - dvd)
 
                  johnny weissmuller. brenda joyce. tarzan travels to aquatania, 
                  a forbidden island land, to free its people from a corrupt high 
                  priest. tarzan dives from a perilously high cliff and battles 
                  a giant octopus before unmasking aquatania's pagan god and saving 
                  the day.
 weissmuller's last tarzan. he went on to star 
                  in 16  jungle jim movies, 
                  some of which, aren't too bad. 


tarzan® 
                      is the property of edgar rice burroughs, inc., tarzana ca
                      this independent reference to, and appreciation of, the 
                      tarzan movies is copyright © 1995-2011 matt winans 
                      originally posted in october 1995 - last modified 01 july 2011

send comments/criticisms/fan mail to 
 web-host
maintained in memorial to matt winans (1964-2008)tarzan movie guide (d/b/a brady world) is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.














