

western carolina university - school of music

































































































skip to main content







 


news & events


get the latest

wcu stories
for the media
events calendar
catamount sports

venues

bardo arts center
ramsey activity center


give to wcu


partner with us

make a gift now
emergency assistance fund
giving tuesday
one day for western
ways to give


quick links


student resources

mywcu
canvas
email
it help
library
bookstore
academic calendar
students accounts

campus resources

jobs at wcu
campus map

campus location

visit wcu
main campus
wcu in asheville

find people

faculty directory
staff directory
experts
contact us


  
search the wcu site    



admissions & aid
academics
student life
athletics
alumni
about





school of music







school of music

connect with us


 wcu school of music facebook




explore wcu

admissions & aid
academics
student life
athletics
alumni
about











perform. produce. conduct. teach.








academic programs & support
departments, schools & colleges
david orr belcher college of fine and performing arts
school of music






school of music
western carolina university's school of music provides student musicians with academic,
                  performance, and recording experiences that prepare them for careers in the profession.
                  from our award-winning pride of the mountains marching band to our regionally acclaimed
                  music education and commercial music & audio production programs, our students are
                  surrounded by excellence. students who wish to major or minor in music must be accepted
                  academically to the university and by live audition to the school of music.

about the school of music
ensembles
pride of the mountains
faculty and staff
calendar of events
academic scholarship
2025 woodwind festival

admission and audition information







degree programs




bachelor of arts (b.a.) in music



bachelor of arts (b.a.) in music, music industry



bachelor of music (b.m.), in performance



bachelor of music (b.m.), commercial music and audio production 



bachelor of music (b.m./b.s.ed), music education



music minor






about our studios



bassoon
our bassoon studio is led by dr. will peebles, who in addition to being an accomplished
                           musician has a small collection of historic double reed instruments.


clarinet
the clarinet studio is led by dr. shannon thompson, who performs with the asheville
                           and hendersonville symphonies and teaches in the summers at interharmony international
                           music festival in arcidosso, italy.


flute
the flute studio is led by dr. kelariz keshavarz, co-founder of petrichor records
                           and artistic director of the pr young iranian composers project. she has performed
                           at many venues including the tehran contemporary music festival, world flute festival,
                           and the international chamber music festival of barranquilla. 


horn
wcu's horn studio is led by dr. travis bennett, who regularly performs with orchestras
                           around the southeast and has performed in concert tours in china, germany, and jamaica.


jazz guitar & bass
dr. chris beyt, a jazz guitarist, bassist, composer, recording engineer, and educator,
                           leads wcu's jazz guitar studio. he has performed with distinguished artists such as
                           dave liebman, michael league, randy brecker, and the mobile symphony orchestra.


jazz piano
jazz pianists will study with pavel wlosok, a czech pianist, composer, and educator. pavel
                           is a 2000 iaje gil evans fellowship recipient and has performed with jazz greats bobby
                           watson, joe lovano, kenny wheeler and more.


performance technology private lesson studio
the performance technology private lesson studio is taught by dr. chris lock.  students
                           can learn to make music with the latest daws, launchpads, and analog synthesizers.


oboe
oboe players will study with dr. ann valle, an accomplished performer and teacher
                           who previously taught at stetson university.


percussion
wcu's percussion studio is led by dr. amy yin, an advocate of new solo and chamber
                           music for percussion. 


piano
wcu pianists will study with either dr. andrew adams or dr. leonidas lagrimas, both
                           accomplished pianists and pedagogues with decades of performance and teaching experience. 
                           students can train in classical and commercial styles.


saxophone
the wcu saxophone studio is led by dr. ian jeffress, the alto saxophonist of the award-winning assembly
                           quartet, and saxophonist with the asheville symphony orchestra.


trombone
students studying trombone will train under dr. zsolt szabo, the principal trombone
                           of the brevard philharmonic orchestra and previously the principal trombone of the
                           ars viva symphony orchestra in chicago.


tuba
the tuba studio at wcu is led by dr. nick beltchev, a highly accomplished performer.


trumpet
trumpet students at wcu study with dr. p. bradley ulrich, who also performs with the
                           asheville symphony orchestra and serves as executive director of the trumpet festival
                           of the southeast.


voice
whether your musical interests lie in classical, broadway, jazz, opera, or gospel,
                           the vocal and choral music program at western carolina university offers a wide array
                           of opportunities.







live audition requirement

explore the admission and audition process




discover more

school of music alumni
arts and entrepreneurship program







quick linksquick links

maps and locations
library
careers at wcu
emergency information
title ix office


faculty & staff resourcesfaculty & staff resources

faculty directory
staff directory
email
human resources
space reservations


student resourcesstudent resources

canvas
mywcu
academic calendar


family resourcesfamily resources

wcu family tips
family weekend
student accounts
financial aid


community resourcescommunity resources

community classes
programs for kids
community engagement and service learning
mountain heritage center
other community resources





© copyright 
         			 
         			by western carolina university
         			1 university drive, cullowhee, nc828.227.7211contact wcuprivacy statement




















office of web services




















