












welcome to middlebury inn | historic new england hotel in middlebury, vt












































802-388-4961
reservations@middleburyinn.com



facebook




middlebury inn




middlebury inn


 





facebook




middlebury inn




middlebury inn



 












rooms

packages
amenities
accessible rooms


our inn

waterfalls day spa
vip program
porter mansion


weddings and events

weddings
events
meetings
bus tours
testimonials
photo gallery


dining

morgan’s tavern


location & map

directions and map
activities
attractions


contact us

contact us
privacy policy
reservation policy
cookie policy


 


select page


  
 
 

























































welcome to the middlebury inn







walk through the doors of the middlebury inn and feel the warmth of new england hospitality that has been our tradition for generations. look out over the beautiful middlebury town green from our front porch and experience a place that’s been a part of vermont’s history since 1827.
as a full service hotel with 71 guestrooms, the inn offers unparalleled food, drink and lodging with all of the comforts and modern conveniences travelers have come to expect from a grand hotel.

make a reservation













guest rooms


each of our 71 guest rooms are uniquely styled and in harmony with the inn’s historical character. rooms feature modern amenities such as high-speed wireless internet access, cable hd tv, hairdryers, heat lamps, cotton robes, work desks, and more, combining convenience with traditional elegance.

make a reservation







morgan’s tavern

“a fresh take on a historic public house, morgan’s tavern is arguably the town’s no. 1 gathering place for locals and visitors. the menu leapfrogs from traditional new england fare to creative fusions by the executive chef.”
– rochelle lash, travel columnist, montreal gazette

reserve a table















historic middlebury package

the middlebury inn has been welcoming guests since 1827 and is located overlooking the village greens in the historic downtown. experience everything that middlebury’s historic and lively downtown has to offer with this exclusive package!

book package





select photos on this page by sunset hill photography






 








 








 






 






 






facebook




middlebury inn




middlebury inn


copyright © 2018 middlebury inn | 14 court square, middlebury, vt 05753 | 802-388-4961 | contact 










































 












 





