


herb allure - nature's sunshine (nsp) distributors














    better research, better health
 










products 










forum 










request 
                catalog 










win a prize 











contact us 









 










nsp distributors










cutting-edge health resources










educate yourself 










 warm buddies










photo gallery

 






























 












 
facebook





 
youtube





 
screen share






 

















 




 










 




hot topics




 




 





 
my 
                mercury story




 




i  solved all these problems in a single day: weight gain, depression, thinning hair, fatigue, constipation, candida, anxiety, insomnia, low 
                          blood sugar, immune weakness, ringing in the ears (tinnitus), tingling 
                           hands & feet, feeling hot or cold, grinding 
                          teeth at night, oily skin, sweating during sleep, heartburn, cracking joints, tight & twitching muscles, poor memory, shyness, fear of commitment, fear of confrontation, apathy about personal issues (money/property/health), short attention span, poor reading comprehension, and more!!




 





 
it's not my job




 




not working to save our health freedoms? you're doing just what your opponents are hoping you'll do!




 





 
the media center




 




streaming media for your education and enjoyment.




 





 
herb allure studies




 




conducting experiments and sharing knowledge for   everyone's benefit. 




 





 
"we become silent"




 




free video: the dangers of codex and free trade agreements.




 





 
"looking for truth..."




 




florida is working hard to eliminate your health freedoms: free video.




 





 
are we all lab rats?




 




public law 105-85 allows testing on humans & you've already consented!




 





 
chemtrails




 




phenomenon of the new world.
                what on earth is a chemtrail?




 





 
forced 
                vaccines & drugs




 




some politicians think this is a great idea. find out who!




 





 
mercury 
                resources




 




the most prevalent health issue 
                of our time &  big-pharma's dirty secret!




 





 
health news




 




trusting mainstream media for all your news? better think again.




 





 
modern biblical wisdom




 




seen all the drug commercials?
                the bible said it was coming.




 




business tools




 




 





 
tell 
                  a friend




 




help someone you care about. tell them about herb allure.




 





 
spanish 
                tools available




 




many of our products are available in spanish.




 





 
website hosting




 




let herb allure host your website and provide your email services.




 





 
mynsp name shortener




 




give your mynsp website a second, shorter, easier-to-remember name.




 





 
essential nsp tools




 




successful nsp distributors have powerful business-building secrets.




 





 
health training courses




 




whether helping others or protecting your family; knowledge is power.




 




internet tools




 




 





 
the 
                nsp exchange




 




connect with other nsp distributors right now!




 





 
search engine submit




 




register your website with the most important search engines.




 





 
technical 
                report




 




get a live view of what websites can learn about you.




 





 
live 
                chat




 




connect with others on this website in our live chat room.




 





 
currency 
                converter




 




easily convert between dozens of currencies.




 





 
browser 
                upgrade




 




these convenient links help you keep your internet browser updated.




 




information




 




 





 
herb allure winners




 




winners are everywhere, especially considering all the contests we have!




 





 
sign 
                our guestbook




 




we love to hear from our visitors.
                  stop by and leave us a note.




 





 
copyrights




 




copyright laws enable us to continue providing cutting-edge health information. learn how. 




 





 
who 
                we are




 




get to know us...
                personally.




 





 
credits




 




links to people  who help make the internet great.




 



 
 





welcome to herb allure...
      					we supply the world's finest alternative health education & support books, videos and courses. our unique inventory is hand-selected for nature's sunshine (nsp) distributors, natural health professionals, and for absolutely everyone interested in improving the quality of their life and health, naturally.



products for
                      		everyone

tools  for
                      		nsp distributors

spanish tools for
                      		nsp distributors

 



save $10 - sale ends friday (march 29th)

did you miss the virtual summit?

get access to all the recorded sessions
including vip bonus sessions
 glandular system health, 
                          pet health
                          simple sprouting, 
              restorative bodywork &
              vip sessions below:
              
all session recordings - only $47*
*you receive access through july 31st to watch any time.




available for a limited time

  additional 15% off - ends friday ! 


this may be your last chance to get these 
  epic business-building tools.
when they're gone, they're gone!
hart book for nsp- 15% off - only $84.15
							thru friday, february 21st, 7pm et
hart nsp master reference - perfect bound softcover book 
 contains all nsp supplements.
                          over 700 pages of in-depth nsp product information.
this is the book that started it all.
more info...


hart e-book - on sale $99
hart nsp master reference - e-book for portable devices
for android, iphone, kindle, pc & mac computers (and more)
      					contains over 1200 pages of detailed, scientific nsp 
   					product information you can take with you everywhere.
more info...

hart on cd - on sale $199
hart nsp master reference - computer program
for windows desktop/laptop computers.
contains all nsp supplements.
     					includes ailments, ingredients, and word-search.
     					print & e-mail documents anywhere.
more info...


nsp shelf tags ("shelf talkers")
nsp product labels for your shelves

new 2023 prices 
								  available








save $10 - sale ends friday (march 29th)
click here for more info

hart on web



hart on web testimonial
"when i finally decided to go ahead & invest in my "hart on web" website (from herb allure), i put a link to it through my main website & really started driving people there, encouraging them to read & learn about the products i was suggesting, before placing their order.
well, once they read about their products, many were curios & went on to read about other nsp products.
well, it's amazing how the purchase of 1 or 2 extra products from each client adds up.
i went from an average of $3000 a month in (online) sales to $5000 the very next month! and it has been consistently going up.
i'm now seeing more people order online and others re-ordering who haven't ordered for a while.
the only regret? i should have gotten a hart website a year ago when i first learned about it!"
kim,
kissimmee, fl


read more about hart on web... 
watch the introductory video...

our most popular  products
check out our most popular products



footprints on the path e-book
 electronic a-to-z ailment guide for nsp products. this handy e-book is contains 250+ health topics. a must-have for new distributors and nsp customers alike! works on kindle, android, iphone, ipad, blackberry, pc, mac and others. more...





healthy pet herb guide - new 2017 edition
 the "must-have" nsp health reference for your 4-legged "best friends."  more...





pet health charts: cats, dogs, horses, birds
 learning all about natural pet health care and being able to use herbal medicine, homeopathy, acupressure and flower essence remedies is easy and fun using our pet health charts.  more...


newest products
the newest additions to our product line (view all products)



nsp shelf tags" - 2023 prices
 nsp product labels for your shelves. customers get educated while shopping! saves you time...no more pricing every product! more...





become a certified aromatherapist
                		(new online courses available)
 welcome to the jennscents® aromaversity™ – your online university for aromatherapy certifications and skilled trade training in essential oils and phyto-aromatherapy custom blending skill development. the jennscents® aromatherapy certification course program is a 368-hour online, home-study program for everyone from aromatherapy beginners and enthusiasts to clinical professionals and those wanting to integrate aromatherapy into their business.





holistic aromatherapy comprehensive guide
 your "everything" aromatherapy guide for the aromatherapy enthusiast! includes information about history, folklore, doctrine of signatures, safety, quality, application methods, over 100 essential oil profiles, over 35 carrier profiles, chemistry, blending techniques, over 65 recipes and more...


meet some of our authors
  (view all authors)






dr. sherri tenpenny


dr. tenpenny is the world's leading researcher & lecturer in the area of vaccine safety more...






steven horne


reknowned health educator steven horne is an icon in his field. see his life-changing books & courses! more...


 
 



jennifer hochell pressimone


a professional member of naha since 2004, director since 2005. more...



 




hot products
 currently popular products (view all products)



saying no to vaccines
 everything you need to protect yourself and defend your decision to say no to vaccines. it also contains forms, laws, statistics, and information that will help you educate your loved ones.  more...





amalgam illness: diagnosis & treatment
 in-depth information about the diagnosis and detox of mercury poisoning. technical, yet very readable. this is definitely the best book we've found on this subject.  more...





hair test interpretation
 could you be suffering from "hidden" toxicities? heavy metal toxicity is one of the most prevalent causes of modern disease. learn about the myriad of effects of heavy metals and how to interpret hair analysis test results.   more...


protect your health freedoms
freedom isn't free — let's work together



it's not my job
                		(take action now!)

free online video:
                		"we become silent"

a special message
                		from kevin miller


news & information
things you may want to know about



deadly chemtrails!
 airborne aluminum, barium, and strontium just may be the new cause of numerous diseases and conditions worldwide. more...





tell a friend about herb allure
                when your nsp downline knows about the powerful business-building tools that herb allure provides, you both win! go now...





build your business by helping others
                our "nsp exchange" forum is an effective tool for reaching and helping potential customers. use this online service to freely advertise your nsp business. go now... 





important health issues!
                take a moment to educate yourself about these important health-related issues. be part of the solution. go now...





the bible speaks about modern drugs
biblical sorcery & modern drugs
                  		biblical reference to "sorcery..." 
bible on end time pharmaceuticals
                  		"...by your medication were all the nations deceived."
bible on medication
	"...they did not repent of their medication..."
bible on those "outside the city"
                		"...but outside are sorcerers..."





do you care?
                we do! this is why we're always searching for new products that help people. do you have one? please drop us a line and let us know how you'd like to become part of the solution. contact us...


visit the herb allure reference 
thanks for visiting! come back soon.
nature's sunshine business building
            		build nsp business
            		building nsp businesses
            		nsp business tools
return policy / privacy policy
herb allure return policy
herb allure privacy policy



top 













copyright 1997 - 2023 herb allure, inc.




