






metro imaging - professional photo printing and fine art giclee printing
























































 

















 
















40 years of printing020 7865 0000our workaboutcontactorder nowprintingbespoke vs self-servicephoto printinggiclee printingblack & white photo printingdirect to media uv printingorder a sample packturnaround timesprovenance services & certificatesmounting & framingmountingpicture framingturnaround timesfilm & scanningphotographic scanningfilm developingfilm for salestudentsdrop shippingpricesorder nowabout uscontact us020  7865 0000
forty years of art printing, mounting & framing
for the traditionalists, we also offer film sales, scanning and film developing.
forty years of art printing, mounting & framing +



trustpilot


we offer the following types of printingc type professional photo printing
we have been printing the highest quality c-type prints for decades and digital c-types produced on our lambda have the archival and tonal benefits of traditional photographic papers, with the advantages of digital photo printing. c-types are a conventional photographic print from a digital file, and as such is the most suitable option when printing a colour photograph.
fine art giclée printing
we have hahnemuhle and canson giclée certified studio staus and with over 30 years experience in photographic printing we use the most advanced inkjet technologies. giclée is a gallery-quality inkjet print onto fine art watercolour paper. this is most suitable for art illustrations, but can also be used for colour and b&w photographs.
black & white printing
we have worked in collaboration with harman technology to develop genuine b&w silver gelatin fibre-based and resin-coated photographic prints from digital files. the resin-coated is suitable for most types of b&w printing, and fibre-based is ideal for exhibition quality.
direct to media printing
direct to media printing is exactly that; we print your image directly to a substrate of your choice. be it paper, card, aluminium, perspex, canvas, wood, slate… our jetrix uv inkjet flatbed printer can print on any flat surface up to 3m x 2m, less than 10cm thick. to ensure your material is suitable, we can print test prints around a4 in size.
vinyl printing
vinyl phototex is chosen for its high-quality giclée finish as well as its ease of application to wall or mounting material due to its self-adhesive properties. we can print on vinyl using our direct to media printer, in strips of 1.5m x 3m and these can be applied to the wall in the fashion of wallpaper to cover a complete wall or interior.

framing & mountingpicture framing
whether you have photographic prints or original art, our bespoke framing service provides expertly hand framed work by our talented finishing team. we have facilities to mount and frame works tup to 10ft x 6ft.
photo mounting
photographic mounting is a great way to present your photographs for exhibitions or the home. surfaces such as mdf and foamex are prized for durability, mdf for rigidity, foamboard for lightweight versatility. reverse perspex is ideal for vibrant colours and aluminium adds a modern twist.

scanning & film servicesscanning
our top-of-the-range photographic film scanning department consists of a drum and flatbed scanner, capable of capturing exceptional detail and tone; as well as flatbed scanning and ccd scans.
film developing
at metro imaging, we have consistently processed photographic film for more than thirty years using the very best dip and dunk photo processing for transparency (e6), negative (c41) and black and white film
film sales
we offer a wide range of  colour and black & white film for sale. our film is all official uk stock. film can be sent out by royal mail, collected from us in london ec1, or delivered in central london on our green bikes.

 

iconic imagesiconic images has worked with metro imaging for ten years, printing fine-art prints from the archives of terry o’neill, norman parkinson, ed caraeff and many others. 



lisa farrellmetro’s professionalism, quality & genuine dedication to photographic talent make them our number one choice for exhibition production & printing. 



mariano vivancothroughout the 15 years we have worked with metro i have consistently been able to rely on quality and high-level standards in every area of the print process. 



mark edwardsmetro have produced all my work for the past 15 years. from publications and small exhibitions to museum shows, everything is handled with attention to detail, care and professionalism. 



robin muir, vogue 100at vogue and national portrait gallery we really can say, without any question how much we appreciated all the work metro put in. 






sample packcan’t decide which paper is right for you? then why not order one of our sample packs! – each pack contains a range of our most popular papers including:
ctype gloss, matt, velvet and metallic
b&w fibre based gloss and matt and resin coated lustre
giclee hanemuhle photo rag, german etching and fine art baryta; somerset photo satin and velvet enhanced; canson photo satin and gloss
packs cost £6 including postage and vat. enter your details below to place your order. orders placed before 4 pm on weekdays are normally dispatched the same day. just remember to tick the free sample pack postage option on checkout.
samples of our printing, mounting and framing, can also be seen at our front of house in our london lab.
buy now
a few of our clients 

 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 




 






trustpilot
sign up to our newslettersign up to our newsletter





student?  (check box for student offers and discounts) 





sign up

leave this field empty if you're human: 

metro imaging
32 great sutton street
london, ec1v onb


enquiries@metroimaging.co.uk
020 7865 0000

instagramfacebooklinkedinfaqsnewsabout uscontact usterms and conditionsprivacy policygreen credentialsgiclee printinglarge photo printingwhat is a digital c-type print?exhibition production servicesdrop shippingstudentsby appointment to
his majesty the king
photographic printer and supplier


 menu


 


 















