













what is new thought?  new thought beliefs, new thought facts, new thought history and new thought news = new thought info about new thought today - 




























































		what is new thought?
		



		new thought beliefs
		



		new thought practices
		



		new thought questions
		



		new thought holidays
		



		new thought education
		



		new thought texts
		




 

	new thought beliefs
	



		mental science
		



		christian new thought
		



		buddhist new thought
		



		new thought 3.1 beliefs
		



		csl new thought
		



		unity new thought
		



		divineunity
		



		divine science beliefs
		



		taoist new thought
		







	new thought faq
	



		new thought holidays
		



		new thought practices
		



		new thought forms
		



		new thought 3.1
		



		new thought today
		



		new thought history
		



		new thought news
		







	spiritual resources
	



		new thought library
		


		new thought centers
		


		interfaith wedding directory
		


		daily new thought wisdom
		


		new thought books
		


        creative living foundation
		


		new thought schools
		


		new thought training
		


		new thought day
		

















what is new thought?


new thought for the new millennium 






what is new thought?


explore new thought beliefs











more new thought resources:       






















































what is new thought?



what is new thought versus "late new thought"?


new thought is a spiritual path or movement formed primarily by suffragettes. abolitionists 
and free thinkers guided by core concepts which include: co-creation, 
	human rights and scientific thinking.
	

	new thought teachings are based on the observation of universal spiritual principles 
undergirding all spiritual paths and religions. new thought recognizes that the 
driving force which serves as a crucible for personal and social transformation is "as we 
change our thinking, we change our lives."   this is the same 
	principle which underpins cognitive psychology.

	the 1914 book 
	message of new thought defines new thought spirituality as "a 
	term used to convey the idea of growing or developing thought. in 
	considering this subject, the word "new" should be duly and freely 
	emphasized, because the expression "new thought" relates only to what is new 
	and progressive."  

	while there is some wonderful folklore regarding the 
	orgins of new thought, 
	new thought history is not as simple as some would depict it, nor as complex 
	as others choose to make it.  


	these core concepts of original new thought 
are the basis of new thought today / new thought 3.1 and provide the reason why new thought 
millennials embrace the 
		
		universal declaration of human rights (udhr) 
	for guidance in principle and practice.  


there are many wonderful new thought organizations with diverse root texts and a variety of approaches to those texts and distinct methods of teaching.  
it is important to do your research both through reading and also through 
visiting various new thought communities to determine the best fellowship for 
you. 

 in the light of the powerful resurgence of new thought in the form of new 
	thought 3.1 evidenced by increasing patronage of
	www.newthoughtlibrary.com,  
	we examine why "late new thought" communities have declining attendance 
	and "late new thought" talks, including videos on the web hold little appeal, 
	and contrast this with the wide appeal of original new thought texts and media, 
	and why new thought leaders teaching 
	new thought 3.1 are attracting growing audiences. 

	this examination 
	supports new thought seekers to understand why their visits to late new 
	thought communities are not always inspiring, in contrast to their 
	explorations of original new thought teachings and the works built upon 
	those teachings which reveal a dynamic and wonderful spiritual path which is 
	both uplifting and practical.  these insights should also help new 
	thought leaders with an interest in growing attendance at their communities 
	to comprehend why 49% of late new thought communities have closed since 1999 
	and begin the process of personal change necessary to rekindling the 
	spiritual light within themselves and thus rebuilding attendance at their 
	communities.

	we will look at what led to such a dramatic shrinkage and why attendance at 
	late new 
	thought communities continued shrinking, such that from 2011 to 2015,  
	an additional 21% of those communities closed.  

	serving new thought is the brain child of dr. avalon, doc spot and a group 
	other compassionate souls.  
	we understood that by serving new thought adherents and spiritual seekers with a universal new thought 
	directory, and comprehensive online library of new thought texts and media 
	we empower millions of people around the globe with new thought 
	spiritual teachings.   we know for such endeavors to thrive we 
	must adhere to principles which support exploration of spirituality without 
	favoritism toward any particular group, and we must illuminate the truth 
	with love and kindness while avoiding the tendency to fall into meaningless 
	fluff through equivocation or avoidance of handling hard issues. 

	it should be noted that this work 
	was not embraced by "late new thought" leaders.  we even received 
	letters from the leader of one organization expressing his anger that we 
	process new thought texts in the public domain and place them online 
	in the www.newthoughtlibrary.com for free.  we 
	do this because we believe in new thought.  writers / owners can 
	provide permission in writing for their works to be included.   

	we remind all readers that through love of new thought and 
	illumination of the truth of the evolution of this spiritual path, we are 
	seeing record numbers of new thought adherents.  we appreciate your 
	financial support helping us continue this work.  

	our early efforts were not informed by an awareness of 
	the distortions and deviations from the original new thought teachings which 
	occurred in the latter half of the 20th century and are now termed "late new 
	thought."  as we built these resources and were joined by others in 
	expanding them, we discovered increasing amounts of important texts which 
	reveal the truth of new thought origins, the importance of primal new 
	thought and why new thought is such a powerful spiritual path.

	as mentioned above, since 1999, 49% of new thought centers have closed.  
	these closures are due to sad and useless deviations on the part of some late 
	new thought leaders away from the original principles and core concepts of 
	new thought.  

	new thought millennials call this phenomena: the
	
	thrall.  perhaps the thrall occurred due to a lack of knowledge 
	about original new thought, perhaps this lack was encouraged through 
	"folklore" and "mythologies" which supported particular institutions or 
	points of view but did not serve new thought seekers and were not in 
	alignment with original new thought principles and core concepts.  whatever 
	led to the thall is not as important as the fact that through recognizing 
	it, we can place it firmly in the past as an aberration and remember it as a 
	lesson for the future.

	those who fell under the
	
	thrall embraced fu-ism, "prosperity gospels,"and at times deviated 
	so far from the original tenets of new thought as to embrace eddyism / illusionism.   
	as our research shows, early new thought adherents rejected eddyism / 
	illusionism and her teachings which were characterized by narcissism.   
	the late new thought leaders who fell under the thrall were like zombie orb 
	weaver spiders turned into slaves by parasitic wasp larva which causes them 
	to deviate from highest good, then die in the ignoble cause of building the 
	larva's cocoon.  their communities slowly died due to zombie adherence 
	to fu-ism etc...

	early new thought leaders embraced the core concepts of co-creation, human 
	rights and scientific thinking which included embracing evolution leading to 
	the concept of spiritual evolution which teaches that not only do life forms 
	evolve, so do thought forms.

	for eddyism / illusionism to be included in new thought, we would have 
	to go against mary baker eddy's own teachings which reject such an inclusion.  
	then we would have to reject the multitude of extant works which point out 
	the absolute absurdity of christian science / eddyism and point out the huge 
	differences between new thought versus eddyism.  such a leap 
	would entail using folklore and mythology to 
	forward such a distortion.  the consequence of such distortions are not 
	pretty.  in fact this is why new thought millennials call such 
	absurdities: the
	
	thrall. 

	new 
thought is at times called "truth 
teaching" because universal spiritual principles grounded 
within ancient wisdom confirmed by scientific thought are empowering truths 
	which support people to be happier and healthier.  this is why the
	
	thrall represents a temporary degeneration from original new thought 
	teachings with the dire consequence of dramatic shrinkage of attendance at 
	late new thought communities led by ministers under the thrall.

	teachings which 
encourage callousness, lead to inhumane behaviors that culminate in the abuse of 
human rights and a degeneration of civil society; such teachings are not 
new thought teachings.

new thought 3.1 is growing and thriving 
because of its embrace of the 
udhr, inclusive understanding of universal 
spiritual principles, and science as a way of thinking.

	attendance is fading at late new thought centers whose leaders fell under what new 
	thought millennials call "the 
	
	thrall". the thrall resulted in the closing of over 49% of new thought communities since 1999.  
	new thought millennials feel the decline in attendance at late new thought 
	communities  is simply the function of spiritual evolution eliminating 
	those leaders less fit to provide proper leadership.

	 new thought 3.1 has more adherents 
	by percentage and numbers than any of the late new thought forms.  as 
	today's new thought leadership awakens from the thrall and returns to the 
	universal spiritual principles / truth teachings, attendance at new thought 
	communities will grow.
reasons that new thought 3.1 is growing:





	new thought 3.1 includes the udhr
	▲

the udhr is the
		
		universal declaration of human rights.  new thought millennials consider this to be the highest spiritual teaching which flowed to humanity through humanity.  all previous spiritual teachings that do not agree with the 
		udhr are no longer valid and must be discarded.  
	




	new thought 3.1 recognizes a spectrum of new thought
	▲

while late new thought characteristically leans heavily on 
		
		abrahamic thought, or in some cases 
		vedic thought, 
		new thought 3.1 includes new thought paths which use
		buddhist, 
		taoist, 
		as well as indigenous teachings as their primary foundation while remaining inclusive regarding wisdom which aligns with the 
		udhr. 
		new thought 3.1 
		includes abrahamic and
		vedic thought 
		but is not limited by these ancient thought forms. 
		new thought 3.1 
		recognizes that neither
		
		abrahamic thought, nor
		vedic thought 
		are the summation of, nor a limitation on new thought. 
	




	new thought 3.1 embraces compassionate action
	▲

		in the latter half of the 20th century, some new thought leaders began 
		discarding the original new thought teachings embracing odd concepts 
		that had nothing to do with new thought.  this was primarily due to 
		post world war 2 economic transformations in the united states which 
		emphasized salesmanship over creativity.  the consequence of this 
		shift had negative 
		effects across the spectrum of society including new thought organizations.  under "the thrall" of delusions engendered through what wisdom holders 
		have recognized as nonsense teachings, some spiritual leaders embraced fu-ism.   
		fu-ism is a teaching which centers on the self without regard to others. while 
		fu-ism may be empowering in some professions.  
		fu-ism is characterized by the old dominator paradigm and is thus 
		antagonistic to the new thought core concept of co-creation.  
		fu-ism is therefore diametrically opposed to the partnership paradigm.  
		in light of the evidence provided by the recent economic cataclysm 
		created through a partnership between phil gramm and the clintons, it is 
		clear that spiritual leaders embracing compassionate action will not be 
		aligned with either party, but rather 
		with humanity.  we need sensible leadership capable of 
		learning the lessons of the past and making decisions in the future 
		which will lead to a better future for the greatest amount of people.  
		new thought teaches that change begins within, 
		and new thought adherents have a responsibility to co-create a more compassionate world.   
		new thought leaders are tasked to be life long learners who understand 
		that wisdom is manifested through the combination of knowledge with 
		compassion.




	new thought 3.1 understands the importance of riane eisler's partnership paradigm
	▲

 
new thought 3.1 embraces the truth that a core teaching of new thought is co-creation.  
		riane eisler's work on the partnership paradigm illustrates the power of 
		co-creation in maintaining and creating a more compassionate world. riane eisler recognizes and explores this 
		potent paradigm in her works which form a core set of teachings for
		new thought 3.1.   
		   
	




	new thought 3.1 rejects "bodies without souls"
	▲

		the word corporation can be broken down to: corpor = bodya = 
		withoutratio = soula corporation is a legal entity created by 
		the filing of papers with a state.  it is essentially a "body 
		without a soul."  within the united states, the 14th amendment has 
		been exploited to extend the concept of "corporate personhood" to such 
		legal entities granting them the rights of living people.  this odd 
		extension presents a clear and present danger to all people because a 
		stack of papers does not have thoughts or feelings and is unable to 
		demonstrate  the responsibility that are generally concomitant with 
		human rights.  the new millennium ushered in the most bizarre 
		legal manipulation ever conceived when the u.s. supreme court 
		essentially ruled that political bribery in the u.s. is legal, through a 
		ruling titled citizens united.  the results of this ruling 
		were joyfully summed up by u.s. politician mitt romney as meaning: 
		"corporations are people, my friend." new thought millennials reject 
		the concept that a stack of papers can have more than a limited set of 
		rights and assert that human rights must always be given deference vis a 
		vis the rights of "corporate persons."  we believe that human beings 
		are people and corporations are stacks of papers not qualified to have 
		the same rights as a living natural person.  we believe the highest 
		and most profound spiritual wisdom imparted to humanity through humanity 
		is the 
		universal declaration of human rights.  corporations are not 
		people and to manipulate legal interpretations of corporate personhood, 
		to call them such, is a blatant distortion of spiritual truth which opens 
		the door to dreadful consequences.   
	




	new thought 3.1 rejects apocalypticism 
	▲

		while some late new thought adherents spent inordinate amounts of time 
		interpreting the various apocalyptic prophesies of a variety of 
		religions, focusing primarily on the mental illness that manifests 
		through abrahamic traditions.  new thought 3.1 rejects all forms of 
		apocalypticism.  new thought millennials embrace the wisdom taught 
		in chapter 3 of the lotus sutra that apocalyptic prophesies, predicting 
		the world will perish in a pool of fire, are simply nonsense stories 
		designed to manipulate certain people in ancient times.  we know 
		these to be false prophesies leading to dismal and destructive behavior.  
		we are aware of the teaching in chapter 15 of the lotus sutra that when 
		many people fall into such false delusions, the 
		bodhisattvas of the earth will emerge and begin teaching the higher 
		wisdom which will awaken higher wisdom in all who hear.  we 
		understand that the bodhisattvas of the earth are those people with the 
		courage and fortitude to speak the truth even when it is unpopular, 
		especially when the truth is essential to the preservation of life, love 
		and freedom. new thought 3.1 rejects all forms of apocalypticism knowing 
		that this world is a beautiful biosphere worthy of stewardship and care 
		and that all people are worthy of love even if they are suffering from 
		delusions.




	new thought 3.1 recognizes picketty's principles of prosperity 
	▲

		in 2014, thomas picketty published the most important work in economics 
		in over 100 years.  for the first time in history, computers were 
		used to crunch the 
		numbers going all the way back to the 16th century providing insights 
		undergirded by a firm foundation of economic history.  coming on 
		the heels of economic destruction wrought by those who discarded the 
		lessons learned by previous generations, capital in the twenty-first 
		century shows that democracy and human rights provide, those parts 
		of humanity embracing them, the tools to insure ongoing peace and 
		prosperity.  piketty transformed economic discourse through 
		recognizing certain essential principles necessary to maintenance of a 
		society's peace and prosperity: a. universal access to higher education for 
		all tax payers and their children; b. universal provision of health and 
		dental care for all citizens; c. recognition and implementation of the 
		udhr 
		in that society; d. a proper system of taxation which insures that social 
		services, including universal education and provision of health and 
		dental care, are fully funded.  fu-ists ask "why economic inequality 
		matters?"  this is the knee jerk question from anyone who does not 
		understand the power of partnership and importance of opportunity.   
		economic inequality historically leads to internal social dissent, 
		terrorism and revolution.  among the world's nations,
		iceland's parliament, the althing, was formed in 930 by vikings, 
		yet the united states maintains the distinction of being
		oldest republic in the world which has not 
		experienced any radical change.  early founding fathers such 
		as thomas paine and thomas jefferson provided essential paradigms 
		regarding human rights.  early taxation within the usa was based on 
		tariffs and provided protection for nascent industries.  with the 
		evolution of technology and development of new methods of finance, 
		governance had to evolve in order to protect human rights in the face of 
		the overwhelming concentration of wealth by small groups and individuals 
		who had no scruples with regard to the rights of regular folk.in 
		decadent societies human rights are not considered important.  
		generally decadent societies are rooted within cultures that recognize 
		particular religions.  however today's corporations are accruing increasing 
		power throughout the world and through unbridled power due to a failure 
		to regulate these "bodies without souls", thus said entities are increasingly 
		presenting a clear and present danger to the spiritual and material 
		existence of humanity.   this  
		concentration of wealth and consequent accumulation of power is endangering the global biosphere 
		as these entities suppress regulations in order to increase profits.  
		a culture which acts without regard to the rights of humanity to a 
		healthy global biosphere, endangering the safety and well being of all 
		life on earth, is by definition decadent because such actions signal a 
		decay of the underlying foundations of civil society which is leading to 
		destructive patterns that echo the destructive tendencies of previous decadent 
		societies with regard to human rights.






how can existing new thought communities increase attendance?




49% of late new thought communities have closed.
	▲

		since the beginning of the new millennium, 81% of these closures were 
		late new thought centers belonging to old 19th and 20th century 
		"transdenominations", 19% were independent new thought communities. this 
		decline in attendance correlates with the abandonment of key core concepts of 
		new thought by those ministers whose primary mentality was that which 
		the writers term "late new thought."  in 1948, humanity manifested the 
		most important spiritual 
		teaching of all time: the
		
		universal declaration of human rights (udhr).  spiritual leaders that 
		recognized this truth were on the forefront of human spiritual 
		development.  sadly not all spiritual leaders embraced 
		this truth and took on the mantle of leadership to support social 
		transformation in alignment with the highest spiritual teaching.   
		in some cases this was due to the constraints of laws within their 
		societies which codified racial discrimination and thus engendered fear 
		on the part of spiritual leaders to oppose such laws.  today we can 
		see that those spiritual leaders having the character and fortitude to 
		support the udhr are immortal in the memory and respect of humanity 
		throughout the world:  this supports the saying: "those embracing this truth will live forever, those 
		denying it will be cleansed from the memory of humanity, the same as dust in the wind is avoided, 
		and wiped away as useless grime which obscures that to which it clings."
		
new thought embraces the
		
		udhr, and science as a way of thinking.  in some cases 
		ministers with good hearts made the mistake of embracing nonsense 
		teachings which have nothing to do with new thought.  some ministers lost their 
		way in their quest for riches or power at the expense of others.  
		these ministers left the fold, but at times created confusion.  they were not new thought leaders. they were simply spiritual leaders 
		who fell under "the thrall."  great new thought spiritual leaders 
		are compassionate and capable.  while lesser spiritual leaders are 
		looking for a job on the stage, great new thought leaders are the 
		producers behind the scenes.  while at times they in the spotlight, 
		most of the time they are mentoring others.  the great new thought 
		leaders can be recognized by the fact that they are not seeking the 
		greatest number of followers, rather such spiritual leaders are invested 
		in creating the greatest number of teachers.  




teach new thought and avoid new age.
	▲

		some spiritual leaders have purchased "crystal beds" to make money.  
		such individuals are not truly new thought leaders, in fact, they are often the 
		same people offering "pilgrimages" to john of god or pricey seminars in 
		the mountains with the bonus of a "jar of celestial substance."  while 
		john of god is wonderful, we must be cautious to distinguish such new 
		age leaders from new thought spiritual leaders.  we must also 
		recognize that some new thought "transdenominations" are sending conflicting 
		messages through their embrace of such "nonsense teachings".  
		selling nonsense products, or teaching nonsense teachings is not new 
		thought.  nonsense teachings are like the dancing clowns that 
		distract compassionate caretakers enabling alligators in scenic lakes to devour 
		their children.  
		they are not worth the price paid because they are more likely to 
		mislead and delude than to enlighten and empower.   while new age 
		hucksters flog crystal colonics, we are new thought, not new age.  
		some folks may fool themselves into believing that 
		meditation upon a crystal in their rectums is opening the door to 
		success, but this is simply nonsense.  such shaped 
		crystals may slide in easily but are simply hard rocks that smell bad when 
		they are removed from the nether regions. the motor teaching of new thought is that "as we 
		change our thinking, we change our lives."  we don't need nonsense 
		to share this truth.  the only challenge for some spiritual leaders 
		is that heads placed in the nether regions may take more effort to 
		remove than shaped stones.   like the foul fragrance of stones 
		used for crystal colonics,  the consequence of having ones head so 
		positioned is "stinking thinking" which is neither scientific nor 
		spiritual.  if the reader is aware of someone practicing crystal 
		colonics or whose head is so positioned, please demonstrate some 
		compassion by helping such individuals to bring these objects to the 
		light, sanitize them and cease such practices.  new thought truth principles appeal to 
		intelligent compassionate souls.  nonsense appeals to those 
		seeking easy answers and willing to ignore the truth.   
		while the ignorant, or those who are "blind believers," might accept 
		anything; new thought leaders are tasked to present truth teachings.  
		pushing "nonsense teachings" is not new thought.  while lies may be a 
		vehicle for making money, they cannot be purveyed as new thought because lies are not 
		truth.  new thought millennials are not interested in nonsense teachings 
		which do not have a scientific basis.  teach new thought and drop 
		the nonsense.




	practice what we teach!
	▲

while many leaders trained in the new thought movement of the late 20th century teach "tithing", 
		late new thought adherents don't appear to practice what they preach.  while 
		late new thought communities tithe 
		in compliance with contracts to their 'parent institutions', the vast majority do not contribute 
		time and energy locally to nurture those in need, nor tithe to efforts and institutions that support their existence.  
		one can easily verify this truth by looking through the www.findacenter.com new thought directory and observing how many communities subsist on charity.  
		when 50% of those listings are sponsored, we will see growth in the new 
		thought movement that will replace the 49% lost since the onset of the 
		new millennium and an additional increase of 300% in the founding and 
		growth of novel new 
		thought communities.  the writer must draw the readers 
		attention to a time in which i was interning with dr. avalon and 
		listened to a minister from colorado doing verbal backflips to 
		rationalize her desire to get updates and support for free when it was 
		quite obvious that her community could easily sponsor the  listing 
		which featured her.  while doc was willing to rationalize that this 
		"poor" soul was lost,  i must say that she was not lost.  the 
		colorado pastor had found herself in the hell of her own creation 
		through an inability to practice what we teach.  going through the 
		findacenter.com and other new thought directories tells a story about 
		new thought leadership trained in the late 20th century.  it is a 
		story of the abandonment of new thought principles and consequent 
		poverty and subsistence on charity.  i wish i could say otherwise, 
		but that is the truth.  next time someone asks "why is new thought 
		growing while attendance at new thought communities keeps shrinking?"  
		send them to the new thought directory system and they will see one of 
		the reasons why.




	wisdom = knowledge + compassion. 
	▲


		as new thought leaders, we are tasked to convey truth teachings.  
		we are not asked to prevaricate or embrace dismal lies about future 
		apocalypse.  we are tasked to work today, in the now, and thereby 
		to create a better tomorrow for all souls.  this means we must 
		discard destructive patterns rooted in the dominator paradigm and teach 
		the partnership paradigm which is rooted in truth and science.  we 
		cannot lie about the challenges we face or problems of today.  we 
		are witnesses to truth and tasked to teach the truth.  in the 
		face of global climate chaos, we are tasked to encourage the creation of 
		renewable energy resources. confronted with the fact that past 
		collisions of asteroids have wiped out all life on earth, we are tasked 
		with the creation of satellite systems that can provide early warning of 
		impending problems, in combination with technology to prevent them.  
		awakening to the reality that earthquakes can lead to devastating 
		tsunamis, we are tasked to create warning systems to enable endangered 
		populations to remove themselves from their path.  spiritual leadership is not about following trends, it is about being on 
		the forefront of teaching higher thought and present wisdom.  those 
		who watch the pain and oppression of others, and do nothing, are not 
		leaders, they are simply observers, or worse they are followers.  
		stand up for that which is good.  do not lie or attempt to say that 
		what is bad is the same as what is good.  assault, rape, murder and 
		abuse are not good.  environmental degradation is not good. global 
		climate choas is not good.  terrorism is not good.  while 
		mary baker eddy and her eddyists might say "it's all good."  that 
		is a christian science teaching, not a new thought aphorism.  
		unlike christian science, new thought does not reject medicine, or 
		reject healing through enhancing the immune system.  new thought is not 
		illusionist.  new thought is not christian science. new thought is 
		wisdom. wisdom is the combination of knowledge with compassion.  
		
		another name of for new thought is truth teachings.  
		if you are a new thought leader don't teach nonsense teachings, whether 
		they are old or new, they are not truth.    global 
		climate chaos is real.  if you don't know that, perhaps it is time 
		to embrace a different spiritual path.  new thought was created by 
		suffragettes and abolitionists. if you don't support women's 
		reproductive rights and human rights, perhaps it is time to find a 
		different path.  new thought is about truth and human rights.  
		if you cannot deal with the truth, or you cannot stand up for human 
		rights, new thought is not the path for you.recently there have been 
		a lot of incursions into new thought by those who would push eddyism to 
		replace truth teachings.  new thought is not christian science and 
		christian science is not new thought.  if you have a problem with 
		that fact, get busy reading the history of new thought.  at times 
		wikipedia is edited by people with agendas or people who don't know the 
		truth.  get busy and get educated.  after all this is new 
		thought, not new ignorance.  people have heard the story about the soldier who lost his home due to foreclosure while fighting terrorism, or the woman who was assaulted.  
		when these folks went to a spiritual leader of lower consciousness, they 
		were asked: "what did you do to bring that into your consciousness?"  
		this story relates a real phenomena in which the victim was blamed by a 
		minister of low consciousness for the crimes committed against him or 
		her. this type of nonsense teaching is egregious 
		stupidity.  blaming the victim is not a new thought practice.  
		it simply fu-ism.  
		if you think that a man murdered by dragging him behind a 
		pickup truck in texas was murdered because that man brought such an experience into 
		his consciousness, you are not a new thought adherent, you are a fu-ist.  
		i hope the reader is not a fu-ist, because fu-ism brings dire 
		consequences.  after all one of the most potent spiritual teachings 
		is: "as you believe, so shall be done unto you." fu-ism is not new 
		thought.  fu-ism does not appeal to many people, certainly not to millennials.  
		if you find people in your new thought community  who teach such 
		things, confront them.  if they persist, ask them to leave.  
		fu-ists teach things such as the 
		"ticket system of rebirth" which proposes that people are reborn into 
		pain and misery because they chose that life for "growth" or to "release 
		karma."  fu-ism is not new thought.   fu-istic teachings are nonsense teachings which do not contribute to 
		creating a more compassionate world.   if a new thought leader 
		persists in  teaching such things, leave that center because it is 
		not a real new thought community.  it is fu-istic and fu-ism is a 
		destructive path to misery.  find a real new thought community.  
		you will know that you have found one by the compassionate and caring 
		behavior of the leaders and members.




new thought adherents are discerning and insightful
	▲

new thought 
		adherents are discerning and generally well informed.  while 
		average joe, and average jane may not be aware of spiritual teachings, 
		or religions other than their own.  new thought leaders are 
		required to be educated about the world's faiths and spiritual paths and 
		new thought adherents are generally more informed than the average 
		citizen.  new thought adherents are more likely to question 
		practices which are abusive, and teachings which do not makes sense or 
		tend to create discord.   it does not matter if 
		such teachings come from the united states, china, the middle east, or anywhere else.  
		any teaching which conflicts with the udhr is invalid and must be 
		discarded.  there are no exceptions to the truth.  some people 
		would like to say that something is "truthful" or has "truthiness," but 
		being truthful simply means the appearance of truth, wheres 
		truthiness means "the quality of seeming or being felt to be true, even 
		if not necessarily true."  actual 
		truth is truth.  falsehood and truth are like oil and water, they 
		do not mix without great effort and generally do not stay fixed in their 
		combination. some religions teach taqiyya, declaring that "lying is 
		good if circumstances are typically those that advance the cause of 
		their religion." such religions teach that "gaining the trust of 
		non-believers in order to draw out their vulnerability and defeat them 
		or weaken them by abusing their children and raping their women is a 
		good thing."  new thought adherents must be aware that such deceit 
		exists and be prepared to take action to protect all children and all 
		people from exploitation.  human rights are only safe if they are exercised and
		protected.  protection demands awareness.  trust but verify.  
		never allow any excuses for the violation of human rights.  never 
		allow for any group to exploit religion or race to victimize others. 
		new thought does not blame the victim or exalt the abuser.   
		do not blame the victim or allow for others to do so.  be a leader, 
		not a member of the mob.  be love.  love is the opposite of 
		fear.  be aware that some people practice taqiyya, but do not let 
		this interfere with having a good relationship with them.  just 
		beware that such people are inherently unreliable and by definition 
		dishonest.  be insightful  and discerning.  be love and 
		be the change you wish to see in the world.





 	choose teachers who can teach actual prosperity principles!
	▲

people who have grown up without any need to learn how to earn money because they have always been comfortably numb 
		due to parental financing or a trust fund are not capable of teaching prosperity to those who were not born with the same advantages.  people who have never had to work except as a hobby are not 
		really qualified to teach actual prosperity principles to people who 
		earn a living.     proper prosperity teachers are those people who have demonstrated 
		entrepreneurial vigor, rising from poverty to prosperity.  actual prosperity is when the entire society is prosperous, all the children are fed, have good medical and dental care 
		and the elderly live joyfully in their final years.   those people who teach selfishness, greed and a disregard for others do not make good spiritual teachers or teachers of prosperity principles.  
		if you find yourself at a center led by a fu-ist, it will often be 
		filled with people lacking in compassion.  don't expect such people 
		to care about you when you have a challenge, or when you are in pain.  
		they can't care until they wake from their fu-istic delusions.  
		leave such communities because such people are dead to the world.  
		"let the dead bury the dead."  walk away and find a new thought 
		community.  new thought communities teach compassion, caring, 
		sharing and daring.  if you can't find one, create one.  
		fu-ism is a teaching of destruction and misery.  new thought is a 
		creative teaching that brings inner peace, and shared prosperity.  
		choose teachers who can teach actual prosperity principles and are 
		working to create a more compassionate world.




	be original and creative while dealing with real issues! 
	▲

some ministers spend all their time memorizing the words of dead 'masters' while failing to develop any consistent philosophy which aligns with the 
message of new thought. 
		being a parrot is not going to lead to progressive success. dead writers 
		will not be creating any more new thoughts. they are dead. their books 
		are useful in so far as they stimulate development of personal new 
		thought understanding, but don't fall into the trap of thinking that new thought mastery can be achieved through thumping old books.  
		learn, grow and above all "practice what you preach." this is the meaning of 
		"change your thinking, change your life."   being a good parrot is not useful for a generation of millennials who have access to the internet.  we don't need your repetition of your master's words. we are looking for self mastery 
		and teachings that are not regurgitations. there is another word for 
		regurgitation: vomit.  no one likes vomit.  it is a sign of 
		illness.  
		if you choose to be a parrot, then all you have to offer is a beak and a 
		bill.  we don't want to listen to your squawks, chirps or tweets 
		and then get an invoice for our time wasted listening to your uncreative 
		attempts at entertainment.  if you are a parrot, 
		be a dutiful servant of your dead master, tweet affirmations of your 
		master's works, and don't waste our time inviting us to your talks.  at least your master was original!	




	new thought embraces science.  wisdom is superior to 
	superstition
		▲


		today there are numerous new age teachers who teach a surfeit of nonsense which 
		they seek to prove through pseudo-science.  this is 
		unnecessary and abusive.  we are new thought, not new age.  
		there is a big difference!   new thought embraces science and 
		medicine.  we learn herbal medicine and naturopathy.  we do 
		not fight with allopaths; we are not the 
		easy dupes who do not immunize our children.  we are not followers 
		of eddyism.  we believe in spiritual evolution which includes 
		darwin's evolution.  if you are teaching creationism, don't call it 
		new thought.  creationism is neither new, nor true.  with so 
		much paradigm shifting science, there is no reason for nonsensical explanations that twist basic physics into knots in attempts to explain miracles.  millennials want truth which supports creating a better life for ourselves and others.  we are not interested in hearing a bunch of nonsense grounded in your superficial understanding of physics, or your 
		inability to understand genetics or epigenetics.  above all 
		remember that while you may memorize  the gospels, suras, sutras or 
		upanishads, all of your well rehearsed quotes about why we should give you our money when you don't even support your own movement 
		are meaningless drivel, not new thought.  we expect new age teachers 
		to use complicated corruptions of quantum physics and odd interpretation 
		of epigenetics in their efforts to flim flam their way to fortune.  
		we like to laugh about them and their teachings and count ourselves 
		blessed that we are not living in decadent nations where nonsense 
		teachings must be adhered to, or people risk losing their lives if they 
		don't adhere to the mullahs' concepts. new thought is a path that 
		is true to science.  it is a path of truth, not half truths, nor 
		nonsense.  new thought is a path that embraces the evolution of 
		thought, evolution of form and when life is challenging, we take action 
		to overcome those challenges.  we understand the cognitive 
		psychology which is the foundation of spiritual mind treatment and we 
		experience the power of meditation.  we are growing and learning 
		throughout our lives. we are committed to sharing our insights and 
		thereby empowering those who come to our path.  we affirm our 
		commitment as 
		spiritual leaders who embrace the concept of spiritual evolution.   
	




	new thought supports diversity and indigenous rights. 
	▲

		spiritual leaders are
		tasked with recognition that climate chaos is leading to mass migration 
		and in order to preserve civil society which provides the key for humans 
		to survive and thrive, we must encourage the creation of solutions that 
		enable displaced populations to move to countries consummate with the 
		levels of consciousness their cultures have inculcated.  while 
		pacific islanders can easily integrate into countries such as new 
		zealand which have societies supportive of their cultures, it would be 
		inappropriate to move them to countries rooted in cultures which have 
		not recognized the highest spiritual truth embodied within the udhr.  
		likewise migrants from lands with cultural and religious constraints 
		should be moved  to similar countries that share such cultural and 
		religious traditions.  as robotic technology increasingly replaces 
		human labor, advanced societies which have embraced the udhr have less 
		opportunities for those without the education necessary to employment.  
		in addition to this challenge, social scientists have recognized that 
		while culinary choices can be increased through immigration, civil 
		societies can become destabilized through the acceptance of large 
		numbers of individuals who do not have an interest in accepting the 
		cultural norms of their host nations which are essential to the maintenance  of civil society.  
		this is particularly apparent with regard to individuals migrating from societies rooted in patriarchal 
		patterns having pedagogical systems that encourage disrespect and even 
		violence toward women, people who identify as lgbt, or hold religious or 
		spiritual views that differ from those views enforced through laws and 
		codes within decadent societies.  we have ongoing group sessions 
		supporting people who have been in abusive relationships, as well as 
		group sessions in anger management.  it is easier to help survivors 
		awaken to their situations than  to get abusers to change their 
		patterns of abuse.  one participant in the anger management 
		sessions was an old military guy who had learned abusive patterns to the 
		extent that he had tattoos all over himself which were mementos of violent 
		acts committed against others.  he had learned to wear long sleeve 
		shirts to cover his tats.  he graduated from the program, then one 
		day returned.  he had a new tattoo of a woman hanging from her 
		breasts.  we all knew what this meant.as mentioned above, wisdom = knowledge + compassion.  
		this is why those who fly in commercial jets are advised that in the 
		event of decompression, they should first put on their oxygen masks, 
		before attempting to place oxygen masks upon dependents.   
		co-creation means working  together for the benefit of all 
		humanity.  a diverse multicultural world is a wonderful thing.  
		those lands in asia, africa and europe which have distinct cultures and 
		peoples must be supported so that our descendants can enjoy the global 
		diversity which we enjoy today.   it is incumbent upon all 
		leaders, but especially spiritual leaders, to recognize that peoples 
		forming such cultures deserve protection from mass migration which could 
		lead to the destabilization of the socieities they have formed and 
		destruction of the cultures which they love.  
		the lessons of the destruction of the indigenous peoples of the americas 
		must not be forgotten with regard to the issues of mass migration today.  
		while some political elites seek potential profit through lower wages 
		that are the consequence of migration of people from countries with low 
		wages and little or no benefits consummate with advanced civil society, 
		such manipulations of economy result in the disempowerment of indigenous 
		citizens of the targeted societies leading to internal dissent which can 
		result in terrorism and revolution.  this is neither compassionate 
		to the migrants nor the indigenous citizens.  new thought adherents 
		are sensitive to these issues encouraging diversity while protecting 
		indigenous rights. 
		
		




want to grow attendance? have faith in what you teach.
	▲

millennials see buddhists sharing the dharma, christians sharing the gospels, pagans sharing the principles, and others sharing their religious paths.  
		those adherents believe in their spiritual teachings and because they teach wisdom, which is the combination of knowledge and compassion, they are growing. communities that care, are communities that grow.  if you want to grow, have some faith in what you teach, make sure it is rooted in compassion and build upon that as the basis for community.  
		if you want to equivocate and cannot embrace the
		
		universal declaration of human rights as the highest truth that has 
		come to humanity through humanity; if you cannot awaken to the fact that 
		new thought is the highest truth, perhaps it is not the path for you.  
		if however, you know that new thought is the truth and that love is the 
		answer, then it is time to step forward and be the change you wish to 
		see in the world joining with like minded souls in the creation of a 
		more compassionate world.   
	




	take responsibility, while teaching co-creation
	▲

		responsibility for the decline of attendance at late new thought centers, 
		is on the shoulders of those who have abandoned new thought to embrace 
		fu-istic philosophy.  people want new thought, not nonsense teachings.  
		those who have failed to grow in consciousness, or who have acquiesced 
		to those who have taught nonsense which is not that which elevates, 
		empowers and supports the creation of a more compassionate world, are 
		responsible for the decline in attendance.  help such lost souls to discard self delusion and look in the mirror. 
		if you realize that your new thought community is led by a new age 
		teacher of nonsense, or someone lacking in compassion, help such people 
		move on.  if you find that your teachers are incompetent and thus 
		teach nonsense instead of new thought, as what institutions they 
		attended and avoid them.  such institutions are too expensive and not worth the price of tuition.  
		graduates that do not demonstrate any great degree of mastery 
		wasted their time and will waste yours.  help new thought grow by 
		helping leadership focus on truth teachings and understand that you are 
		aware of the udhr, spiritual evolution and that new thought embraces 
		science.  this is what makes new thought unique and better than old 
		nonsense.  if you believe that new 
		thought is the solution to the challenges of the world, do not complain about cheaper institutions, 
		because that means what you are teaching is not new thought and most 
		certainly not worth learning.  have the faith to teach what you 
		believe with such conviction that those attending will be happy to 
		contribute because they share your faith and believe in its extension.   
		if your teachings are truly inspirational, they will inspire 
		contributions and you will not need to ask.great spiritual leaders 
		give away their truth because they know that if it has great value, 
		those who learn from them have no choice but to support them.  
		seekers who are learning and grateful for what they are learning, feel a 
		need to continue learning and so they extend support to the teacher.  
		with such a massive shrinkage of attendance that 49% of new thought 
		communities have closed their doors, it is time to graduate from your most "esteemed" institutes 
		and live in this world teaching that which works.   the greatest spiritual teachers 
		do not become great through schools, or memorizing books.  they are 
		great because they live their teachings and through this they change 
		themselves and their actions generate positive change in the world.   
		the great new thought teachers of today were either mentored into 
		ministry, or they are writers of books who never attended divinity 
		school.  return to a mentor system and emulate plasmid exchange to propagate your "philosophy, religion and way of life."   
		do not try to create institutes believing they will rival the ancient 
		schools of oxford, harvard, heidelberg, the carolinska institute or max 
		planck.  keep it simple.  teach principles.  teach new 
		thought.  be responsible enough to know that if you love these 
		teachings, live these teachings, then share these teachings responsibly, 
		there is no limit to your inner peace and outer prosperity.    get real and make it a good deal.  if you believe in what you teach, if you really think new thought is an essential teaching for the world today, then demonstrate this belief and everything you need will manifest.  the best deal for the growth of attendance is to give away what you think is good and according to the law of circulation it will return to you multiplied.  
		or don't you believe what you preach?




read abel allen's 1914 message of new thought
	▲

		the massive shrinkage in attendance at late new thought centers is also due to the fact that 
abel allen's 1914 message of new thought 
		has been conveniently forgotten by those late new thought leaders whose 
		communities are collapsing.  such leaders have set this message aside, to focus on what some early new thought 
		writers called "priestcraft."  if you have not read this book, it 
		is time to.	



+++


new thought millennials believe in the 

udhr and universal spiritual principles.  if you want us to come to your center, show that you practice what you preach!  and hang a copy of the 

udhr behind your podium so that it is visible to the congregation at all times!  

and do us all a favor, drop the nonsense and have enough belief in what you are teaching to know it is great!  and please, please, please don't try to sell us treatments on a crystal bed or classes which sound like introductions to scientology.  if we want to learn scientology, we will get audited.  


and if you are going to invite us to attend your "transdenomination!", at least have the temerity to 
dress like  dr. frank n. further, a self-proclaimed "sweet transvestite from transsexual, transylvania".







some claim "transdenomination" was coined by a popular new thought minister.  other people feel the term is absurd, but it is popular for the moment. (2016)



there are many wonderful new thought organizations with diverse root texts and a variety of approaches to those texts and distinct methods of teaching. 


explore different new thought beliefs and choose the approach that best suits you. 
while we are aware that the majority of people who choose the new thought path do not find a new thought community that suits their sensibilities, we encourage you to visit the different centers. 


new thought topic


new thought principles of the new millennium



1. we affirm the divine as that that is, good, mind, infinite being, spirit, ultimate   reality.


2. we affirm that the name we give the divine does not define, nor change the truth, rather names only define the giver and his or her relationship to reality.


3. we affirm that the divine is good, is love, supreme, universal, and   everlasting.


4. we affirm the unity of humanity with the divine, in that the divine nature dwells within  and expresses through each of us, by means of our acceptance of it, as good including health, supply,  wisdom, love, life, truth, power, beauty, and peace.


5. we affirm the power and potency of meditation and spiritual practices.


6. we affirm  the capacity of each person to have divine and mystical experiences, and  enjoy divine grace.


7. we affirm the primacy of the 
universal declaration of human rights (udhr) as the highest collective spiritual expression of humanity thus far.


8. we celebrate the diversity of the global genome and within our species by being the divine loving and compassionate presence in all that we do and through seeing the divine in all whom we encounter.


9. we affirm the divine as a creative force defined through co-creation, therefore all souls are responsible to insure their being is one that contributes to highest good.


10. we affirm that we are living in an energetic spiritual universe composed of energy vibrating at different speeds. our universe is undergirded by laws which we seek to understand through science and art, including physics, mathematics and oral and written expressions such as poetry, drama and storytelling.


11. we affirm that we are spiritual beings having a physical experience and as we come into alignment with the laws of the universe, we harmonize with that that is and can thus heal, prosper, and live in balance and peace.


 12. we affirm that our mental states are carried forward into   manifestation and  become our experience in daily living.


13. we affirm the truth of spiritual evolution as outpictured through physical evolution and that this evolution is both universal and individual as evidenced by our evolving consciousness which is both defined and reflected by our beliefs. 


14. we affirm the expression of the highest spiritual principle is found in unconditional love, mutual respect for the universal human rights as defined in the 

udhr. 


15. we affirm that the deepest truth and highest wisdom is expressed through compassionate action which promotes highest good; that through sharing new thought principles, focusing on health and harmony, we are creating heaven on earth right now. 


 16. we affirm that the various cultures throughout the world have manifested teachers which have taught principles that can be ascertained to be valid through the consciousness such ancient wisdom promotes and the actions that result from such consciousness. 


17. we affirm the truth of the teaching "as above, so below," meaning that it is up to us to co-create and cooperate in confirming the manifestation of the "kingdom of heaven" here and   now through our consciousness and compassionate action.


+++
this basic premise of new thought, that the divine is good and omnipresent is based     upon universal spiritual principles as demonstrated and taught by historical figures such as buddha, danika, lao tzu, and  jesus the christ. it is understood there are many "wayshowers." the strength of the teaching of a particular wayshower is demonstrated through the consciousness and actions of the followers of that path. the adherents of each spiritual path are collectively responsible to the rest of humanity and all life to insure that the expression of their path is not abusive or violent nor violates the rights of other beings. 
as mentioned above, new thought     is inclusive and draws on the wisdom of all traditions that teach the truth of our unity with god/good and the omnipresence of god/good.
explore the rainbow of new thought beliefs / discover your truth! 



new thought principles - 
	

mental science -
	

divineunity new thought - 
	



buddhist new thought: 
	

seicho no ie - 
	

lotus sutra new thought







science of mind - 

	
religious science / csl - 
	

csl / religious science - 
	

independent religious science - 
	




christian new thought: 
	

unity - 
	

universal foundation for better living


home of truth - 
	

divine science new thought - 
	




new thought affiliates - 


new thought alliance - 



new thought  supports us on our individual journey of personal spiritual evolution.
new thought spiritual practices support us to transform our thinking and thereby transform our lives. 
new thought is neither abrahamic, nor vedic. new thought is unique in that a person may come from any religious background and does not need to belong to any of the four abrahamic religions or any of the hindu (vedic) religions. there are new thought taoists and new thought buddhists. what new thought adherents have in common is a belief in universal spiritual principles. 
there are new thought buddhists, new thought taoists and new thought pagans who have would never call themselves christian, nor claim any abrahamic influence whatsoever.  they accept that new thought abrahamics (jews, christians, mohammedans, mormons), and new thought vedics share the same universal principles of new thought but would never characterize themselves as abrahamic. 
it is understood that new thought is a unique and powerful spiritual path which can characterized as a religion having its own spiritual practices and beliefs.   some in new thought prefer to claim they have no beliefs and choose to express their beliefs as "knowing."  
it is understood there are many "wayshowers." the strength of the teaching of a particular wayshower is demonstrated through the consciousness and actions of the followers of that path. the adherents of each spiritual path are collectively responsible to the rest of humanity and all life to insure that the expression of their path is not abusive or violent nor violates the rights of other beings. 
there are even new thought fundamentalists who believe that "nothing is real and everything is in your mind."  these folks share many thought patterns and behaviors with other fundamentalists around the globe. such extreme beliefs are held by a fraction of new thought adherents. 
as one learns in the beliefs section, new thought     is inclusive and draws on the wisdom of all traditions that teach the truth     of our unity with god/good and the omnipresence of god/good. it is not
explore new thought practices



a. 
gratitude

b. 
forgiveness

c. 
service

d. 
study

e) 
meditation

f) 
journaling

g) 
goal setting/planning 

h) 
contemplation


i) 
affirmative prayer 
(sometimes called 
spiritual mind treatment) 

j) 
the word

k) 
visualization

l) 
visioning


m) 
sharing

n) 

pilgrimage(sometimes called 
sacred journeying)
 
o) 
fellowship
p) 
responsibility / 
accountability
 
q) 
celebration


+++



this is an independent open source new thought resource



use of new thought resources are subject to the 




terms




we are not affiliated with late new thought transdenominations: neither united or international centers for spiritual living, nor unity, divineunity, ufbl or divine science. 
we serve all new thought communities regardless of their affiliation or independence.


we serve all science of mind & religious science centers including those calling themselves centers for spiritual living regardless of their independence or affiliation.


serving new thought provides support to all new thought communities regardless of their independence or affiliation.




use of these resources are subject to the 




terms





 












when coming to a new thought center, we trust you find:



 warm and welcoming people; 
joyful, participative events celebrating life, love and compassionate action;
 a sacred space for prayer;
 support for you wherever you are on your spiritual path;
 inspiring messages;
 spiritual directors who listen; 
 high-quality, contemporary, high-energy music ministry;
 children are welcomed;
a variety of fun, engaging classes, workshops and activities;
a center that is constantly evolving, learning and transforming as you evolve, in a loving process in a compassionate community. 



















findacenter.com


discover a rainbow of exciting new thought communities around the corner and around the globe.


find fellowship 











divine journal


daily wisdom from today's new thought leaders supports your spiritual journey with insights and affirmations. 


daily wisdom












new thought talks


interviews with new thought sharers around the world & explorations of current themes in new thought


new thought talks





























newthought.net/work

manifest your dreams



newthought.net/work











"together we make a difference."  
 
this is ancient wisdom. 

"diversity is strength!"


register now 

 
newthought.net/work = the power of we






















serving new thought

new thought news put to use



newthought.net/work











new thought leaders "are life long learners" 
 
learn the hidden wisdom.


library patrons support the library and get first notices and more ... 



register now 


newthought.net/work = the power of we





















great new thought resources:       


































































 























a powerful collection of spiritual resources


we give you a powerful platform upon which to do god's work learning and sharing new thought:
divinejournal.com, newthoughtcommunity.com, newthoughttao.com and many more ... 




use divinejournal.com to research, read & write new thought texts which you can share through newthoughtbook.info. 






new thought resources accessible to anyone in the world with an internet connection. 

find new thought communities around the corner & around the world.


findacenter.com, newthoughtcentres.com, newthoughtcenters.com







celebrating new thought diversity in thought and form, we weather all storms, thrive and prosper!
  newthoughtday.com, 
  newthoughtweek.com






















new thought holidays








new thought day was declared by james edgerton on august 23rd, 1915
during research while expanding the free new thought library, 
one of the ministers came across an interesting quote from early new thought alliance president james a. edgerton:
 "'the truth, once announced, has the power not only to renew but to extend itself.  
new thought is universal in its ideals  and therefore should be universal in its appeal.  
under the guidance of the spirit, it should grow in good works until it embraces many lands and eventually the whole world.'
 ~ 

 new thought day, august 23rd
 , 1915."
 












































































 















  
newthought.info











  
newthoughtradio.org











 
newthought.mobi











  
newthought.net


















newthought.net/work serving new thought








a growing collection of resources supported by a vast and expanding team of volunteers around the globe.  































new thought radio

 
talks by new thought spiritual leaders


 
uplifting messages from new thought communities around the world. 


listen to new thought radio broadcasts from the new thought streams podcast archive, 
along with a growing collection of new thought music directly from new thought artists around the world.  


listen to new thought radio


24/7/365



























new thought day  august 23rd


 
100 years old



1st declared by
james edgerton in 1915


"'the truth, once announced, has the power not only to renew but to extend itself. 
new thought is universal in its ideals and therefore should be universal in its appeal. 
under the guidance of the spirit, it should grow in good works until it embraces many lands and eventually the whole world.' 
~ james a. edgerton, new thought day, august 23rd, 1915."

new thought holidays


august 23rd


 























divinetao.com ~ since 2003


 
be as water, as you are ...



the new thought tao


explore the new thought tao and discover deeper wisdom.  
new thought has many forms, taoist new thought brings insights to the table that are not so apparent in abrahamic forms. while many abrahamics fight to impose their views on the rest of the world. taoist new thought teaches the way of acceptance and understanding. principles in the new thought tao  provide powerful processes which serve as keys to deeper happiness and inner peace from the inside out.

read divine tao #8 "water"


tao #8 































new thought conferences


 
grow and thrive


 
share your truth


new thought conferences from various  new thought denominations and organizations are happening all ove rthe world. whether late new thought or new thought today, find conference info about  new thought conferences!.


new thought conferences


 
share



























new thought solutions


 
conscious ministry


grow and thrive!


new thought solutions for  new thought sharers and new thought communities. empowerment programs that awaken us to the co-creative "power of we."
  grow and thrive sharing a rainbow of new thought wisdom with the world. 


new thought solutions


 
thrive!



























books from contemporary new thought writers


 
newthoughtbook.info 

a growing collection of new thought books  from today's new thought leaders. 
 many new thought books lack the marketing necessary  to get them in front of you, with new thought books info those writers to find you and you to find those writers...  


new thought books

 
read!






















contribute to the growth of the library








live your higher consciousness!  trust in the divine!  
do not falter in your steps to demonstrate higher consciousness.  
success comes to those who are fearless in their commitment to their faith. 
 affirm prosperity!  
 contribute today!




















































to build a powerful platform,  begin with in.








in-tegrity begins within, the path walked without fear.
how do you walk your talk?  join us on new thought radio 
as we discuss new thought ways and walks









learn more about evolving new thought forms and personal perspectives on new thought radio



new thought talks with new thought folks from around the globe 














copyright â© 2014 
newthought.net/work, serving new thought, 
 
divine mirror, et al
 





authors




archives




about us




great links




education




terms of service




home  





copyright â© 1998, 2005, 2015 

new thought library
 
all rights reserved vers. 1.3 


we got our domain at 

divinedomains.org
, 
flytothetop with a prosperityweb





new thought solutions via the newthought.net/work
newthought.net/work serving new thought symbol
new thought spiritual resources are free and easily accessible to all.
learn new thought from original sources via a growing archive of texts and media
find quality love based spiritual communities
find the best celebrants and officiants for your ceremonies
terms of service
new thought news and info powered by voluntary contributions from souls of high consciousness.




















































