



nargus lab., inc.  » blog archive   » where is the dragons’ empire?!
 


























































nargus lab., inc.
the past is our future


avatars
photos
history
vision
f.a.q.
news update
about us



 
 






where is the dragons’ empire?!

bored of this world, the dragon has closed his gate and withdraw back into his realm and is unlikely to be opened again.
the archives of what he has done and collected still lie around his old cave floor, waiting to be organized.
this page may be changed to display the archive of his old belonging once his archiver has the time to perform this task.
for now, the raptors of the ancient time has taken over the area, to watch and guard it against human intrusion. awaiting for the hope of the dragon’s return.
dragons’ empire archived
a few documents have finally been made available. following links will bring you to the pages with archived data from the dragon’s collections.

dragon classification viewer (be warned; do not try to update the data. it will corrupt the program!)
poetries archive (thai & eng)
quotes archive (thai & eng)
quotes of the web archive (thai & eng)

stories archived

emporium dragon saga (thai only)

share this:click to email a link to a friend (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window) 



4 responses to “where is the dragons’ empire?!”


sorry to be a bother, but do you still have that quote about the elder dragon talking with the human about good and evil? it was really deep. it was on the front page of de for a while (maybe back in 06-07). if you can find it, please send it to me. many thanks in advance.


bryan said this on
								march 12th, 2009 at 2:18 am 



as requested, i’ve post up another archive of quotes that had appeared on the front page. you can now check it at:
http://narguslab.com/dragonsempire/archives/quoteoftheweb.xml


nargus asturias said this on
								march 12th, 2009 at 3:10 am 



thank you so much! i really like the 2003 quote.
wind in your wings!


bryan said this on
								march 18th, 2009 at 2:54 am 



do you mind if i use this as a signature? (i will cite you, of course)


bryan said this on
								march 18th, 2009 at 2:56 am 





leave a reply
you must be logged in to post a comment.



about this post


					this entry was posted
					 
					on wednesday, may 28th, 2008 at 8:40 am					and is filed under uncategorized.
					you can follow any responses to this entry through the rss 2.0 feed. 

											you can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.

					
				

pages

welcome to dinosaurs park

covenant
dev. ideas and plans


the avatars

frequently asked questions
how to use
dev. ideas and plans


the laboratory equipments
the photos

featured photos
historical photos
other photos


the history
the vision
the fiction

gray feather ch1
gray feather ch2


nargus api

creators using nargus api
api: s-2 raptors
script: pounce recipient
avatar animations list


news update
about us

recent posts


~still alive~


call to artist/game designer


party at the park


s2 anthro raptor v2.31 re-package


website downtime


categories

reviews

uncategorized

updates log

s-2 pteranodon

s-2 raptors

s-2 trex




navigate

previous: trex 2.18 next: velociraptor v2.55 





		nargus lab., inc. is proudly powered by 
		wordpress and chaoticsoul (by bryan veloso)
		entries (rss)
		and comments (rss).
		











