

tails from the mynarski forest





a furry comic about a sociopathic red fox vixen and her reluctant rabbit sidekick. also includes foxy collectables and an extensive vulpine reference.





 wanna link to this site?! 'course ya do! 


 visit my yerf archive! 


 


  



 created by  rt matheson   (c)1997-2008 foxstar artsplease read this scary  copyright information!









  howdy, and thanks for dropping by! 
if it's been a while, you may want to check the site history/update page.  believe it or not, web counter says you're visitor number  to this site!
 welcome to the anthromoronic, anthrosophomoric, anthropomorphic world of skippy and liska!  he's a jittery cottontail rabbit.  she's a sociopathic red fox vixen.  together, they get into all kinds of trouble, both  in the mynarski forest and the nearby, fictional central alberta town of holland valley.  every monday, share the weekly (weakly?) adventures of a cunning little vixen and the rabbit who tolerates her!







  after much personal debate, i've reluctantly decided to suspend the current storyline with a bit of a cliff-hanger and place mynarski forest on a six month hiatus, with new comics tentatively scheduled to resume next spring.  you can read more about this decision by clicking here.
 in the meantime, as of september 14th, i will be re-running select "classic" mynarski forest strips accompanied by an artist's commentary, along with previously un-released sketches, artwork, personal photos, and random miscallaneous stuff including this year's jack-o-liska and christmas card.   just think of it as like the bonus content you get on a dvd!
 oh, and if you haven't already done so, feel free to read about my recent adventures during an rcmp training exercise!    















  at least this time, liska can be happy about not leaving the old geezer in too much worse condition than she originally found him in.












 #375 "have you even been paying attention?!"


firststrip

previousstrip

march 29 2004





exciting things you can do!





 
don't let anyone hold you back!  e-mail me and tell me what you really think!

view mynarski forest's official vintage strips archive...  strips from previous weeks! 
 




learn  about the mynarski forest!  character profiles, strip origins, and more!

 engage in friendly discussion about this strip in the mynarski forest forum!  





read the encycvulpedia, liska's friggin' huge vulpine reference.  more foxy facts than even skippy can handle!

explore my collection of foxy treasures!



boost someone's ego by reading my autobiography page.

escape!  my foxy lynx page will take you far, far away from this site! 





feel my appreciation for all the people who helped me with this page by viewing the site credits.








special thanks to:tugrik at purrsiafor hosting the strips!























furring 









 [ join now | ring hub | random | << prev | next >> ] 











 