






accuracy is absolutely everything! score high gunsmithing | premium services for bolt action rifles.























































































 




skip to content




 






home
gunsmith services

accuracy packages
gunsmith services
muzzle brakes
action blueprinting
barrel work
customizing and accuracy work

accuracy diagnostics
precision scope mounting


cerakote
stock work


our products
contact

about
faq
shipping


shop our store

shop our store
dealer web site


store

pro-bed 2000 stock bedding epoxy & supplies
dual cartridge bedding system
pillar bedding kits
stock / pillar bedding tools
gunsmithing tools
single shot detachable magazine blocks
benchrest followers


menu



search for:





















 





 score high gunsmithing

 since 1985 same phone number, same address
accuracy is absolutely everything!! each situation is different in its needs and goals. that’s why we build a variety of different rifles all specially built to do the job as only the right tool can. keeping these needs in mind along with the latest technology is how we build each rifle.
the proof is in rifles that shoot . why is it that some people can consistently build rifles that out perform those of the competition? it’s no accident. it comes from hard work, experience and a desire to achieve unparalleled perfection. the goal is simple, build rifles that are capable of extreme accuracy. whether the temperature is a scorching 105 or a cold to the bone -40. dry desert or tropical rain forest. this can only be achieved with the highest quality materials the best equipment and the best  people.



score high gunsmithing
9812-a cochiti rd se
albuquerque, nm 87123
ph# 800-326-5632    505-292-5532
sales@scorehi.com

 

 


 


					gunsmithing services				

we offer complete custom rifles as well as a vast arrey of accurizing services to bolt action rifles
learn more 

 

 


 


					score high muzzle brakes				

we manufatue and install our own line of muzzle brakes
learn about ourmuzzle brakes 

 

 


 


					cerakote				

we are a certified cerakote applicator and we offer custom cerakote finishing on most all types of firearms
learn about our cerakoting service 

 

 


 


					our products				

we manufacture several products for the gunsmithing industry
learn about the products that we manufacture 

 

 


 


					on-line store				

visit our online store to purchase the products that we manufacture at score high gunsmithing
go to our store 

 








score high gunsmithin  since 1985 


 

















