






il porticciolo viaggi - incoming travel agency lake como






























































 vai al contenuto principale
passa al footer
home
about us
group excursions
walking tours
vip experiences
events
transfers
contacts
porticciolo viaggiil porticciolo viaggi your ideal partner for your holidays on lake comoil porticciolo viaggi è il partner ideale
per le tue vacanze sul lago di comolake comoyour incoming  travel agency for your best holidaybrochure pdfdiscoverour excursionsil porticciolo viaggi offers you unforgettable excursions. find out what they areil porticciolo viaggigroup excursionsvisit +il porticciolo viaggiwalking toursvisit +il porticciolo viaggieventsvisit +il porticciolo viaggivip experiencesvisit +il porticciolo viaggidownload our brochurevisit +il porticciolo viaggitransfervisit +il porticciolo viaggiexcursionsvisit +il porticciolo viaggiwalking toursvisit +il porticciolo viaggieventsvisit +il porticciolo viaggivip experiencesvisit +il porticciolo viaggitransfervisit +il porticciolo viaggidownload our brochurevisit +il porticciolo viaggiexcursionsvisit +il porticciolo viaggiwalking toursvisit +il porticciolo viaggieventsvisit +il porticciolo viaggivip experiencesvisit +il porticciolo viaggitransfervisit +il porticciolo viaggidownload our brochurevisit +whychoose our agencymore than 30 years of history to make you live unforgettable experiencesil porticciolo viaggi was formed in 1990 in order to provide a unique and complete holiday service for guests choosing to visit lake como. we offer exclusive local services such as transfers, assistance, excursions, thus making your stay an enjoyable, well-informed and carefree occasion.in this website you will find the programme of our excursions, walking tours and activities arranged for making your holiday unique and unforgettable.about ustestimonialswrite your review in every single experiences page[trustindex no-registration=tripadvisor]



st mortimer and bernina expresssettembre 24, 2024we were collected punctually and greeted warmly by julia and our driver for the day, luca. it was lovely to be able to relax and look out at the wonderful vistas of the northern shores of lake como and beyond as we travelled towards our first stop at tirano. from here we ventured further to poschiavo where we boarded the bernina express for what we were told, was the most impressive part of its journey and we were not disappointed. the coaches had been booked exclusively for our use, so everyone had perfect views and as julia explained, neither side of the carriage was at an advantage as the train tracks seemed to curve dramatically each way giving both sides a chance of that perfect picture. back on the coach at the end of a seemingly quick hour and onto st moritz where we were able to have a bite to eat and do a little window shopping. our last stop of the day was at the quaint town of chiavenna, providing further photo opportunities of vistas and italian life. there is not any part of the tour that we would change; the pace was perfect for the amount we were trying to see; julia managed to get the perfect balance of informative chatter along with quieter moments to just ‘take it all in’ – all delivered with a delightful sense of humour; and luca – how he navigated those bends of the passes and narrow streets of the various towns so smoothly was a wonder and much appreciated. would we recommend this trip – definitely.chris and judy denham
st. moritz and train berninadicembre 11, 2023an amazing tour with included the train bernina from poschiavo to diavolezza, the nicest part of the bernina pass. an unforgettable experience!emily
varenna molto belladicembre 7, 2023bellissimo paese sul lago di como..da vedere!!!sandra bianchiresponse from il porticciolo viaggi - incoming travel lake comograzie!!!
tour villa monasterodicembre 7, 2023one of the best place in the world!!!!paula vertizresponse from il porticciolo viaggi - incoming travel lake comothanks for you review!!!
visiting varenna :)dicembre 7, 2023visiting varenna it was a wonderful ideavince rubilresponse from il porticciolo viaggi - incoming travel lake comogreat..thanks!!!












discoverstay in touch with us info@ilporticcioloviaggi.com2023 © copyright - il porticciolo viaggivia iv novembre 80 – 22017 menaggio (co) italy – phone: +39.0344.30226 – email: info@ilporticcioloviaggi.comdati sociali | privacymade by s24 with love




manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								sempre attivo							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





gestisci opzioni
gestisci servizi
gestisci {vendor_count} fornitori
per saperne di più su questi scopi



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
























