



unified communications solutions - fully customizable & scalable statewide communications





























































solutions 
solutions




cloud based solutions
flexible, feature-rich cloud communication services.




on-premise solutions
on-premise pbx systems with infrastructure you control.



products 
products




cloud phone system
find a hosted voip system that works for you.




premise based phone systems
keep your business phone system inside the business.




sip trunking
transition your traditional phone system onto the internet.




edge devices and network switches
ensure safe, seamless network connectivity.




managed services
lighten your workload and leave network upkeep to us.



cabling 
industries 
industries

cars and dealerships 
cities, towns & municipalities 
construction 
education 
finance & insurance 
food & beverage 
health care 
law 
manufacturing 
real estate 
religious 
retail 


support 
support




resources
take a deeper dive into our industry expertise.




faq’s
have a question? we’ve got the answer.




contact us
reach out and we’ll get right back to you.



about us 
about us




why choose us
see why our customers stick with statewide.




our team
meet our skilled and sincere team of experts.




careers
if you’re tech-centric and ready to help, you’ll love it here.




success stories
read about the real life solutions we provide our clients.




news
stay up to speed on our latest articles and blogs.




our partners
see who we team up with to deliver world-class solutions.




bizfon
click here if you’re a former bizfon customer.




sci networks
see how sci networks became statewide communications.



 contact us


call us: (800) 773.4724itt72
 






search open

contact us


























we are dialed in.
with customizable communication services that scale your success, and sincere support that handles the rest.

why choose us?












your business deserves the smartest solutions.







cloud based solutionsget up and running fast with simple, scalable, cost-efficient cloud based solutions that connect your company’s phone system directly to the internet. 
learn more 







premise based solutionstake phone system matters into your own hands with premise based solutions that are centrally stored at your business.
learn more 







cablingsustain fast-paced communications with cabling infrastructure that extends the life of your network and keeps your business running smoothly.
learn more 







managed solutionsfull-service telecommunications services that make every customer interaction more meaningful.
learn more 




view all solutions


















searching for bizfon services? they’re now a part of statewide.

take me to bizfon 
 














see why our customers love statewide.
a happy client always calls back! check out these testimonials from customers who keep choosing statewide.
























"we have been statewide communications for several years, and their customer service is unparalleled. their staff know me well and remember key features of my account without my prompting each time i call. they are friendly  [...]"

leigh pfeil goodmanpractice manager, westhampton family psychologists, p.c.










"statewide provides excellent prompt service on all requests we have. they were key in bringing our ip phone system into the sci/statewide network in a short timeframe. the support team keeps all of our employees connected i [...]"

casey o'haratreasurer, o'hara corporation










"our experience with statewide communications has been nothing short of fantastic. having a reliable phone system, that has all the features we need, sounds great, and is mobile capable is of the utmost importance to our com [...]"

dan hawkinsowner, music masters










"statewide is a knowledgeable and friendly business partner they do not sell you, they get to know your business and find solution that bring business value."

mike barbagalloit director, subaru of wakefield










"we are an obstetrical practice so we could not close during the height of covid – statewide had our nursing triage and scheduling staff set up with remote phones within a week – extremely helpful during a stressful time [...]"

lisa zajacpractice manager, new england ob-gyn



















our products are designed to help your business thrive.
discover end-to-end solutions so dynamic they can streamline your business and adapt as it grows.

go to products
 







cloud phone systemcloud phone systems let you skip the lengthy setup, upkeep costs, and hardware hassles by connecting your phone service directly to the internet.
learn more 







premise-based phone systempremise-based phone systems are physically deployed at your office, letting you manage your own equipment, upgrades, and system expansion in-house.
learn more 







sip trunkingsip trunking is a flexible, reliable way to ensure a consistent customer experience by connecting your premise-based phone system to the internet. 
learn more 







edge devices & network switchesedge devices & network switches improve voip quality and prevent risky security issues by safeguarding network data and streamlining connectivity. 
learn more 







managed servicesmanaged services make your life easier. we’ll keep your phone system operating at peak performance so you can stay focused on everything else. 
learn more 





  		go to products  	







more than clients, they’re almost family.

 

view case studies 














communications evolved. 
veteran led. 
that’s statewide.





240 andover st. wilmington, ma 01887


 (800) 773.4724










copyright © 2025 statewide communications. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
 










