





 









bbb accredited expert will teach you how to value and buy a laundromat






















































 












631.274.4610
	melville, ny
garyruff@gmail.com








toggle navigation





home
the basics
 services 

consulting services
legal representation
expert witness


 resources 

be informed
business broker beware
videos
q & a


client references
curriculum vitae
contact
 







 








>> more client testimonials <<
it can look like a real opportunity, but have you enabled yourself to actually see it? maximize your chance for success by improving your understanding of all the issues associated with laundromats, especially price deviation. and remember: the price you pay will be the basis for determining your roi (return on investment). 


information videos

 
 
 
 



why gary ruff?









 
your author, gary ruff, is a bbb accredited coin-laundry appraiser, financial analyst, consultant, and legal representative with thirty years experience in the laundromat industry, including: coin-laundry construction; laundry equipment modification and improvement; ownership of six coin-laundries in the n.y. metro area; wide experience as an analyst and appraiser; expert witness as to valuations; and as an attorney at law specializing in commercial laundries.
here’s what i can offer you:
if you are seriously considering buying a coin laundry business, it’s where i come in, for the key to success is to secure impartial expert advice. this is exactly what i offer. my loyalty is solely to my client. i do not broker coin laundries. i do not benefit from the sale of laundry equipment. i offer no links to any other sites. i even forbid advertising on this site (thereby giving up considerable income). moreover, i am bbb accredited. (you would do well to note the absence of such accreditation among the self anointed laundromat “experts” on the web.) my sole source of income is the fees i receive from my clients. therefore, my economic survival depends upon my reputation, which in turn depends upon appraisals that are both honest and accurate.
for a very reasonable fee, i will empower you with information you must have in order to screen-out the many inferior deals (many of which are cleverly disguised as a “pot of gold”), and i will “walk through” the first coin-laundry with you to make sure you understand all of the important issues (there is very much more to a laundromat than meets the eye). moreover, you should improve your coin-laundry knowledge before initial meetings with either sellers or brokers.





my services





consulting
discreet tailor-made valuation & consultation for a low flat fee. includes “vital info pack”, evaluation & financial analysis, & legal services.







legal representation
includes both consultation and negotiation regarding a buy/sell agreement, together with an acquisition of an interest in real estate.






expert witness
from time to time, a coin-laundry will become the object of litigation. if you have been victimized, i offer expert evaluation and testimony as an expert witness.








be informed

or rather: avoid the hazards of proceeding while under-informed.
of all small business models, coin-laundries are the most alluring. being deceptively simple looking, they are also the most beguiling.
laundromats are not transparent – they lend themselves well to both broker and seller fraud and omission. all seller representations, especially those as to gross revenue require independent expert verification.
it’s all about getting value for the price you pay: the smart buyer will demand that the relationship between value and price favors them. it is my mission to ensure this.
 



contact gary ruff





















		





 



















														gary ruff
		attorney at law and coin laundry consultant
		serving north america and europe
garyruff@gmail.com

		21 northcote drive
		melville, n.y. 11747
		tel: 631.274.4610
		fax: 631.274.4611

		we respect your privacy. we never release client information to anyone.
		copyright © 2000-2025 by gary ruff; all rights reserved. "links" are permitted.
		site designed by ignition marketing
















