








sac and fox nation - home




































































news

press releases


departments
tribal member services
government
healthcare
about

council
careers


talk sauk

sauk words and phrases
sauk videos
sauk links


contact





search
            
search



tribal member portal















offices closed for presidents’ day
the sac and fox nation tribal offices will be closed on february 17th, 2025 for presidents’ day.







blackhawk health center
improving health and wellness in our community
the blackhawk health center was founded in 2022 to provide high-quality care to patients,
share essential health information, and host trainings that support life-long wellness.

our center includes a state-of-the-art lab, a private gym, a walk-in and drive-through pharmacy,
and a kitchen for cooking demonstrations. these all support our wide range of healthcare services,
allowing us to provide comprehensive, whole-person care.


tribal health care







sac and fox nation – strategic planning survey
the sac and fox nation (the “nation”) has asked the chicago blackhawks, through their partnership together, to work with the nation to support their priorities around business planning and economic development.


take survey here







sac and fox language
interactive sauk language website
and the concise dictionary of the sauk language


language resources







check out our videos on youtube.  
learn the sauk language, watch our powwows and many other exciting videos.  


view more







sac and fox nation housing authority



learn more







sac and fox nation newspaper
the online version of the sac and fox nation newspaper


read our newspaper























news

read our newspaper







                            virtual meeting                        
notice to all sac and fox tribal members, dwh has rescheduled the virtual tribal community meeting to february 5, 2025 from 6pm-7:30pm, the virtual link is listed below.  the sac and fox nation’s community building and the shawnee multi-purpose center will be open to all sac and fox tribal members who want to attend and participate.  […]







                            the sac and fox nation has asked the chicago blackhawks, through their partnership together, to work with the nation to support their priorities around business planning and economic development.                         
hello sac and fox tribal members, the sac and fox nation has asked the chicago blackhawks, through their partnership together, to work with the nation to support their priorities around business planning and economic development.   to support the development of a strategic plan, the blackhawks have engaged dwh to assist in an inclusive, community-led planning process. […]







                            sac and fox nation signs tag data agreement with ota                        
the sac and fox nation is pleased to announce it approved an agreement with the oklahoma turnpike authority on friday, december 20, 2024, to share motor vehicle ownership and registration information for the sole purpose of collecting tolls.“as a nation whose reservation encompasses a portion of oklahoma’s original turnpike corridor, we know well how important […]







                            sac and fox nation 2025 election                        
follow the links for the pdf’s to the election documents. notice of positions for election dates to remember






view all














tribal member services
the sac and fox nation strives to assist members in both their educational goals and areas of human services.



learn more


sign up





















departments
the tribal government has numerous administrative departments responsible for managing various facets of tribal life, interactions outside the tribe and the reservation’s infrastructure.



learn more





















healthcare
the health information department strives to provide quality customer service, protecting medical, social, and financial information, promoting confidentiality, preserving and securing health information.



learn more


















culture
the sac and fox nation was the first to go through self-governance in indian health service, implement a fully functioning tribal court system, and incorporate entities under tribal law.


learn more













resources




location

sac and fox nation
administration building
920963 s. hwy 99
stroud, ok 74079
 



contact

918-968-3526
tribaladministrator@sacandfoxnation-nsn.gov






 facebook  










			©2025 sacandfoxnation-nsn.gov. all rights reserved. website designed & developed by back40 design.
			












