










ruko products online



















 $ currency 


$ canadian dollars


€ euro


£ pound sterling


$ us dollar









 1-800-611-4433
 my account 

register
login


 wish list (0)
 shopping cart
 checkout

















 0 item(s) - $0.00usd


your shopping cart is empty!









categories




accessories
agriculture
classic
fox cutlery
gent series
marto martespa

 
letter openers
daggers and tantos
swords


armor, statues & shields
display stands and plaques


show all marto martespa 

muela
multi-function tools

 
multi-function pliers


multi-function folding knives


show all multi-function tools 

online catalogs

 
ruko issue #9
2020 muela catalog
2023 muela catalog


ruko & muela new for 2025 catalog
denix 2020


show all online catalogs 

outfitter

 
folding knives
machetes, saws & axes
hunting knives
field knives
fillet knives
photocamouflage® series
fish and game processing kits
sharpeners


show all outfitter 

photocamouflage® series

 
3dxtreme™
tundra™
wings-3d™
wx-3d®


show all photocamouflage® series 

ruko® 60th anniversary commemoratives
security items
shark® assisted opening knives

 
lever action system


s.r.d.s system


show all shark® assisted opening knives 

sharpeners

 
arkansas whetstones 


diamond dust


show all sharpeners 

tactical/ survival

 
folding knives
neck/boot knives
survival knives
dive knives


show all tactical/ survival 

throwing knives







login register forgotten password
my account
address book wish list order history downloadsrecurring payments reward points returns transactions newsletter


 rukoquality - integrity - service - since 1956shopping from canada? click here to visit our canadian hub for ruko's canadian retail pricing and shipping.please ensure that you toggle the currency selector in the top left corner of this page to change the pricing to canadian dollars - can$ before continuing with your purchase as the site defaults to us$ pricing.ruko provides a flat canadian shipping rate on all canadian orders of $30.00 cad and free shipping on all orders over $150.00 cad (excluding swords. please contact for shipping)ruko provides a flat us shipping rate of $15.00 usd and free shipping on all orders over $50.00 usd. (excluding swords. please contact for shipping)please note all international orders must be over $100 due to high shipping costs.welcome to the ruko website.  we are an importer and distributor of sporting and gift related products serving the retail and wholesale trade in the usa and canada since 1956.we presently carry over 1000+ different products including sporting, hunting and tactical knives, swords, medieval armor and shields.in addition to our extensive offering under the ruko brand banner, we are a canadian importer and distributor for denix period replicas. all sales of denix replicas are made through our wholesale dealer network only. we are proud to be the exclusive north american importer for muela knives of spain.  our section has been recently expanded and categorized to show the full range of our muela products. our website has been updated to include liquidation deals on a host of in-stock fox cutlery knives from italy, marto letter openers, medieval and oriental pattern swords. stock is limited so act fast.check back often and follow us on facebook for new additions including ruko shark­® assisted open folding knives featuring the s.r.d.s (shark rapid deployment system) ™ and to be informed of our appearances at trade shows and conventions.need extra assistance? contact us for details. enjoy your journey through our site and we look forward to serving you in the near future.







information

about us
privacy policy
terms & conditions
 
warranty



customer service

contact us
returns
site map



extras

brands
gift certificates
affiliate
specials



my account

my account
order history
wish list
newsletter




powered by opencart ruko products online © 2025



