

free government grants & money finder for free government grants and money, small business grants, college grants and grants for families and individuals





















 home
          | about
          us   | faqs   | members access













welcome to  government grants finder        

each day over one million dollars in free government grants  is given away to people just like you for a wide variety of business and personal needs 

in a moment, we'll show you 
        exactly how & where to get grants. this money has to 
        be given away, why not to you? 
you may be thinking, "how can i 
        get some of this free grants money"maybe you think it's 
        impossible to get free money?let us tell you it's not 
        impossible! it's a fact, ordinary people and businesses all across the 
        united states are receiving millions of dollars from these government 
        and private foundation's everyday. 
who can apply? 
anyone can apply for a 
        grant from 18 years old and up! 
grants from $500.00 to 
        $50,000.00 are possible! grants don't have to be paid back, 
        ever! claim your slice of the free american pie. 
this money is not a loan, trying 
        to get money through a conventional bank can be very time consuming and 
        requires a lot of paperwork, only to find out that you've been denied. 
        these government agencies don't have to operate under the same stringent 
        requirements that banks do.you decide how much money you need, 
        as long as it's a lawful amount and meets with the government agencies 
        criteria, the money is yours to keep and never has to be repaid. this 
        money is non taxable & interest free.none of these programs 
        require a credit check, collateral, security deposits or co-signers, you 
        can apply even if you have a bankruptcy or bad credit, it doesn't 
        matter, you as a tax payer and u.s. citizen are entitled to this 
        money.there are currently over 1,400 federal programs, 24,000 
        state programs, 30,000 private foundations and 20,000 scholarship 
        programs available. this year over $30 billion dollars in 
        free government grants money will be given away by government grants 
        agencies.







government 
            grants facts:
over 20 million people get 
            government money every year:


1,000,000 entrepreneurs get money 
              to start or expand a business

4,000,000 people get money to 
              invest in real estate

6,000,000 people get money to go 
              to college

10,000,000 people get free help 
              and training for a better 
        job



government grants 
      for business
anyone thinking about going into business for 
        themselves, or wanting to expand an existing business should rush for 
        the world's largest "one-stop-money-shop" where free money to start or 
        expand a business is being held for you by the federal 
        government.
it sounds absolutely incredible that people living 
        right here in the united states of america wouldn't know that each year 
        the world's largest source of free business help 
        delivers:


over $30 billion dollars in free grants and 
        low-interest loans;

over one-half trillion dollars in procurement 
        contracts; and

over $32 billion dollars in free consulting and 
        research grants.
with an economy that remains unpredictable, and a 
        need for even greater economic development on all fronts, the federal 
        government is more willing than it ever has been before to give you the 
        money you need to own your own business and become your own 
        boss!
in spite of the perception that people should not 
        look to the government for help, the great government give-away programs 
        have remained so incredibly huge that if each of the approximately 8 
        million businesses applied for an equal share, they would each receive 
        over $70,000.
most people never apply for free grants because they 
        somehow feel it isn't for them, feel there's too much red-tape, or 
        simply don't know who to contact.  
        the fact is, however, that people from all walks of life do 
        receive free grants money and other benefits from the government, and 
        you should also.
government grants 
      for personal need

help to buy a new home for low 
        income families, repair your home, rent, mortgage payments, utility 
        bills, purchase a new car, groceries, childcare, fuel, general living 
        expenses, academic tutoring, clothing, school supplies, housing 
        assistance, legal services, summer camp, debts, music lessons, art 
        lessons, any extracurricular activities, pay bills for senior citizens, 
        real estate taxes, medical expenses and general welfare. if you or 
        someone you know suffered a fire loss there are programs available to 
        help in replacing necessities. 
scholarships and 
      grants for education

grant money for preschool 
        children and nursery school education, private, primary and secondary 
        schools, men and women to further their education, scholarships for 
        athlete's, business management, engineering, computer science, medical 
        school, undergraduate, graduate, professional, foreign studies and many 
        more. 
here's how you can 
      get free grantsin the shortest time possible


did you know that all you need to successfully access these federal
          government grants is
          information? you do not need to purchase expensive books, kits or
          programs about obtaining a government grant. 
 all
          of the information you need, including everything you need to know
          about proposal writing and application forms, is readily available if you have the time, patience and efforts to search for them!

you
          are here because you want to get money, not spend money.  
you
          have come to the right place!  we are not going to sell
          you an expensive package that contains information freely
          available.  
we
          are not going to boast about a package that includes a
          "free grant proposal writing guide".  these grant proposal writing guides are available for free, and we will show you where
          the best ones can be found.  
what
          we have to offer is an excellent grantsfinder guide to free government grants & money, expertly compiled
          and researched, for you to download and use instantly.  
once you know how and where to 
        apply for a specific free grant, results are almost inevitable. the 
        government wants to give away this money. . . it is under congressional 
        mandate to do so! these funds are made available to help you, the tax 
        payer. all that's required from you is the proper presentation of your 
        grant request. that's all. 
announcing...








"the 
        grantsfinder guide to free government grants"

        our guide is a compilation of links and information about grants available in the
        united states. it was created as a tool to help people seek and obtain the
        funding they'e looking for. it is specifically designed to make it
        easier for the grant seeker to get to the information needed to
        successfully access grants. all of the included links lead to websites
        that supply free information. there is no need for a grant seeker
        to spend a great deal of money on grant kits or grant
        proposals. the government has an impressive array of resources on
        these subjects available. 
the
        only tricky and time-consuming part of this process is actually finding
        the information. this is why we've compiled this guide.

the
        grantsfinder guide to free government grants has an excellent collection of website links where a  grant seeker can access all of the necessary information required to
        learn about and obtain grant money.  the guide is designed to be
        user friendly and to save people the countless hours required
        to find all of the available information.  
each
        website link is accompanied by an explanation of what kind of
        information or grants the user can expect to find at that website. 
        the websites themselves are broken into a number of categories to save
        you search time.  included is a top picks category where you
        can access the various databases of governmental departments for
        thousands of grant listings.  
as
        well, there are categories covering: 


business
            and industry 

families

children 

housing

low-income

persons
            with disabilities

arts
            and humanities

education

health

retirement

indians

veterans

state
            programs and legal  


also
        included are links to websites where you can access excellent and
        thorough resources on grant proposal writing and writing applications.  
all of
        this information is available on the internet.  this is why our
        grantsfinder guide is so affordable. you can save yourself
        days of searching for the low
        price of $19.95!!!! 
our
        goal is not to sell you information that is available for free at an
        absurd price, as so many other websites do.  our goal is to
        provide you with everything you need for a very reasonable cost -
        the cost is what covers our time and resources in it's compilation and
        continual updating.



"i
          had no idea i could get a grant to help me pay my heating bills
          this year. thanks for the information. i will have more money to spend
          on my kids this christmas"

- cheryl sommer, buffalo, n.y.






 

secure payment processing by paypal
click
        below to order the grantsfinder guide to free government grants & money for only
        $19.95








 
upon successful completion of payment, you will
          be able to enter into the members section where you can download your grantsfinder guide to free government grants & money.

click here to order by check


















 bookmark
          this site (ie users only)

©  grantsfinder.com all rights reserved






