







internet infidels » a drop of reason in a pool of confusion


















































































search for:























 








home
what’s new

secular frontier
secular web kids
freethinker podcast


library

modern
historical
kiosk
bookstore
videos
authors


secular web

iidb forum
publications
honorary board


internet infidels

submissions
kiosk guidelines
call for papers
scholarly papers


contact us

subscribe
faq
about us
copyright


support us

paypal


site map








welcome!


    the secular web is owned and operated by internet infidels inc., a 501(c)(3) nonprofit educational organization dedicated to promoting and defending a naturalistic worldview on the internet.as defined by paul draper, naturalism is "the hypothesis that the natural world is a closed system, which means that nothing that is not a part of the natural world affects it." thus, "naturalism implies that there are no supernatural entities"—including god.


browse the secular web library, the world's largest online collection of literature on the philosophy of religion, religions skepticism, and atheism, where you will find defenses of the naturalistic worldview and critiques of religion.
    



gather around the kiosk for thought-provoking articles, informal essays, reviews, humor, satire, fiction, opinions, and fascinating memes.
    






explore the secular web...
library
kiosk




quotation of the minute
60
stop
new

loading...




new in the kiosk
featured book
new in the library



revisiting infinitygabe czobel
liberatheism on freedom from god(s)david ellis
is atheism a religious faith? a definitive answerjohn w. loftus








editor's choice
featured books
best of the library












 
join our mailing list
top









© 1995-2025. internet infidels®. all rights reserved.

« disclaimer » | privacy and cookie policy | « site map »




internet infidels cookie policy - cdpr + ccpawe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage your cookie policy consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept












































