


atlantic kayak company - home/about






















































atlantic kayak company















				home/about
			



				guided kayak tours
			



				kayak rentals
			



				special events
			



				contact us
			



				privacy policy and terms and conditions
			












welcome
thanks to all who came out and explored the waterway of charles county with us this 2024 season! 






ghost fleet of mallows bay tours
mallows bay tours for the 2025 season will be posted in march of 2025! private tour options are available, please call for more information and to book your tour! 
mattawoman creek
our rental shop is closed for the season.private group tours are available starting mid-april.  
gift certificates
gift certificates are available for tour and rentals ​and make a great holiday gift!









about atlantic kayak company: 
atlantic kayak company, is a small, woman-owned, family run business located in charles county, md. we have been providing fun, educational outdoor experiences in the chesapeake bay area since 1995.  we share our passion for natural and cultural history with others through all of our programs. ​we have partnered with the charles county department of recreation, parks, and tourism, noaa, md department of natural resources, national part trust, university of maryland, college of southern maryland, east carolina university, wounded warriors, baltimore national aquarium, atlas obscura, potomac and port tobacco riverkeepers, alice fergueson foundation and smithsonian associates. various private schools, homeschool groups and summer camps have enjoyed mattawoman creek with our programing. we were recently featured on maryland public television's outdoors maryland. in october of 2024 we had the pleasure of sharing mallows bay potomac river national marine sanctuary with maryland's governor wes moore.kayaking is a life skill. we are inclusive and enjoy working with beginners through advanced kayakers. having fun and experiencing the great outdoors is a win for everyone. come immerse yourself in nature and get out on the water!






 
​108-a mattingly avenue, indian head, md  20640​joe@atlantickayak.com​301-292-6455
 


















"there are some who live without wild things, and some who cannot." - aldo leopold
 



 











address
108-a mattingly ave.​indian head, md 20640
 
telephone
301-292-6455
 
email
joe@atlantickayak.com
 











						home/about
					



						guided kayak tours
					



						kayak rentals
					



						special events
					



						contact us
					



						privacy policy and terms and conditions
					









