






cirt.net | suspicion breeds confidence














skip to main content








			    			    	cirt.net			    			
suspicion breeds confidence









niktodownload
development
mail list
related projects
products & swag
press

nikto docs
davtest
default password db
other codelw_buid_req
clickjack testing
cms explorer
svnpristine
site crunch
mp3 duplicate finder
hg-decode
nessus plugins

about cirt.netdavid
sullo
advisories

 



 


 









join nikto-announce list

email address  *

first name  *









 






 







 








nikto 2.5.0 released!


nikto 2.5.0 has now been released!

please note: breaking changes to json and xml output may have occurred. if you rely on these formats please test before upgrading.

the nikto 2.5.0 version contains hundreds of updates over several years, including the highlights below.

ipv6 support (thanks to @richardleach)
updated db_checks format uses multiple reference 

read more about nikto 2.5.0 released!
 



nikto: interactive


so you have nikto going, but you’re not really sure what’s happening, or how long the scan is going to take?
no problem.
nikto has several interactive features you can use while a scan is in progress. if you just want to find out the current status, simply press the space bar to find out what the program is doing, how many requests have been made, and a guesstimate of how long the rest is going to take. you can automate this output every 500 requests by turning on progress reporting by pressing ‘p’ (similarly, pressing it again will turn it off). 

read more about nikto: interactive
 



nikto: replay findings with the save option


when running nikto, you have the ability to save all findings in plaintext files by using the -save option. this option takes one argument, a directory name, which will be used or created to save all findings, one per text file. 
each file will be named in the following format: hostname_port_date_testid.txt 

read more about nikto: replay findings with the save option
 



nikto: installing and updating


it's no secret that the -update option hasn't done much in quite a while. this is not because the nikto project is dead or idle... it's simply because the update/release process requires manual work from humans (there is an open ticket on replacing the update system entirely).
in the meantime: run nikto directly from the git repo.
this is your best bet for keeping completely up-to-date, benefitting from the latest checks and enhancements, and keeping your installation running smoothly. 

read more about nikto: installing and updating
 



git extractor


i promised last time that i would do a git extractor and, yes, i came across a site in the real world that used git to manage its releases. a quick script later and i had its web.config file and all of the internal goodies.
there's a much more detailed write up and the tool at the corporate blog of the company i work for.
 

read more about git extractor
 



mercurial extractor


this is an expansion of part of a talk i did for owasp east midlands.
if you actually read the articles posted up here you may have read about the svnpristine extractor that was written in october 2012 and not released until february 2013 (hey, it takes me a while).
tools: tools & utils 

read more about mercurial extractor
 

pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
next ›
last »
 


 

 


copyright © 2025 cirt.net
designed by  zymphonies


 


