










firstpro: staffing & recruiting firm
 






































































































 



search jobsfacebooktwitterlinkedin




















 















 
about us recruitment services company history references and testimonials community involvement working for firstproresources employee resources candidate preparation remote staffing client resources blogspecialties accounting & finance information technology supply chain, engineering & logistics human resources & administration divisionmeet the team philadelphia boston corporatecontact ussearch jobs








 













delivering workforce solutions
since 1986






firstpro delivers top talent. our workforce solutions encompass a range of customizable strategies, delivery models, and tools aimed to address specific situational workforce challenges.






talent delivery models
professional services: deliverable based projects | workforce solution design
fulltime placement: executive & retained search
staff augmentation: contract | contract to hire | payroll


























accounting & finance


with over 50 experienced associates focused within the greater philadelphia and boston markets, the largest area of specialization for firstpro is accounting and finance services.


 


















information & technology


at firstpro's information & technology division, we excel in workforce optimization and customized services for philadelphia and boston. our focus is on rapid team integration and the long-term retention of valuable resources. we provide contract, contract to hire, and direct hire talent. 

 




















supply chain, engineering & logistics


the manufacturing and engineering team at firstpro specializes in placing supply chain, logistics, engineering, operations, technical and research development professionals at all levels. 

 


















professional services


with over 50 experienced associates focused within the greater philadelphia and boston markets, the newest area of specialization for firstpro is accounting and finance services. 

 































mike stanziolainformation technology 
							 philadelphia 
							contact 
							


 



lisa fuscoaccounting & finance  
							boston 
							contact 
							


 



abbi bennettaccounting & finance 
							 philadelphia 
							contact 
							


 



paul villenainformation technology 
							boston 
							contact 
							


 



darnell jamesaccounting & finance 
							 philadelphia 
							contact 
							


 



johanna el-khouryinformation technology 
							boston 
							contact 
							


 

























why choose us?






we value honesty, communication, and commitment, and we are dedicated to helping both candidates and clients create productive and meaningful long-term relationships. we focus on quality over quantity; we are committed to making a real impact on careers.
we value our time as well as the time of our clients and candidates, and we work with a sense of urgency. we work hard to positively manage the recruitment process from both sides. we are highly committed to the success of our clients and our candidates.












our people are our main asset






we go above and beyond for our clients and candidates, making it a priority to make a real impact on those we serve. our in-depth knowledge of our respective fields allows us to take a more consultative approach to recruiting.








meet the team















philadelphia office














philadelphia accounting and finance team














philadelphia information technology team
























boston office


















firstpro was founded in 1986 with four employees.






today the company is one of the largest and fastest-growing independent staffing and executive search firms in the united states with more than 115 employees and annual revenues exceeding $30 million. the corporate office consists of the executive staff.







meet the corporate team













a few words from  our clients & customers









 

you have been by far the most effective recruiter in matching our needs!

vp, it boston red sox 


 i wanted to thank you for your exceptional work in 2015.  you have been by far the most effective recruiter in matching our needs with quality candidates.  i’m very glad you brought your skills up north, despite the cold.  we look forward to working with you in 2016! 






 

their attention to detail is only trumped by the results they deliver!

medical guardian 

“thanking you once again for your support. to all my linkedin colleagues and associates, i highly recommend jeff and the firstpro team. they exude exactly what you would want from a partnership. their attention to detail is only trumped by the results they deliver.”



 




recent accolades







 









 


























our offices






philadelphia
1800 jfk blvd suite 1300
philadelphia, pa 19103
215-599-9001
boston
100 high street, suite 420
boston, ma 02110
617-393-5072
corporate
1340 center drive suite 204
atlanta, ga 30338
404-252-9422












 








 







connect with us on linkedin












 







search jobs







search job opportunities by job location and category.


























© 2023 firstpro. all rights reserved. privacy policy









 

































