georgia area cocaine anonymous – we're here and we're free   404-255-7787  helpline | we're here and we're free tmgeorgia area cocaine anonymous  homeabout cacontact usnewcomerwho is an addict?about meetingsthe first 30 daysself-test for cocaine addictionmeeting finderresourceseventshomeabout cacontact usnewcomerwho is an addict?about meetingsthe first 30 daysself-test for cocaine addictionmeeting finderresourcesevents   atlanta find a meeting go augusta find a meeting go columbus find a meeting go macon find a meeting go   what is cocaine anonymous?cocaine anonymous is a fellowship of men and women who share their experience, strength and hope with each other that they may solve their common problem and help others recover from their addiction. the best way to reach someone is to speak to them on a common level. the members of c.a. are all recovering addicts who maintain their individual sobriety by working with others. we come from various social, ethnic, economic and religious backgrounds, but what we have in common is addiction.  the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop using cocaine and all other mind-altering substances. anyone who wants to stop using cocaine and all other mind-altering substances (including alcohol and other drugs) is welcome.  there are no dues or fees for membership; we are fully self-supporting through our own contributions. we do ask for voluntary contributions at meetings to cover expenses such as coffee, rent, literature and services to help those who are still suffering. however, newcomers need not feel obligated to contribute. we do not accept donations from organizations or individuals outside the fellowship.  we are not allied with any sect, denomination, politics, organization or institution. in order to maintain our integrity and avoid any possible complications, we are not affiliated with any outside organization. although c.a. is a spiritual program, we do not align ourselves with any religion. our members are free to define their spirituality as they see fit. our individual members may have opinions of their own, but c.a. as a whole has no opinion on outside issues. we are not affiliated with any rehabs, recovery houses or hospitals, but many do refer their patients to cocaine anonymous to maintain their sobriety.  our primary purpose is to stay free from cocaine and all other mind-altering substances and to help others achieve the same freedom. the only purpose of cocaine anonymous is to offer recovery to individuals who are suffering from addiction. our experience has shown that the most effective way to attain and maintain sobriety is to work with others suffering from the same malady.  we use the twelve-step recovery program because it has already been proven that the twelve-step recovery program works. the steps of c.a. are adapted from the original twelve steps of alcoholics anonymous. the steps of cocaine anonymous read:  1. we admitted we were powerless over cocaine and all other mind-altering substances—that our lives had become unmanageable. 2. came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity. 3. made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of god as we understood him. 4. made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves. 5. admitted to god, to ourselves, and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs. 6. were entirely ready to have god remove all these defects of character. 7. humbly asked him to remove our shortcomings. 8. made a list of all persons we had harmed, and became willing to make amends to them all. 9. made direct amends to such people wherever possible, except when to do so would injure them or others. 10. continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly admitted it. 11. sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with god as we understood him, praying only for knowledge of his will for us and the power to carry that out. 12. having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps, we tried to carry this message to addicts, and to practice these principles in all our affairs.*  additional literature is available for more information on c.a.’s twelve steps.  preamble cocaine anonymous is a fellowship of men and women who share their experience, strength and hope with each other that they may solve their common problem and help others recover from their addiction. the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop using cocaine and all other mind-altering substances. there are no dues or fees for membership; we are fully self-supporting through our own contributions. we are not allied with any sect, denomination, politics, organization, or institution. we do not wish to engage in any controversy and we neither endorse nor oppose any causes. our primary purpose is to stay free from cocaine and all other mind-altering substances, and to help others achieve the same freedom.**  we use the twelve steps of recovery because it has already been proven that the twelve-step recovery program works.  *the twelve steps are reprinted with permission of alcoholics anonymous world services, inc. permission to reprint and adapt the twelve steps does not mean that a.a. is affiliated with this program. a.a. is a program of recovery from alcoholism. use of the steps in connection with programs and activities which are patterned after a.a. but which address other problems does not imply otherwise. the twelve steps of alcoholics anonymous: 1. we admitted we were powerless over alcohol—that our lives had become unmanageable. 2. came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity. 3. made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of god as we understood him. 4. made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves. 5. admitted to god, to ourselves, and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs. 6. were entirely ready to have god remove all these defects of character. 7. humbly asked him to remove our shortcomings. 8. made a list of all persons we had harmed, and became willing to make amends to them all. 9. made direct amends to such people wherever possible, except when to do so would injure them or others. 10. continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly admitted it. 11. sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with god as we understood him, praying only for knowledge of his will for us and the power to carry that out. 12. having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps, we tried to carry this message to alcoholics, and to practice these principles in all our affairs.**adapted with permission of the a.a. grapevine, inc.    infomacai will be meeting on the 1st wednesday of the month at 6:00 pm on zoom meeting id 945 3055 5725 passcode crackheadyou do not have to be an officer or chairperson to attend! upcoming meetingstimemeetinglocationregion6:30 pmboomerang group cowetta forcenewnan7:00 pmspiritual lines women's ca big book study womenfirst presbyterian church of mariettamarietta7:30 pmtoday’s hope st. stephen missionary baptist churchin-person and onlineeast pointview more… traveling?click here for international listing of phone numbersmailing addresspo box 464hoschton, ga. 30548 this world wide web site copyright © 2002-2024, georgia area cocaine anonymous, inc.  georgiaca.org site disclaimersplease direct technical comments or questions about this site to webservant. this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy   close privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   necessary   necessary always enabled necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information. save & accept