


	nurses service organization - nursing malpractice insurance - liability insurance nurses | nso



















































































 back


get a quote
renew now







who we cover
 


 
 
professional or student


 
 
business or practice


 
 
nursing institution


 
 
broker


 
 
personal insurance



learning
 


make a claim
 





support




login

loginindividual policybusiness owner policylife or health insurance


search


















get a quote


renew now















about us




support




login

individual policybusiness owner policylife or health insurance






 




your reliable partner for helping to safeguard your nursing career
as a nursing professional, your work is demanding and unpredictable. we understand the importance of your career and the risks you face. trust nso's professional liability insurance to help protect your career and license.

nurse | np | crna | cns | nursing student
get a quote
renew now








as a nursing professional, your work is demanding and unpredictable. we understand the importance of your career and the risks you face. trust nso's professional liability insurance to help protect your career and license.

nurse | np | crna | cns | nursing student
get a quote
renew now






looking for malpractice insurance?
first, tell us who you are:






professional and student
learn more









business or practice
learn more









nursing institution
learn more









broker
learn more














the many benefits of nso malpractice insurance for nurses.










comprehensive, low-cost plans

every nurse can afford malpractice insurance that can help protect a lifetime of work.


find out more







quick and easy online quotes

getting covered doesn't mean getting complicated. after all, you have enough to do every day.


get a quote







knowledge when you need it

nso nurses and experts have authored hundreds of articles, newsletters and videos to help you stay on top of an ever-changing health scene.


read more

































real nurses, real opinions.




here's what people like you have to say about nso malpractice insurance:












“i can work as a nurse and educator without worry.”
“i’ve had nso malpractice insurance since graduating from nursing school in 1982. i have always been comforted in the knowledge that nso was there if i needed them. though i've never had a single issue, nso is covering me on or off the job. i am able to work as a nurse and as an educator without worrying that my employers will cover me.”





nancy, msn, rn


 



“in a stressful time, nso took care of me.”
“it’s such an emotional time when the care we give our patients is questioned. to have all the red tape just disappear helped more than anything. i felt well taken care of, knowing that nso was helping me and providing the advice of a lawyer. i cried when they called to tell me my claim was paid promptly and in full.”





susy, bsn, rn


 



“nso is the only malpractice insurance i'll ever have.”
“working as a nurse practitioner, i was sued by a non-compliant patient. the best thing was having nso malpractice insurance. from the moment i notified them of my lawsuit i felt protected and supported. you owe it to yourself to have your own coverage. nso is the only malpractice insurance i will ever have.”





melissa, np















nso learning center




learn the latest insights and read important case histories from some of the best minds in nursing.














nurse practitioner case study: failure to diagnose

failure to diagnose is the most frequent malpractice allegation asserted against nurse practitioners. it accounts for 32.8% of all malpractice claims against nurse practitioners, according to the nurse practitioner claim report: 4th edition. failure to diagnose cancer and failure to diagnose infections account for 50% of failure to diagnose allegations.














nurse case study: failure to prevent and properly treat decubitus ulcer.
failure to prevent and properly treat decubitus ulcer – continues to stage iv – defense verdict. 












3 common nurse charting mistakes to avoid (part 1)
accurate and complete patient chart information is essential to providing the highest possible standard of care. here are simple tips to improve nurse charting, protect patients from treatment error and prevent potential malpractice liability.








there's so much more useful information in the nso learning center. you can even earn ce credit.



explore more










ready to enhance your risk management education?
stay up to date on industry insights, trends, and tips when you sign up to receive our exclusive monthly newsletter. you’ll receive case studies, industry insights, articles, videos, webinars, and more!
 
fill out my online form.










our partners





































































































































































































previous



next












×
subscribe




close















need help?

faqs


contact us:
individual coverage
phone: 1-800-247-1500
email: service@nso.com
practice/business coverage
phone: 215-660-0241
email: customer.service@nsocover.com
1100 virginia dr., ste. 250
ft. washington, pa 19034







nsos advisory board
who we cover
about us
home
make a claim
renew





personal insurance
our partners





commitment to consumer choice
coronavirus-covid-19 resource center
credibility statement
privacy statement
compensation and other disclosure information
insurance license information
association of perioperative registered nurses
sample certificate of insurance









meeting the insurance needs of nursing professionals for more than 40 years.

©2024 affinity insurance services™









 top
                            














