



	national association of professional process servers | napps























 any questions? call us: 1-800-477-8211 
 mail us



follow us:










find a process server
















national association of professional process servers


















toggle navigation
 menu





home
 

inside napps 

about us
board of directors
committees
history of napps

napps policy manual
napps code of ethics
napps bylaws

best practices

state associations

macdonald award
alan h. crowe memorial
honorary members

past presidents
retired members

online stores



become a member 

apply for membership
membership questions and answers
napps policy manual
napps code of ethics
napps bylaws
membership benefits



members only 

login
post a job
publications 
member forms 
grievance forms
expelled members
news
legislation



blogs 

arbitration & grievance 
international relations 
legislative
member benefits 
national relations 
promotion & growth
secure document trading  
social media marketing & education
state associations 
technology 


news & media



forms 

request for service
request for change of address or boxholder information
napps merchandise order form



vendors
 

faq
 

events 

upcoming events 
past conference events

 

contact us
 












become a member





join napps






find a process server




zip code:



miles:

note: distances are approximate as zip code areas can vary greatly in both shape and size.




search by: state, city or country







upcoming events





upcoming events








welcome to the national association of professional process servers (napps).

about napps

the national association of professional process servers (napps) is a worldwide organization of the largest community of professional process servers and the first resource for credible information regarding the profession. founded in 1982 in las vegas nv, napps today has well over 2,000 members representing all 50 states, the district of columbia, seven canadian provinces and nearly two dozen foreign countries. it is headquartered in portland, oregon.  
napps members assure a citizen’s right to due process and access to the legal system. to this end, a napps member is committed to being accountable, reliable and valuable to their legal clients, the courts, and the parties and witnesses they serve. membership is on an individual basis, and each member is expected to adhere to high ethical standards and have a thorough understanding of the napps code of conduct on which napps prides itself.   
join napps






             
            



napps 43rd annual conference




april 24-26, 2025
                        marriott orlando lakeside
                        orlando, florida



    













latest news












secure document trading service “sdts”
this service, will allow members of napps to send and receive documents free of charge with attorneys, paralegals, or anyone that locates a napps member on our website.
read more...











are you looking for a professional process server?
welcome to the national association professional process servers, better known as “napps” the largest worldwide community of professional process servers and the first resource for credible information regarding the profession. founded in 1982 by a group of concerned individuals to form a nationwide organization to fight proposed federal legislation adverse to the process serving profession.










napps board of directors



the 2023-24 board of directors, elected at the 41st annual conference in philadelphia, pa on april 22, 2023



















napps attends uihj permanent council meeting
uihj’s past presidents leo netten and françoise andrieux, with napps administrator gary crowe at the uihj spring 2019 permanent council meeting in berlin, germany
read more...



















new napps president, jillina kwiatkowski, sworn in
outgoing president michael kern swears in jillina kwiatkowski
read more...



















napps exhibits at nfpa
napps promotes its members at the national federation of paralegal associations (nfpa) annual conference
read more...



















2019 conference attendee fun
attendees at the 37th annual conference enjoy the benefits of education, networking with other professionals and catching up with good friends.
read more...



















napps represents on the uihj board 
the uihj’s board of directors, including napps secretary sue collins
read more...


















about napps

                                    napps is a worldwide organization of process servers that adhere to high ethical standards and are a collection of the most outstanding individuals in the profession.
                                













contact

 address: po box 4547 portland, or 97208-4547
 mail us: administrator
  phone: 1-800-477-8211
  fax: 503-222-3950





publications

the docket sheet 
napps monthly supplement  
the napps membership directory 

policies

privacy policy
refund policy
terms and conditions








© 2025 national association of professional process servers



























