





dac-art is best for stone and coastal homes

images of stone homes
                                                                                 


dac-art stone homes and coastal homes




default1


stone homes in dac-arttm

welcome to dac-arttm, 
the way to build a 
beautiful, storm proof, stone 
home that is of the architectural quality of old european homes and buildings. 
dac-arttm: a radical rethink of both stone homes 
and concrete homes.  

dac is an acronym for dial architectural components created by theodore dial. 
dial designs strong and durable homes to be built with his dac-arttm
building components. dial invented and developed 
dac-arttm from his studies of the limestone 
buildings in france and from his extensive experience restoring historic buildings 
in mobile al and new orleans la and in building from the age of 10.   
dac-arttm is his trademark. 
 
published in:  

concrete homes magazine,   

coastal 
living, diy, mobile press register, 


go to 


				projects        
  
go to dac-art.com













théodore dial:  (251) 490-1954  
			  to discuss planning your 
			  custom home project 



art ,
				architecture 

			  old world new way













 design, mould making, and sculpting by the dac-art 
				inventor, théodore dial.

              lundy wilder's dac-art stone cottage in coastal gulf shores, 
				alabama. it is on little 
				lagoon, and it's the birthplace of the great
				
				villa lagoon tile.  old world tile method for 
				cement or caustic tiles. 
 many european 
				buildings that inspired dial have cement tiles in many designs, 
				patterns and colors.  villa lagoon tile is now doing a 
				great job making  these for clients around the world. go to
				
				villa lagoon tile






go to 


projects

below: an example of 
                dial architecture, an italian dac-art villa in naples florida.  
				
				custom dac-art stone home designed by théodore dial 

















   
				







 



stone homes in dac-art show great geometric 
				diversity

above: back facade, dac-arttm, italian villa project, naples florida

théodore dial developed the dac-arttm concept and owns  
			  the trademark dac-arttm. 
				
				designing and building the best stone homes 
				today.

              above: italian villa project, naples fl 

 
				dial's objective is to achieve an effect beyond simple street 
				appeal, it's an experience inside and outside the  house of 
				a poetic substance that grabs the heart. more a work of art than 
				than of "construction."   



ted 
				and renée live in mid-town mobile al.  
				when visiting mobile, check with our friend malcolm steiner for 
				info on restaurants.  he has written 
				a great book on the history of mobile restaurants.  he maintains 
				a daily page of discussion on local restaurateurs. go to
				
old mobile restaurants




for your home construction project, you may have 
already rejected stick-built, wooden frame construction in favor of solid 
masonry or concrete.  dac-arttm
offers an alternative concept for using concrete, quite 
different from icf and from standard cinder blocks. a dac-arttm home
is the best 
option for those who want the best concrete home for many reasons, particularly 
because it appearance and 
it has the full effect of an european 
stone home built long ago.  

it is not surprising that dac-arttm is chosen for coastal homes 
where hurricane proof homes are needed.  a current beach home project in 
gulf shores  has 19-1/4" thick concrete walls.   dial does 
				custom homes that are one of a kind and highly unique for each 
				of his clients.  he designs all dac-arttm 
houses in a way that integrates the working drawings for the project into the extensive, 
technical mould drawings for each dac-arttm 
				component.  in his autocad drawings, his micro details then 
				serve his overall, macro design. he also sculpts artistic, 
				architectural details to bring the edifice up to a level 
				approaching what we see in paris and in other sources of 
				inspiration that his aimable clientèle brings to the 
table early in the planning stage.  





                 

              below: white dac-art stone in greenwich connecticut.  below 
				right: dial's sculpture for the greenwich stone home.

               

















                dial teaching tuck-pointing dac-art stone in greenwich

              below:  lodge project, a stone home in the north georgia mountains, custom design by théodore 
				dial

              elow:  lodge project, north georgia mountains



			    to see appropiate 
				floors for european stone homes, look at cement or caustic tile 
				inspired european history.  they are available today and 
				can be customized for your project. visit villa lagoon tile at 
				
http://www.villalagoontile.com/













stone homes today take on many design spans.  
				steel is therefore used from time to time.

              below: custom design by théodore dial.  
				in a seismic area, additional rebar is specified by the local 
				engineers.  with hollow cmu dac-arttm
				components that are 
				filled with a continuous concrete matrix, the monolithic walls 
				then give strength and protection against earthquakes,  as  
				well as providing a hurricane proof and fireproof defense. 

building a stone home in the woods is wise.  
				there is the chance of forest fires as well as the maintenance 
				concerns of the environment. 










dacology@me.com







			  above: gazelle & abbie, the pacificbelow: théodore, larry 
			  y abbie colbert



 





dac-art stone homes are 
				in all types of settings.  often, they are on the best of 
				dream home sites.  















			  above:  théodore  2010, hwy 1, oysters, chablis, pacific ocean









                all projects are designed by théodore dial 
			  and are 
				developed through dial's planning service. 













			  above: théodore dial with his entrance columns 











above: the scale of this dac-arttm stone home 
				allows a minimum ceiling height throughout of 15-1/2 feeet.







                théodore dial's 
				clients' homes capture completely the effect of old world, stone 
				homes when and where traditional architecture is desired. 
				traditional stone architecture is often the 
choice.  but 
with dac-arttm, modern styling is an option as well.  dial's approach is not limited to any particular 
architectural style.  but knowledge of and consistency in a style matters.  
				dial focuses on making the architectural details and designs 
consistent throughout the house in 
terms of the style chosen by the client.   



                 



				 

                below: east thirty-a project, seagrove beach fl, custom 
				design by théodore dial

			   



				 

                 





			  above:  jasmine dune deck on the 
				gulf, custom design by théodore dial 


				below:  jasmine dune interior ceiling with theodore's 
				sculpeted fish medallions.







				 

                 

			   







		 



                 

                below: en route, dac-art guest house.    devant chez panisse, retracing places in 
frank stitt history, soaking in regional influence for inspiration.
















go to  


				projects   



contact 
théodore 
				dial via 
 dacology@me.com



above: théodore dial 2010. orsay, nyc, pomerol, les saveurs.
below: central park

above:  gazelle and the granny guest house, ojong project, 
				sonoma ca at 2 miles from napa, ca, custom design by théodore 
				dial 
below:  
				nasello project, des gros bacs à fleurs et moulures en sallie, 
				custom design by théodore dial

                 























               



			     

			   

			     













			   







			    above: pensacola (gulf breeze) 
				dac-art home, custom designed architecture 
				by théodore dial

			    above: village of tannin, custom 
				design by théodore dial



			     

 

			     



			     

			    above:  dac-art home in birmingham alabama        
				architectural design and sculpture by theodore dial 

			     











			   

above:  théodore visiting the great interdisciplinary artist and famous 
			  french musician charlelie couture in new york.  his career 
			  and son oeuvre is monumental.  start with his official site 
				
http://www.charlelie-officiel.com/ and take the time to follow 
			  links and spend the time to understand the depth and scope of his 
			  work.   a video preview of his last concert tour in 
			  france is at  
			  
http://www.charlelie-officiel.com/tag/video/    
			    his visual art, on some unconscious level, captures for me 
			  a certain spirit of the modern city i know from my childhood 
			  growing up in an inner city neighborhood in birmingham al usa.  
cheers, 
			  théodore

                above:  springhill addition and garden, custom design by 
				théodore dial



			   

                below: inner city dac-art, a 3-story "single house" style in downtown 
				houston, tx., custom architectural design by théodore dial



			   







                 

                below:
                

golden project,  living-dining room

below: 


golden 
				project, custom 
				architectural design by théodore dial



                 

 






                 

                 

               



                 



               



                 

                above, interior, golden project          
				below: exterior, golden project         
				floor plan layout by patti golden

               



                 



               



                 

                below: dac-art stone pavillion (pavillon française), custom 
				architectural design by théodore dial

               



















                 

                 

               



 

contact 
théodore 
				dial via 
 dacology@me.com with 
			  your thoughts, your objectives, parameters, and criteria for your 
			  project.  

go to 


projects
 
 
 
     
go to 

projects                                          
			  théodore 
				dial 
 dacology@me.com 


contact 
théodore 
				dial via 
 dacology@me.com     























contact 
théodore 
				dial via 
 dacology@me.com with 
			  your thoughts, your objectives, parameters, and criteria for your 
			  project.  







above and below: maison française, mountain brook al   custom 
		home and architectural design and sculpted details by théodore dial.  
		built by dial construction, inc.











 






 


 













théodore 
				dial

contact 
théodore 
				dial via 
 dacology@me.com with 
			  your thoughts, your objectives, parameters, and criteria for your 
			  project.  

l 

