

the poker forum.com - an interactive poker information source for poker players everywhere. features include:discussion forum, poker tournament news, poker rules, poker articles, free casino games, book reviews, poker books for sale, poker news and more





































 

interactive


poker room
live 
            chat



information


hand 
            rankings


poker reading


articles
trip 
            reports
stories
book 
            reviews
poker 
            books


tournament poker


info 
            center
schedules

wpt


miscellaneous


hall 
            of fame
free 
            games
e-mail 
            login



reach us





 





















poker room
poker forum











 join our free poker room. just enter a username, password and a valid email address. the poker room offers texas hold'em, omaha, and omaha hi-lo. play no limit, pot limit, or limit: ring games, tournaments or heads up poker.
  sign-up for the poker room
 








 register in our poker forum and participate in the discussion. sign-up is quick and easy. ask questions or just give your opinion. there are several forums to read and post in: live poker, online poker, tournament poker, etc.

 join our poker forum




2013 world series of poker











 the winner of the $10,000 buy-in wsop main event championship was ryan riess, originally
from waterford, mi (usa). he now lives in las vegas.
riess is a 23-year-old professional poker player. he has been playing since he was 14 years old.
  ryan riess wins 2013 world series of poker




 poker articles
poker news
online poker











 the play in today's poker tournaments is significantly different than it was just a few years ago. loose aggressive play is far more common, as are smaller sized raises, and raises and reraises with weaker hand values. many factors have led to this new style,...
  the raiser's edge
 








   the high-stakes action of the world series of poker returns to the mid-south when harrah's tunica hosts its wsop circuit event january 23 through february 3, 2014. one of the circuit's flagship stops, over $35 million in prize money has been...

 wsop circuit tunica 2014
 








 new player $1,500 freeroll.
                                              where: party poker
                                              when:14:00 et,every saturday
                                              to be eligible you must have made your first deposit within the 60 days prior to the start of the tournament.

 new player $1,500 freeroll



world  poker tour












 world poker tour® is expanding its already substantial season xii schedule with the addition of the exciting new wpt® fallsview poker classic in february 2014. following on the success of its recent events in montreal, wpt is giving canadian players another opportunity to compete for the chance to have their name etched onto the prestigious wpt champions cup...
  world poker tour® returns to canada for the wpt® fallsview poker classic





2013 world  poker finals












 the $2,700 no limit hold'em main event at the 2013 foxwoods world poker finals had 302 entrants start play on friday
and saturday battling it out for a piece of the $732,350 prize
pool. fifty six returned at noon on sunday for day three action. play continued for just over four hours before the money was
  reached, and another five hours before play was over for the
  night with twelve players remaining.
  will "the thrill" failla takes the championship trophy
commemorative watch and top prize money of $128,306!





heartland  poker tour












 heartland poker tour completed 2013 with their 20th stop of season ix, making it a record year for the televised poker tour.  the recent stop in gary, indiana also pushed hpt past the $50 million mark in prize money awarded to date.  over $152k of it went to the latest champ, edward ochana...
  hpt wraps up record year in chicagoland

best poker sites for uk players
with so many poker sites available to uk players today, choosing the best one can be challenging. according to bestcasinosites.net, the top poker sites offer something unique - whether it's a generous welcome bonus, a wide variety of games, an excellent mobile app, or sometimes all of the above. take the time to research the available sites to find the one that best suits your needs.





poker poll
poker on tv









 

 













home
free poker room
hand rankings



hall of fame
online poker
info center 
schedules


wsop
articles
trip reports
stories
book reviews


poker books
poker on tv
poker cartoon
chat


wpt
e-mail














party poker
  poker room


pokerstars
  100% deposit bonus















