



































































independent record | breaking news | | read helena, mt and montana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















12°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



406 politics



business



education



nation & world



history



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



guest/columnists




sports


high school



carroll college



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



dining



movies & tv



music



comics



games



contests and promotions



play



outdoors



people



celebrations



food



health



get healthy



parenting



home & garden



pets



faith



travel



outdoors



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscription


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires








12°
cloudy
























        
        
            state rep. accuses 'big tobacco' companies of lobbying violations at montana legislature

rep. ron marshall claims two of the tobacco industry's largest players have been violating a settlement agreement to not engage in lobbying activities that would reduce youth access to products. 

















        
        
            frontier basketball roundup: carroll achieves triple digits, rocky wins 'receiving votes' battle, hisbadhorse lifts msun

thursday's frontier conference theme, as the league standings go through final changes, was: tightening. everything, nearly every team, got bunched closer together following league-leader tumbles.

















        
        
            judge upholds public service commission redistricting map drawn in 2023

the judge said regier consistently during the 2023 session denied relying on political considerations and told others he didn't know how to check the partisan lean of his proposed districts.

















        
        
            state health officials: 'widespread' influenza outbreaks across montana

there have been 16 influenza-associated deaths in montana since the start of last fall and seven covid-associated deaths in the state.

















        
        
            organizations brace for immediate effects of mt 'bathroom bill' awaiting gov's signature

house bill 121 could wreak havoc on public employees, open up government agencies to legal battles and thrust financial costs on already-strapped programs, organizations say.

















        
        
            montana looks to regulate prior authorization as patients, providers decry obstacles to care

patients and their health care providers are saying it’s time montana joined many other states in limiting how and when insurers can deny drugs or treatments through their preapproval process.

















        
        
            green to step down from montana department of commerce

green was in the role for roughly a year after being tapped by republican gov. greg gianforte last year. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            no e-edition for friday. find the helena ir’s latest local and statewide coverage here


















        
        
            state rep. accuses 'big tobacco' companies of lobbying violations at montana legislature


















        
        
            organizations brace for immediate effects of mt 'bathroom bill' awaiting gov's signature















                
                the latest



















        
        
            helena neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published in independent record 




















        
        
            no e-edition for friday. find the helena ir’s latest local and statewide coverage here

companywide technology issues continue to impact the helena ir's ability to fully prepare and publish an online e-edition. here are the latest local and statewide headlines. 





















        
        
            february 13 recap: helena news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 




















        
        
            missoula businessman admits stealing $800k from marijuana companies

“clawson only paid small portions of the taxes his clients owed and used the remainder of the funds on his personal expenses and unrelated debts,” prosecutors alleged.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            the national anthem on thursday at the montana state wrestling tournament




















        
        
            billings west's zach morse opens state wrestling tournament with a pin




















        
        
            great falls wrestler kale baumann opens state wrestling with a pin




















        
        
            highlights: montana state bobcats 74, weber state wildcats 66












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            the national anthem on thursday at the montana state wrestling tournament

the three-day tournament started thursday afternoon at the metra in billings. 





















        
        
            billings west's zach morse opens state wrestling tournament with a pin

the 118-pounder is aiming to win his fourth state title. 





















        
        
            great falls wrestler kale baumann opens state wrestling with a pin

the 157-pounder is aiming to close his high school career with a state title. 




















        
        
            state wrestling notebook: great falls' kale baumann one of the state's best

baumann is seeking to end his career with a state championship after three second-place finishes. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.




















        
        
            late artist jaune quick-to-see smith gives a final work to montana

smith broke barriers for native art and exhibited at major museums around the u.s. before she died last month, she planned a large-scale sculpture for the missoula art museum.




















        
        
            sturgill simpson announces bozeman concert

the outlaw country superstar is bringing his evocatively titled "who the f*** is johnny blue skies?" tour to the brick breeden fieldhouse on april 17. tickets go on sale wednesday.  

















                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            maintain client communication throughout the holidays with these respectful tips

contributor content. maintaining client communication around the holiday season is all about showing appreciation, respect and understanding. remember that a little thoughtfulness goes a long way in fostering lasting client connections that extend well beyond the holiday season.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            fear of white coats: how to overcome iatrophobia, a fear of doctors

get healthy. it’s common to be nervous before a doctor’s appointment. but having a phobia means much more than general anxiety. here are a few signs that point to iatrophobia.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            jorgenson's inn & suites


                                for reservations call
                            


                                        1714 11th ave, helena, mt 59601
                                    



 website






















        
        
            tire rama stevensville



                                        46 stevensville cuttoff road west, stevensville, mt 59870
                                    






















        
        
            hair designs by katz



                                        1210 12th st w, billings, mt 59102
                                    




































        
        
            best of helena 2025



















×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


special sections

online features

get healthy




services


e-edition

email delivery

subscribe to print or digital

manage active subscription

contact us

advertise

classifieds

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        independent record, 2222 n. washington street helena, mt 59602
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































