




maximum metal
































features .
reviews .
interviews .
columns .
galleries .
extras  






staff year end awards for 2024!posted on 12/31/2024we've gathered up our thoughts on the hard rock/metal releases of 2024! there are so many releases put out in this age of do-it-yourself creation that you may see names you missed, older bands you forgot existed or unknowns to look up and sample. it's all about getting the word out and supporting the music!  see what all the staff chose for the year end here:  [full column link]more features column new rusted metal column: defender - they came over the high pass!posted on: 12/30/2023 column staff year end awards for 2023!posted on: 12/29/2023 column staff year end awards for 2022!posted on: 12/22/2022 interview exclusive interview with ray alder (fates warning) on his new band--a-z!posted on: 8/4/2022 column staff year end awards for 2021!posted on: 12/30/2021
archive features >>>

more interviews







 eddie jackson

 bassist for queensryche
"i'm just very fortunate and grateful to be doing this 40 years later."










 fates warning

 jim matheos 
"i get excited and inspired when things don't necessarily "line up"










 redemption

 nick van dyk
"the difference between a good show and a great show is the exchange of energy between the
            band and the audience."



archive interviews >>>

 

featured video tracks


king diamond - spider lilly 


burning witches  mirror, mirror

as the world dies  dark oblivion  

sorceress of sin  reina

exodus rising  paradise lost 

blue oyster cult  i love the night 

spiders  what's your game (miss insane)

ammify  homesick  

bonfire  i will rise   

living gate  to cut off the head...

still wave  starwound

eeuwig  the hourglass 

jenner  not even you  

butcher babies  sincerity

crimson shadows  dawn of an age

maatkare  rise to power

charons claw  log out   

caelestia  siren

ammonoid hands all over

contorted  eon of the dissident 

tomorrow's outlook  silver ghost 


 

feature promos




epic metalcrimson shadowsguardians power/death hybrid from canadaprog doomammonoidpierce the veil progressive psychedelic doomheavy metaldragons of krulljourney to the black fortress heavy metal based on the 1983 movieprog mixoceans of nightmindstorm progressive rock and modern heavy metaheavy metaldvnevoidkind post metal, doom, and progressive rockheavy metaltoxikullwarriors collection leather-jacket wearing maniacsdeathentheosan end to everything progressive death metal duo





latest reviews


seven kingdoms zenith meat and bones power metalprimordial serpent the winter warrior all-out assault of resilient retro grade madnessit is dead a place of darkness blackened doom with dark ritualistic undertones

archive reviews >>>


connect with us





   
      
                
      
        








editor's web picks
 




the interactive metal genres graph --bound by metal

heavy metal dating site --bound by metal

 


 
 





 

 

 

 


  © maximum metal 2003-2022. all rights reserved. metal never dies
