





persian & himalayan cat rescue – 925-838-1838 or info@persiancats.org – po box 475482, san francisco, ca 94147




































skip to the content




persian & himalayan cat rescue925-838-1838 or info@persiancats.org - po box 475482, san francisco, ca 94147




 
menu






home
available cats
how to adopt
adopted cats

adopted cats
happy tails
memorials


about/contact

about phcr
how you can help












close menu
 


home
available cats
how to adopt
adopted catsshow sub menu

adopted cats
happy tails
memorials


about/contactshow sub menu

about phcr
how you can help


















persian & himalayan cat rescue of northern california


 
											scroll down										










it’s pretty quiet around here right now, with all of our most recent cants having made their way to happy homes.  but, we’ve been here before, right?  we’re sure some darling persians will be coming our way very soon.  watch this space…
available for adoption – now featuring…

fuji – adopted!!

neutered male 7 months old black and white exotic shorthair cat allergies are so unfortunate, especially when they result it a cat having to lose his home. but maybe they…click for full text…


casper – adopted!!

neutered male 6 months old white exotic shorthair persian casper is a friendly (non) ghost. he doesn’t let the fact that he’s stunningly gorgeous with those golden eyes go to…click for full text…


for a recap of 2024, check out our holiday letter on the link below.
2024 phcr holiday newsletter
since 1990, as a dedicated group of volunteers, it has been our mission to rescue and re-home persian cats from shelters, vets and owners who need help re-homing their pets.adopted cats must be indoors only, and no de-clawing!for more, read about us here.
other resources
we are located in northern california and don’t ship cats. below are other sites that support re-homing persians across the country:
• petfinder• petharbor
on facebook:

persian rescue network
persian cat health group not placing cats, but a good source of health info

contact us if you need to re-home your cat or if a cat outside of northern california needs help.
donate to phcr via paypal






for other ways to donate, click here

for info, call pat – 925-838-1838









phcr privacy statementprivacy statementlog in 

 we do not ship cats
we are a non-profit 501-[c]3 corporation.

 







©
							2025							persian & himalayan cat rescue

phcr privacy statement


								powered by wordpress							




							to the top ↑ 

							up ↑ 





