









quick launch bar. image and picture viewers. graphics software and context menu extensions from contextmagic.com













 
 


home   |  
        downloads   |  
        purchase   |  
        contact us   


 















image and picture viewer. quick launch menu. context menu extension.















products





clickyes software 


context magic 


favorite shortcuts 


context thumbview 


instant thumbview 








services





free downloads 


online purchase 


help & support 







newsletter







to receive news on new software releases or updates enter your email address here:





















clickyes pro 2010 
			v3.9.3
(updated on august 10, 2022)









clickyes pro 2010 is a tuning tool for microsoft outlook security settings. 
                it allows to configure which applications can automatically send emails using outlook and access email addresses 
                stored in outlook address book.

                clickyes pro 2010 runs as a background task providing a convenient icon in the taskbar notification area to manage 
                allowed applications. it uses the encrypted storage and is highly secure and safe.

                if you use an application that triggers the outlook security warnings, you will find this software very handy.





find out more... |
                download free trial |
                buy now... 





note. this software works under microsoft windows desktop operating systems (64-bit and 32-bit), microsoft windows server operating systems (64-bit and 32-bit), and supports all 
				32-bit microsoft outlook versions (including outlook 365, 
				outlook 2016 and outlook 2019).


context thumbview v1.8.6






context thumbview is a small picture viewer that provides image 
                files preview directly in the right-click menu. it supports most of popular image file formats, including 
                bmp, gif, jpeg, png, tiff, pcx, wmf, emf and is very handy for quick image viewing. 

                to launch context thumbview, just right-click on an image file in windows explorer. it allows to save 
                thumbnails, send them by email or copy to the windows clipboard.

                as a shell context menu extension it is available in any explorer window, including search results, 
                open and save as dialog boxes.

                thumbnail dimensions and additional displaying options can be changed using configuration manager.





find out more... |
                download free trial |
                buy now... 





note. this software requires windows xp/2003 or windows 95/nt 
                with internet explorer 4.0 (or later) and windows desktop update installed.  


instant thumbview v1.8.6






instant thumbview is a tiny image viewer that displays image 
                thumbnails in a tooltip window, when mouse pointer is hovered over an image file in windows explorer. it 
                supports a lot of popular image file formats, including bmp, gif, jpeg, png, wmf, emf, tiff and is very handy 
                for quick image viewing.

                to bring it up open any folder with image files in windows explorer, and place your mouse pointer over an image 
                file name. you will see the thumbnail of selected image file in a small popup window just next to the mouse 
                pointer.

                thumbnail dimensions, additional displaying options and a list of image file formats can be changed using  
                configuration manager. 





find out more... |
                download free trial |
                buy now... 





note. this software requires windows xp/2003 or windows 95/nt 
                with internet explorer 4.0 (or later) and windows desktop update installed.  


favorite shortcuts v1.8.3











favorite shortcuts is a very easy-to-use desktop quick launch menu 
                that provides fast one-click access to the hierarchical list of favorite programs, documents and folders, 
                windows quick launch items as well as lists of most recently used documents and folders. 

                it is available as a hotkey-called popup menu, as an additional submenu in the desktop context menu, in a folder 
                background shortcut menu, in the windows explorer file menu, in the internet explorer favorites 
                menu and as an optional icon in the taskbar (system tray). 

                to bring it up, right-click on the desktop (or any other folder empty spot), point to favorite shortcuts, 
                and then click an item in the popup menu. also this quick launch menu available on right-clicking or 
                left-clicking the favorite shortcuts system tray icon or pressing the correspondent keyboard buttons (hotkeys).

                setup procedure creates preconfigured sets of shortcuts to essential windows locations like my documents, my 
                pictures, my music, control panel, administrative tools, quick launch and so on.

                with favorite shortcuts, anyone regardless of the skill level can organize quick launch and clear  
                unnecessary icons from the desktop.





find out more... |
                download free trial |
                buy now... 





note. this software requires windows xp/2003 or windows 95/nt 
                with internet explorer 4.0 (or later) and windows desktop update installed.  


context magic v1.1.b5 (free edition)






context magic is a windows explorer context menu extension that greatly 
                extends functionality of the standard send to menu and allows to manage files and folders with a few 
                mouse clicks.

                you can easily copy or move files to your favorite folders, open them with your favorite programs, send by email 
                and lot more.

                to bring it up, just right-click a file or folder in the windows explorer, and point to context magic in 
                the pop-up menu. 





find out more... |
                download free version 





note. this software requires windows xp/2003 or windows 95/nt 
                with internet explorer 4.0 (or later) and windows desktop update installed.  















latest news





 


january 28, 2025
clickyes pro 2020 v4.3.1 version released. 
august 10, 2022
clickyes pro 2010 v3.9.3 released. 


 







useful links





 
have you ever looked for a 
                  picture viewer providing image files preview directly 
                  in windows explorer right-click context menu? find out more about
                  right-click thumbnail viewer. 
 


 

 


 
wondered if it's possible to open the quick launch folder in 
                  windows explorer? learn how to do this 
                  using favorite shortcuts. 
 
















  
        
 
         send 
   |  
        
 
         print 
   |  
        
 
         faq 



















