


	default














 

the home of books on preserved tanks
			armour archivepublications

 






 







 







 


the aim of armour archive is to track down, record and publish 
			the details of all preserved armoured vehicles around the world. 
			this includes vehicles in museums and private collections; 
			memorials; and battlefield, roadside and range relics.

			the vehicles covered are fully tracked armoured fighting vehicles (afvs), 
			namely tanks and self-propelled guns and vehicles based on their 
			chassis. it does not cover other fully-tracked vehicles, such as 
			armoured personnel carriers, unless they are based on tank chassis, 
			though it may be extended to cover these in the future. it does not 
			cover half-tracked or wheeled vehicles (usually described 
			collectively as "military vehicles") and there are no plans to 
			extend it to cover these.

			tanks of all nationalities are covered, from the sherman to the 
			tiger, centurion to chaffee, m13/40 to t-72. all countries of the 
			world are also covered, although there is naturally a greater 
			emphasis on those which have seen the most tank warfare, such as 
			western europe, russia and the middle east, because of the large 
			numbers of surviving battlefield relics in these places.

			the register was started in 1982 and since then the author has 
			visited nearly all large tank collections around the world and 
			hundreds of small ones. however, a large amount of information in 
			the archive is provided by other enthusiasts, and it has only been 
			through their help that the vehicle lists have become so extensive. 
			although records are kept on all vehicles and countries, in recent 
			years efforts have been made to concentrate on one particular 
			country or vehicle nationality at a time and to then produce guides 
			in book form as armour archive publications.

			books published so far:

preserved tanks in france (april 1994)
preserved german tanks volume 1: a7v to panzer iv (december 
				1994)
preserved german tanks 2 volume 2: panzer v panther to 
				leopard 2 (december 1995)
preserved tanks in russia (july 1997)
preserved tanks in france - second edition (may 2007)

other draft publications have been made available 
			for free download.
trevor larkum, february 2008








preserved german tanks: a7v to panzer iv
german light and medium tanks of the first and second world wars - preserved as memorials and relics, and exhibits in museums and collections. 

								view full details

 
 






preserved german tanks 2: panzer v panther to leopard 2
covers 180 german fully-tracked vehicles around the world, including at saumur, bovington, aberdeen proving ground, fort knox, and munster. 

								view full details

 
 






preserved tanks in france
a guide book to preserved armoured vehicles in france, with special emphasis on normandy and the d-day beaches, and the saumur collection. 

								view full details

 
 






preserved tanks in russia
a guide book to preserved armoured vehicles in russia, ukraine, belarus and the other countries of the c.i.s. 

								view full details

 
 






 






 

 






		all content copyright © 2008 trevor larkum. and respective rights holders. all rights reserved.powered by microsoft® expression® web






