






heron ridge golf club  -  virginia beach, va























2973 heron ridge drvirginia beach, va 23456
call the pro shop:(757) 426-3800
 
book a tee time











hometee timesratesmembershipseventsevents pricing & infoevent calendarevent resultsgolf lessonsinstruction informationhandicap informationgift cardsspecialscontactcontact usreceive exclusive deals




















                            welcome to heron ridge golf club
                            
                        
virginia beach, va
book a tee time














tee timesmembershipseventscontact












heron ridge, which features 14 holes with lakes, water hazards or natural wetlands winds around a unique setting of tall oak, beech & elm trees, wetlands, natural depressions and uncommon elevation changes, topography that is not typically found in this geographical area. all of these elements lead to a unique feel on each and every hole and provides a more memorable experience for those that take on the challenge. 



receive exclusive deals



join our mailing list and be the first to receive golf updates and tee time deals. 


  
  
 



































book now
start playing













memberships
join heron ridge













events
and outings













connect
contact us

















latest news
check out our latest articles and blog posts




heron ridge fall classic


thanks to our all who played in this year's hr fall classic.  attached are the final...

												read more





par 3 series events

heron ridge hosts par 3 contests prior to each major golf championship. 
 
2025...

												read more





heron ridge invitational


 
 
to download your 2025 heron ridge invitational application click here
 
the...

												read more















find and connect with us
2973 heron ridge dr
virginia beach, va 23456
phone: (757) 426-3800








javascript must be enabled in order for you to use google maps. however, it seems javascript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. to view google maps, enable javascript by changing your browser options, and then try again.













hometee timesratesmembershipseventsgolf lessonsgift cardsspecialscontact

© 2022 heron ridge golf clubdesigned and hosted by 121 marketingcontact us | site map



book a tee time


hometee timesratesmembershipseventsevents pricing & infoevent calendarevent resultsgolf lessonsinstruction informationhandicap informationgift cardsspecialscontactcontact usreceive exclusive deals






