










everything for mold making & casting - reynolds advanced materials




















shop online my account



search





locations

allentown
atlanta
charlotte
chicago
dallas
denver
detroit
edmonton
los angeles
orlando
phoenix
seattle

products

adhesives
buddy rhodes concrete products
colorants, paints, and fillers
concrete materials and additives
epoxies – casting resins
epoxies – coatings
epoxies – laminating
epoxies – putties
gypsums and plaster
latex rubbers
lifecasting – alginates
lifecasting – silicones
makeup fx materials
modified gypsums and additives
release agents and sealers
sculpting clays and epoxies
silicone foams
silicone rubbers – platinum cure
silicone rubbers – tin cure
starter kits
tools and equipment
urethane foams – flexible
urethane foams – rigid
urethane plastics – rigid and semi-rigid
urethane rubbers

applications

aquariums, zoos, and themed environments
architectural restoration
candle making
concrete casting
cosplay
encapsulation & display
flame rated materials
food related
home projects & hobbies
industrial
lifecasting
medical simulation
modelmaking
orthotics & prosthetics
prototyping & inventing
sculpture & art casting
special effects & props
sprayable rubber & plastic
taxidermy
vacuum bagging
woodworking

seminars

hands-on seminars
lecture series
college seminars







loading


materials for making things®


materials for making things®
flexfoam-it!™ flexible expanding foam
the strongest flexible casting foams available anywhere. add color pigments & cast magic™ powders for an endless variety of bright metallic, glitter & color effects.






new & featured products





mold star 15, 16 & 30
1a:1b mix by volume, low viscosity platinum liquid silicone rubbers. no vacuum degassing needed.
learn more





maker pro paint
scenic design paint system of industrial-grade paints. no-voc, water based acrylic-urethanes.
learn more





smooth-cast 300 series
ultra low viscosity, 1:1 mix ratio white liquid casting resins
learn more





chavant alien clay
one of the most versatile clays available (sculpt, brush on, trowel on or pour) allowing for quick build-up and sculpting perfect detail.
learn more





mold max series
high performance tin-catalyzed liquid silicone rubbers in shore hardnesses from 10a - 40a
learn more




reynolds social

powered by curator.io




news and community spotlights


engineering empowerment: how a biomedical class inspired a life-changing prosthetic project
maggie collier's life took an unexpected turn during a spring day in her biomedical engineering class, taught by david laiho. (read more)



sculptures that look good enough to eat
walking through the hartsfield jackson international airport, between gates t12 and t16 you might stumble across a stacked collage of rainbow ice cream melting right off the cones. in fact, this is not ice cream at all, but the work of artist and sculptor jourdan joly. (read more)



jurassic merman productions: how wesley croft turned his mermaid passion into a career
wesley croft, founder of jurassic merman productions, has transformed his lifelong passion for mermaids into a thriving business. wesley's journey began with a love for sculpting and art, a hobby that provided solace, especially after a car accident left him with spinal injuries. swimming, particularly as a merman, became a therapeutic outlet for him, blending his interests in free diving and mermaids. (read more)



harvard museum of the ancient near east recasts antiquity
the giant plaster castings of ancient reliefs in the harvard museum of the ancient near east are rejuvenated with the help of modern moldmaking materials (read more)



customer spotlight – scenery first
allentown – we have our spotlight on scenery first, a philadelphia company that manufactures scenery, displays, and event décor. the company was recently approached to create pieces for the museum of the american revolution located in philadelphia, pa. we caught up with jack doyle the company’s founder for an inside look at the exhibit and for a quick q&a about creating and recreating museum pieces. (read more)



epic cosplay creations by dovah design
sam geist, owner of dovah design, is an imaginative cosplayer and propmaker who epitomizes the essence of learning through doing. her cosplay journey, sparked by the enchanting realms of the video game skyrim in 2014, rapidly transitioned from experimenting with basic materials like worbla, expanding foam, and eva to mastering the art of mold making and casting. (read more)






let us help you with your project

reynolds advanced materials specializes in turning ideas into a physical reality by showing you materials that can do things you never thought possible.
we help people from the us and canada convert concepts and project designs into a finished product. we’re easy to talk to and our expertise can guide you to the right materials and/or equipment for your application.







video gallery

 
browse our video library


frequently asked questions

 
read our frequently asked questions


moldmakers for hire

 
click here for list


product catalog

 
view our catalog online
vea en español
order a free copy


newsletter signup

 
click here to sign up


material calculator
tools to help you estimate the amount of materials needed for your project.

 
view calculators


tech spec overview charts

 
download reference spec charts pdf




about reynolds advanced materials
since 1963, reynolds advanced materials has been a go-to source for anyone looking to turn ideas into physical realities. we're more than a supplier of mold rubber and casting resins – we're a team passionate about helping you make your project designs come to life. whether you're in the us or canada, we offer expert guidance to find the right materials and equipment for your specific needs. think of us as your creative partner in the incredible world of materials, here to show you possibilities you might never have imagined.

follow us on: 







careers
if you are interested in an exciting career in the material world, click here to visit our careers page. we are often hiring for a wide variety of positions as we continually expand.


policies & notices

terms & conditions
shipping & returns policy
privacy & cookie policy
technical assistance policy
admittance to our facilities


quick links

home
contact us
faqs
moldmakers for hire


we accept







need to call us? (888) 904-1999 or click here to find the phone number to your closest branch.
©2025 reynolds advanced materials, all rights reserved. use of this website is subject to our terms of use.











