







home - national police accountability project (npap)







































































































toggle menu







































about us
in the courts

co-counsel program
current cases

bartie v. lasalle et. al
glendening et. al v. howard et. al
lewis et. al. v. rosenberg police department et. al.
harris et. al. v. dobbins et. al.
desir v. broward county et. al.
renney v. alabama department of corrections et. al.
mary moore and gary thomas jr. v. sheriff johnny barnes et. al.
transparency cases


amicus briefs


legislative advocacy

policy white papers
new york state justice roadmap
end solitary confinement act
current session: by issue area

compensating victims of police misconduct
ending solitary confinement
ending the myth of “excited delirium”
ensuring community control of police
expanding accountability
limiting contact between police and the public
mandating transparency
removing dogs from policing
opposing the criminalization of filming the police
opposing the criminalization of immigrant communities
opposing the increased presence of police in schools


legislative advocacy archive

2023 legislative cycle
2022 legislative cycle
2021 legislative cycle
2020 legislative cycle




public resources

find an attorney
public learning materials
blog & news


join/renew

for attorneys and legal workers
for law students


events

january 23, 2025 – virtual – lunch with an expert series: russ hicks, policing practices expert
february 6, 2025 – in-person, baltimore, md – first steps towards justice: an overview of preserving claims for incarcerated clients
february 27, 2025 – virtual – law student strategy space
april 24 – 25, 2025 – hybrid: long beach, ca – litigating for resistance: strategies and tactics to challenge government oppression in 2025
october 23 – 24, 2025 – fall hybrid cle: kansas city, mo


donate
login
 



























empowering communities and demanding justice! view our 2024 annual report here.






 





accountability 

project. 

national police  

brought to you by the national lawyers guild. 


become a member  







ending  

abuse of authority. 

dedicated to 

legal action, public education, & support.
 

become a member  







of police misconduct. 

supporting victims 

join our national database of legal experts. 

become a member  







litigation 

support. 

trailblazing 

take action against officer misconduct. 

become a member  



 



 


















nationwide network



gain access to a members only listserv & networking opportunities. 














 equip to take action



training, education, and resources for legal workers, and law students. 














members-only prices



reduced rates at cle seminars and on npap publications. 

















				find an attorney in			











				search attorneys			




















we are dedicated to holding law enforcement accountable for misconduct in our communities. check back here for upcoming seminars.















support npap today







				donate now			






















				news & perspectives			















all


court cases


detention


lawsuits


police misconduct


policy
















									dr. mlk, jr: a legacy of grassroots activism								




police misconduct 















									npap and the aclu help kansas make historic move to end nation’s longest wait for inmate mental health treatment								




court cases 















									elections 2024: police accountability is on the ballot								




police misconduct 















“in the continuing struggle to ensure accountability in policing and to provide effective legal remedies for police misconduct, npap has played and continues to play the most critical role of organizations dedicated to these principles.”– david rudovsky civil rights lawyer; co-author, police misconduct: law and litigations











 join our community of legal workers and supporters across the country.  







				become a member			
















 




					the national police accountability project is a project of the national lawyers guild, a non-profit membership organization of plaintiffs’ lawyers, law students and legal workers dedicated to ending law enforcement and detention officer abuse of authority. 				


 about
blog
careers
cles & events

contact npap: operations.npap@nlg.org
 
for media requests:
media.npap@nlg.org
 
national police accountability project
p.o. box 508
redmond, wa 98073
 

 









 


copyright © 2019 national police accountability project. all rights reserved.
 











 















 






