






metal working digest – manfucturing and related articles































		skip to content	



 



metal working digest
manfucturing and related articles

  
			scroll down to content		








posts





posted on cnc machine basics 

variables on the performance of cnc machines may be different from 1 cnc type to another. cnc machines are available is several distinct kinds.
cnc machine principles should be known as benefits. the advantages of a cnc machine will be the exact same for each machine because it’s for every company who owns one. computer aided technology is an excellent thing. a cnc machine offers that advantage to its owners. intervention from the worker is needed less, since the machine does all of the work when the software is programmed to the specifications needed. this frees up the worker to execute other jobs if necessary.
cnc machines offer these benefits:
fewer mistakes brought on by human error
consistent machining each and every time
precise machining each and every time
reduced operator fatigue, if any at all
frees up the operator to perform other jobs
speeds up production
reduces waste
skill level to operate machine is reduced (must know how to program the software)
these are only a couple of the advantages which cnc machines have to offer. they offer a number of other advantages that are determined by the type of cnc machine which is used.
now, with all the cnc machines, set up time is radically reduced. it is pretty much as simple as loading another software application.
cnc machines operate not just via a computer software program, they’re motion controlled and function on many different axes based upon the sort of the machine. the cnc lathe machine operates on the y and x axis unlike the 5 axis machines which are currently available on the marketplace. the more axes that the machine operates on, the more delicate and exact the cuts; the more creative you can become on your endeavors, and the more you’re able to offer fabrication services. the cnc machines can do it all without human intervention aside from through the usage of their computer program.
pleasure and no hand wheels sticks causing the movement that most machining tools require. now, the computer, through the application program, instructs the machine on which exactly to do and the machine continues to perform till the specifications or guidelines are reached, upon which time it discontinues operation for that sheet of material. the individual intervention that is required with a cnc machine is the programming. programming for the machines is written in sentence such as structures which are in code. the code informs the different axes what to do and fully controls all aspects of the machine.





posted on metal stamping dies 

processing, designing, and constructing a stamping die can be quite complex. this extensive summary of stamping dies–exactly what they are, forms, how they’re created, and the elements that comprise themis meant to provide a basis for comprehending dies and answer questions regarding die fundamentals.
what’s a stamping die?
a stamping die is really a unique, one-of-a-kind accuracy tool which forms and cuts sheet metal into a desired profile or shape because the sheet metal is pressed, or stamped, between two mating components. a die receives the force it requires out of a press. the component made by stamping the sheet metal between the dies from the press is known as the bit part.
what different types of operations do dies perform?
even though die forms are numerous, they may be divided into two primary kinds –trimming and forming. many dies perform equally cutting edge and forming.
cutting dies. cutting is possibly the most frequent surgery a stamping die performs. cutting surgeries are blanking, pruning, pruning, trimming, and notching.
the sheet metal, positioned between two dies, is severed since the die cutting borders move past each other. the dies have a little gap between them, known as the cutting edge clearance. clearances change, based on the sort of cutting performance, metal properties, and also the desirable edge condition. the cutting edge clearance frequently is expressed as a proportion of the metal thickness. in many cutting edge operations, the alloy is anxious to the point of collapse, making a cut border which has a polished part known as the cut ring or shear, and a part of the border known as the fracture zone or fracture line.

forming dies. there are quite a few kinds of forming dies. a number of the most frequent forming die kinds are bending, stretching, flanging, drawing, coining, extruding, and ironing.
bending. bending can be described as a forming procedure where the metal is deformed along a straight axis. tabs and stations are formed utilizing the bending procedure.
stretching. stretch forming imparts impressions or cavities at a flat or convex sheet metal component where surface augmentation –unlike profound drawing–is accomplished by cutting back on the alloy’s thickness. a traditional instance of a stretched component is a car hood.
flanging. flanging is the bending of metal along a curved axis. two standard forms of flanges are pressure (stretch) flanges, and compression (psychologist ) flanges. tension flanges are vulnerable to splitting. compression flanges are vulnerable to wrinkling.
drawing. of the forming operations used to make components, drawing will be the most impressive. draw dies make the component contour by controlling metal flow into a pit and above the forming punch.
draw dies utilize a pressure-loaded ring or plate, known as a draw mat or blank holder, to restrain the metal flow to the cavity. the draw is intended to prevent the metal from wrinkling because it flows to the cavity. increasing or reducing the pressure exerted beneath the mat controls just how much metal feeds to the die.
oil pans, car doors and fenders, cookware, and doorknobs are simply a couple of the components manufactured using drawing.
coining. this forming die type generates the component contour by squeezing the metal under intense pressure. the die penetrates the bit . often coining is utilized to decrease the metal thickness and to form the component. coins (metal money ) are made with all the coining process.
extruding. this is a procedure where the metal is bent, or flanged, right into a constant radial profile round the perimeter of a pre-pierced hole. an extrusion is also known as a pit growth or even a continuous radial stretch flange. such as the stretch flange, the alloy is vulnerable to splitting.
ironing. ironing dies are very similar to coining dies because they utilize compression to permeate the metal. but, unlike traditional coining, ironing squeezes metal along a vertical wall.
this highly compressive procedure hastens a wall’s depth in addition to raises the duration of a drawn vessel. items like soup and beverage cans are created with an ironing procedure.
how enormous are dies?
dies can vary in size from the ones that may fit in the palm of the hands for creating microelectronics to all those 20 square feet wide and 10 ft. thick to producing whole autobody sides. certain dies could make more than 1 part part per cycle.
in addition, die size changes based on the manufacturing method where it’s utilized.
single-station dies. these dies typically are utilized to get a low-production, hand-fed single cutting or forming surgery.
progressive dies. progressive stamping is among the most usual, quickest way of generating bit components. unlike in a single-station operation, every one the channels in a progressive-stamping lineup required to cut and shape the bit part are mounted onto a single common die collection. these channels are appropriately secured and sequenced so the piece part could be fed before a specified constant space. this space is known as the development, or pitch. as the spiral or strip advances throughout the die in the press, every channel cuts and forms that the component in a particular sequence.
each phase of the component remains in the first coil or strip and can be “tied together” with some of the coil or strip known as a strip carrier. many distinct phases of a component –even right-handed and left handed halves of a component –are stamped with one stroke of the press.
transfer dies. transfer dies are line dies which can be timed together and spaced an even distance apart in 1 press. the space between every die or channel that the part has to travel is known as the pitch. unlike in single-station dies or progressive dies, the bit component is transferred via travel rails mounted within the bounds of the press.
this article is take from: https://www.thefabricator.com/article/stamping/stamping-101-die-basics




posted on rigger forklifts 

rigger forklifts
rigging forklifts aren’t really the same as what you might find in a forklift for just general factory use. frequently, rigger forklifts have removable counterweights as well as a boom. some factories will, however,  buy them for die handling or if they move machines a lot. the boom is used for those long reach challenges or where the fork truck just can’t get it’s forks under a machine. or it just doesn’t make sense to raise it from the bottom. usually the machine is chained or rigged with nylon straps, then hooked to the boom.

rigger forklifts may have a manual or hydraulic boom. hydraulic booms are much more desirable because they are so easy to use.   they are handy in order to extend for further reach or, in some cases, raise for extra vertical reach. for example, versa-lift forklifts can have both horizontal and vertical hydraulic systems for that very purpose. of course, a boom isn’t always wanted. in this case, many boom manufactures now provide a boom stand. this is nice because, in the old days, it wasn’t uncommon to just lay the boom down somewhere when not in use.  this means another forklift or overhead crane was needed to raise and install the boom. with a boom stand, the rigger can just drive up to the boom and attach it without a second forklift or piece of equipment.

another feature of modern rigger forklifts is remote control. here’s why this is so useful. if you have a 40/60 hoist or versa-lift, for example, you’ll notice that it’s hard to see through the front lift assembly. this means a lot of blind spots. blind spots make it hard to see what you’re doing and can increase the risk of hurting someone by accident. usually, a second person is used to relay directions when the forklift operator can’t see what he’s doing. this whole thing can be avoided by using a remote control. plus, this means the rigger can do the same job with one less employee. using a remote control, the operator can go anywhere he needs to be in order to see what’s happening. another feature that forklift companies like bristol and taylor use is video.  video definitely helps. both front facing and rear facing. for example, when several large propane fuel tanks are mounted behind the operator, it’s hard to see when going in reverse.  video cameras help just like the reverse camera in a car. not only does this make for potentially safer operation, but also saves the paint from getting tore up! if you’re looking at a taylor 80,000lb machine, you can see that it has a pretty long backend. this means hitting things by accident is all the more easy and why a video system is good.
versa-lift forklifts: http://www.versa-lift.com/models/60-80/index.php
used forklifts: https://affordable-machinery.com/used-large-capacity-forklifts-sale-fork-trucks/









			search for:		


  
		search	

categories

material handling

metal cutting & turning

metal forming




recent posts


cnc machine basics


metal stamping dies


rigger forklifts









		proudly powered by wordpress	

















































































































































































