








m. rau






















skip to main content



























 


portfolio
services
home
about
the proprietor

 

 

























portfolio
services
home
about
the proprietor



 


























        for your consideration:    
 m. rau a consultant and provider of services in the field of mass communications.


    
        browse services    
    













                        writing and editing                    

expertly crafted copy that generates interest and excitement.


















                        website design and implementation                     

feature-rich and user-friendly websites built on the best open-source content management systems - set up and ready to roll


















                        content creation and management                    

complete support available for creating and managing high quality copy, graphics and photos, video, music, or other interesting and engaging content for your site.


















                        social media management                    

effective strategy and tactics for utilizing social media to spread the word about what you want the world to know.


















                        freelance journalism                    

years of experience in investigation, research and storytelling in the news industry generates accurate, objective and meaningful reporting.




















        other specialties    




 


                        non-profit groups                    
because the public needs to hear your message through the noise




                        event management                    
because events are complicated and experience can make the difference




                        crisis and media management                    
because sometimes bad things happen to good people




                        politics and policy                    
because someone needs to be thinking about the process differently




                        research and analysis                    
because sometimes the information you need takes some expert digging




                        documentation                    
because some things just need clear, easy-to-understand instructions













what can i do for you?
please contact me so we can begin a discussion about your needs.


    
        email me    
    














©2025 michael e. rau | all rights reserved


 











 



