






















home | asucd unitrans






















































      skip to main content
    






menu


asucd unitrans























englishespañol中文









open search




search











    quick links+



uc davis







main navigation (extended config)



home




routes




          fares





fares & passes


other passes and accepted fares


passes and tickets not accepted


fare policy


try zippass! have your pass on your phone!





news




          about





student jobs at unitrans & equal employment opportunity


general information


customer & bicycle policies


frequently asked questions (faq)


conductors: on-board safety & service personnel


connecting transit services & charters


non-discrimination & title vi civil rights policy


information on services for customers with disabilities


advertising with unitrans


disadvantaged business enterprise (dbe) program


gtfs





          contact us





comments, complaints, & commendations


lost & found


staff





davis short range transit plan




mobile bus pass
















                today's service status
      









welcome to unitrans

how can we help you?


find routes












arrival predictions











routes











fares











news











about










let us help you plan your trip









view route



































            latest news
    






presidents' day - monday, february 17 - weekend service


by  jeffrey j flynn


february 10, 2025






in observance of presidents' day, on monday, february 17, unitrans will operate weekend service. 





v line schedule adjustment starting monday, january 27!


by  jeffrey j flynn


january 23, 2025






the vl and vx schedules are not changingstarting monday, january 27, select trips on the v line in the mornings and afternoons are moving five minutes earlier. the change is due to customer feedback and reliability issues on the additional service added at the start of winter quarter. the full, updated v line schedule will be available at the following link by saturday, january 25: routes | asucd unitrans





drummond avenue northbound at albany avenue bus stop - closing permanently


by  jeffrey j flynn


december 13, 2024






starting monday, december 16, the drummond avenue northbound at albany avenue bus stop (#255) for the p, t, and w lines will be discontinued. for the p and t lines, please use the cowell boulevard eastbound at drummond avenue bus stop (#048) located approximately 500 feet away. for the w line, a new bus stop will open on monday, january 6 on cowell boulevard westbound at drummond avenue.please contact unitrans at unitrans@ucdavis.edu or 530-752-2877 with questions.





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2



next page
next











            other languages
    
englishespañol中文




non-discrimination, title vi civil rights, & ada noticeunitrans, as a recipient of federal transit administration funds, is committed to providing quality transit service to all customers and follows all federal non-discrimination rules and regulations, including title vi of the civil rights act, the americans with disabilities act, and equal employment opportunity program. no person shall, on the grounds of race, color, national origin, religion, gender identity, gender expression, actual or perceived sexual orientation, age, or ability, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity operated by unitrans.click for more non-discrimination & title vi info & how to file a complaintclick for more info regarding americans with disabilities act




















university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: june 28, 2024 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.
















