

rpsoft 2000 software - productivity, music and blackjack


















 






 

computer software
		&   e books
for productivity and / or fun
 - for windows pc computers - 
 







 
 
 


 
 
 


 

mobile version -- click here
 


 
 
 


 




purchasing 
					these products

downloading and legal

about us

contact us



 


 
 
 


 

sales now to over 25 countries 
			!                                            software copyrights 
			extend over 35 years time !
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
ebooks
 


 




					 
 



					  


fiction novel:  the day the alamo won
in 1836, santa anna ordered all 
					men at the alamo to be killed, whether they surrendered or 
					not. two unlikely modern heroes decide to change that, 
					without affecting history. this is all fiction. or is it? 
					how would we know? - ron plachno  
click here for more information



					 
 



					 
 






common 
					sense vs. the worlda book 
					for the open minded who just want to seek truth in a world 
					where news seems biased to them. how does one navigate in 
					such a world? how can one seek wisdom? what do some world 
					philosophers say about things? "intelligence is a 
					choice" - ron plachno  
click here for more information



					 
 






starting or 
					improving your business
					multiple sections that include help from starting a small 
					business or perhaps even a larger one, and continue onto how 
					to improve medium sized and even large businesses. the 
					author has been a vice president in a fortune 500 company 
					and then a senior vice president in a california startup, 
					and has also started at least 5 small companies. this book 
					is mostly about the basics, on what to watch out for, what 
					to protect, what to read and how to set goals that can help 
					your business survive and hopefully also prosper. includes a 
					starting section on free enterprise economies seldom 
					discussed in this fashion.
					
click here for more information


 
 






					strategies i learned becoming a vp
					author ron plachno was part of the cellular beginnings and 
					went from an electronics engineer in that wildly expanding 
					business to a vp, and later to a sr. vp.  he shares 
					what he learned and what some very talented people taught 
					him along the way.  this book covers many subjects and 
					hopefully should have something for almost every person.  
					but it might be particularly targeted for the young or young 
					at heart as they start to make their way in business. 
					click here for more information


 
 





logic, science, god, and 
					human intelligencewhat is the 
					fastest that humans have ever traveled? do all scientists 
					agree that they understand gravity? is the argument of 
					darwin versus creationism a good argument on either side? 
					could some reality be in fact be an illusion as einstein 
					implied? this book tries to answer some of those questions, 
					and how all truth we perhaps might believe, might actually 
					exist together at the same time.
click here for more information


 
 





the 
					complete blackjack survival kit
					based on simulations of more than 16 billion blackjack 
					hands, this book shows best plays for basic blackjack plus 
					some of the newer blackjack variations.  it also uses 
					math and simulations to examine betting and staking 
					strategies.  but even more it then uses statistics to 
					find out what all of this means.  while many blackjack 
					books say you can win, win, win, have you noticed your 
					neighbor has not quit his day job?  and that casinos 
					still offer blackjack?  
					click here for more information


 
 






					becoming a one person bandgives 
					hints and thoughts on how to go from being a keyboard player 
					(piano, organ, keyboard, accordion) to putting together a 
					recording of perhaps 4 to 16 parts.  of course those 
					not into keyboards but into guitars or other instruments, 
					also might find this helpful.  while this book does 
					cover some recording techniques, equipment and adjustment, 
					it concentrates mostly on music theory, chord theory and 
					like for how to approach putting a multi piece song 
					together. 
					click here 
					for more information  


 
 




 

humor novel - politicians on an 
					islanda humor novel 
					set a bit in the future about new us political parties now 
					called the bulls and the bears. these parties deal in 
					extremes. a new immigrant to the us who loves the us, 
					becomes us president and tries to deal with this craziness. 
					but will he succeed? can he deal with the craziness? the 
					whole point of this book is really humor.  click here 
					for more information  



					 
 



 


 
 
 


 

			shareware
			software


 
 
 


 

how to use
			first read the rules, download issues, liability exclusion, 
			then
			view the information below to see if you are interested in any of 
			the software shareware items, and, if so, then agree with rules ... and then  download. 
			later if you wish to keep and use the software, return and pay for 
			each of those programs the small amount requested. at this time, our 
			current pricing on this shareware is $3.99 usd, which we consider a 
			very low price.
 


 
 
 


 




rules, download issues, liability exclusion

download

pay if you 
					decide to keep



new software & 
					upgrades

free stuff 
					offered

new additions and upgrades



 


 
 
 


 
click the below software 
			names or images for more information
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 

filemanager 2b - 
			shown both sides - show one or two files and move, copy, rename, 
			show many types of photos
 


 



the software 
					program that i use the most often.
 
my clear 
					preference for displaying photos.





 












screen 
					capture softwarefull screen or select area


musicord
					chords for keyboard and stringed instrumentsour biggest 
					seller in past years





 





 
 
 



calculator ensemble6 calculators that include 
					business and partial scientific, metric conversion, 
					odds, mortgage, world time, and year of chinese animal 
					calendar
 

rtf 
					composerscratch pad composer for emails, or 
					perhaps a paper or a chapter of a book. contains rtf 
					language and some conversions. spell check might be possible 
					if you have microsoft office on your computer.





 





 
 
 


 
 
 



 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 

note:  rpsoft 2000 was  registered as a us 
        trademark;
        rpsoft 2000 ip also includes 24 us software copyrights received or now 
        pending with us library of congress
 


 
          



        rpsoft 2000 sitemap




rpsoft 2000 software product


            ebooks


information (click 
            here for guide)






musicord


shareware rules



blackjack complete 
			book


ms office


music  theory


blackjack




filemanager2b



			new and upgrades



strategies of a vp


web sites


midi music


best bets




screen capture


freeware



one person band


digital photos




music terms



ship sizes





rtf composer

 



logic, sceince, more 

corel tips


animations


audio noise





calculator ensemble

             




fiction - politicians island



business strategies


logic and science


blackjack terms






 





