



	wha - wha home





























































member login | 
            contact us


























search for:



















about wha

advocacy & public policy

education & events

media room

quality & patient safety


health care topics a-z



 




search for:















        
 


 
 


advocacy day keynote speaker announced - register today!



 


 
 


read the 2024 community benefits report
wisconsin hospitals and health systems contributed more than $2.3 billion in community benefits and charity care in fiscal year 2023. read the stories here.


 


 
 


wha foundation collaborates with 30 local hospitals
in collaboration with 30 local hospitals, the wha foundation is providing grants to establish hosa-future health professionals chapters in high schools during the 2024/25 school year.


 


 
 


save the date - march 14-15, 2025
registration now open!


 


 
 


2024 wisconsin health care quality report is out now!
read the report here


 


 
 


wisconsin hospitals lead the way in health care quality.
see more of wisconsin's top rankings.


 


 
 


read the 2024 health care workforce report now
wha's 20th annual report outlines vacancy rates and recommended strategies.


 


 
 


wha's premier partner
solutions for the health care industry






















advocacy
wha is known for its superior government relations results and impactful advocacy







education
wha offers quality, cost-effective educational opportunities designed to assist our members







media room
stay current on the latest health care issues with wha communications







quality
wha supports wisconsin’s hospitals as they provide high-quality, high-value health care







checkpoint
checkpoint delivers reliable reports to assist wisconsin hospitals with quality improvement activities







wha information center
the wha information center is dedicated to collecting, analyzing and communicating complete, accurate and timely data from the state’s hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and other health care providers.







price finder
price finder allows patients to “price shop” a range of available health care services using hospital price estimator tools.

















premier partner

gold-level corporate members



click here to learn more about wha corporate memberships








calendar


wha member hospital jobs


data & publications


member login


physician leader resources


contact & directions













email wha communications with feedback or questions about this website.
        ©2025  wisconsin hospital association | all rights reserved | privacy policy













premier partner

gold-level corporate members



click here to learn more about wha corporate memberships










calendar


wha member hospital jobs


data & publications


member login


physician leader resources


contact & directions


















