    andrew bernstein: philosopher, novelist and radical for capitalism      



biofictionreckoningthe brooklyn storiesa dearth of eaglesheart of a pagannon-fictionamerican racismwhy johnny still can’t read…the truth about climate changeheroes, legends, championscapitalist manifestocapitalism unboundcapitalist solutionsobjectivism in one lessoncliff notescliff notes atlas shruggedcliffs notes the fountainheadcliffs notes anthemessaysnewslectureseventspodcasttruth in politicshero showthe education guycontactpatreon
select page
american racismlearn moreanti-abortionists claim to uphold a “right to life.” pro-choice advocates speak of a woman’s “right to abortion.” but neither side holds a rigorously defined theory of rights; in consequence, each side’s arguments are woefully weak.order on amazonis nature’s inherent dynamism responsible for the climate change of our era? or are the cause(s) man-made?order on amazonreckoningwhat happens when the united states is pushed into the horrors of race war? how do supporters of color-blind individualism battle heroically against violent racists of every kind? how does the struggle for america’s soul end?reckoning tells that story.order the bookwhat we can do to save our children's mindswhy johnny still can’t read or write or understand math: and what we can do about it by andrew bernsteinlearn morechristianity: good or bad for mankind?dinesh d’souza and andrew bernstein debate whether christianity is good or bad for mankindwatch debatedr. andrew bernstein lectures around the country—and internationally—on ayn rand’s best selling novels atlas shrugged, the fountainhead, we the living and anthem, and on her revolutionary philosophy for living on earth: objectivism.
full interview with andrew bernstein on decline of us educationsep 19, 2024here is my interview with dennis prager from last thursday. the topic is my 2022 book “why johnny still can’t read or write or understand math—and what we can do about it.” during the interview, dennis prager is very positive about the book. link the topic is my book...
why western civilization is worth defending with professor andrew bernsteinsep 19, 2024michael liebowitz and i discuss western civilization. we acknowledge its flaws but emphasize its enormous life-giving achievements for people all over the world and the need to defend it against venomous contemporary assaults. this is both an entertaining and...
the case against slavery reparationsaug 26, 2024good news: i completed an essay titled: “the case against slavery reparations.” it is a hard-hitting defense of individual rights against the arrant collectivism of the assertion that individual members of a given race are morally responsible for the crimes of their...« older entriesthe capitalist manifestothe historic, economic and philosophic case for laissez-fairethe capitalist manifesto: the historic, economic and philosophic case for laissez-faire defends capitalism as the world’s most moral and practical social system. this book is written for the rational mind, whether the reader is a professional intellectual or an intelligent layman. it makes the case for individual rights and freedom in terms intelligible to all rational men.





© 2024 andrew bernstein. all rights reserved. site by capitalism magazine.       




