colorado casinos: casino & gambling information





 




colorado casinos & gambling guide
we updated! we sure hope you like the improvements. we continue to be your source for information on the colorado casinos in black hawk, central city, cripple creek, ignacio and towaoc. we include up-to-date casino contact information for all casinos and nearby hotels in colorado plus we have casino pictures, casino transportation information, information on lodging and hotels near colorado casinos and vital information you should have about colorado gaming in general. new additions include lottery results, weather, news and maps.



reserve online: largest casino resorts

ameristar casino & hotel (black hawk) - the largest casino / hotel in colorado - enormous hotel with incredible views of the rockies. the #1 spot right now in colorado. click the link to check your dates or use the "reserve" buttons above.
isle of capri casino hotel (black hawk) - another of the biggies in black hawk, the isle of capri has full vegas feel in the rockies. all you can eat buffet, plus fine dining, and much more. click the link for full information or to check rates for your dates.
lady luck tower - sister casino and hotel to the isle, lady luck is one of the newer hotels in town. it is connected via glassed in pedestrian walkway to the isle of capri hotel & casino. click the link to reserve a room tonight.

types of casino games in colorado casinos
there are plenty of slots to choose from in colorado. most slot machines in colorado casinos are manufactured by igt slots, bally slots or aristocrat. there is plenty of video poker, too from jacks or better to just about anything you want. payback rate is pretty good, too – with perfect strategy (of course)! there are statewide progressive slots and inhouse progressives in every denomination from penny slots and up. since the limits are now $100 a bet, things can get exciting quick if you want.


in addition to live blackjack and poker tables which were the only table games available under the old colorado gaming law, now craps and other exciting games are appearing in the larger casinos and even a few of the smaller casinos, too. there is also three card poker available with live dealers. texas hold'em seems to be the most common and popular poker game played in the gambling towns. the lodge hotel & casino has the largest poker room in black hawk. the fortune valley hotel & casino has the largest blackjack / poker room in central city. midnight rose has the largest in cripple creek to my knowledge. for more colorado poker rooms and table numbers check out wcd's colorado poker page.


black hawk colorado casinos

black hawk, colorado is the largest and most flashy of all the towns. it's historic downtown is intact but the big casinos have all but ignored the historic guidelines it seems. naturally if you had to compare one of the three colorado gaming towns to vegas, black hawk would be it. (but all colorado gambling is different than vegas).



black hawk's largest casino is ameristar hotel & casino, but these casinos are next in line: the isle of capri, lady luck, the lodge casino & resort, mardi gras and the riviera. most of the other blackhawk casinos more or less are housed in their original historic mining buildings left over from the gold rush or have at least kept the old west feel to their buildings.


central city colorado casinos
if you drive less than one mile up the road to central city, colorado you'll find a great little hide-away. central city has all the amenities of black hawk but no crowds. plus central city really is a cool place to be. home to the central city opera, the teller house and other historic places central city is a family pleaser (over 21)....



in recent years central city has experienced a resurgence of growth with the opening of the central city parkway - a road that makes it easier than ever to get into the gambling towns -- and most importantly for central city - making it the first town you come to. central city has also seen the opening of century casino since then (with a brand new hotel) and even more recently another casino, johnny z's.


cripple creek colorado casinos
please make sure to visit cripple creek, colorado, which is expanding quickly too. cripple creek has seen many new casinos open over the last few years. the latest casino to open here is wildwood casino. cripple creek is more accessable from colorado springs and pueblo than black hawk or central city.



online we have the birth of the colorado gambling forum which finally bridges (or hopes too) the communication gap between patrons and casinos. make sure you visit the gambling forum and signup to enter monthly prizesplay free casino games and more.



colorado gambling forum has the latest igt progressive jackpot amounts available for spooky slots, wheel of fortune ®, quartermania ® & tv hits.



free gift with signup at colorado gambling forum. enjoy your visit to these land based casino.


online poker tournaments, gambling and casinos
it's important to check with your local law enforcement authorities to make sure that online gambling is legal for you to participate in before starting. you can find a few of the best online casinos available on the following websites. the world casino directory is a popular casino portal with lists of trusted online casinos and online slots. the reviews of these very popular online poker rooms may be of particular interest to online poker players, or those looking to qualify in major tournaments: everest poker and titan poker. you will also find rules to may poker games and poker strategy articles.


the future of gambling in colorado
july of 2009 will mark the $100 limit in colorado - increased from $5, it is hoped that the increased limit will boost colorado's economy and help the ailing casinos. many smaller casinos seem to be closing or consolidating. the central city parkway has helped some central city casinos, but was not enough to save them all and many closed. one very large casino has opened in central city, will there be more to come? - update: johnny z's has arrived and fills the old central palace building. more to come?

quick faqs
colorado maximum bet laws:
the maximum bet in colorado is $100. before 2008 the maximum bet was only $5. colorado had indian casinos and gaming before it passed the initial limited stakes gambling bill in 1991 which got the whole ball rolling.
colorado minimum gambling age:
the minimum age to be on the gaming floor in colorado casinos is 21. casino security is very strict on this. also, be especially aware of drinking and driving at all in black hawk or central city. *(use the reserve buttons at the top of this page to book a hotel room if you like to partake in free drinks!)
how many casinos are there in colorado?
currently, there are 40 casinos in the state of colorado including - here is the breakdown: 2 tribal casinos, 7 casinos in central city, in 17 casinos in black hawk, and 14 casinos in cripple creek. colorado also has pari-mutuel facilities.
colorado casino locations:
a colorado state gambling bill passed in 1991 that permits casinos to operate legally in three historic gold mining towns: black hawk, central city and cripple creek. the idea was to preserve the historic districts and save the towns from becoming "ghost towns." this went alright for a few years with mom-n-pop casinos showing up in the three towns.

eventually, bigger casinos moved in - often skirting the historic preservations guidelines. now, most old-timers wouldn't even recognize the towns.
historic casino towns:
if you are curious about the history of gold mining in black hawk, central city and cripple creek you might be interested in these history articles here 
gilpin county history (black hawk and central city), teller county history (cripple creek) which document the towns historic mining roots to present date. did you know more gold came out of colorado than california?

in 2008 coloradans passed new legislation that allowed $100 bets and more vegas-style table games, like craps. the casinos exploded. ameristar has completed a hi-rise hotel addition on it's casino.

the indian casinos are in towaoc and ignacio. tribal casinos are run by the ute indians. here is a brief history of the ute indians.








colorado casinos      home

colorado casino hotels

black hawk casinos

central city casinos

cripple creek casinos

colorado indian casinos

casino transportation

colorado casino jobs

colorado casino maps

colorado casino news

colorado lottery results

colorado pari-mutuel

colorado bingo

colorado poker



list of black hawk casinos

ameristar casino

black hawk station

bull durham casino

bullpen casino

bullwhackers

canyon casino

golden gates casino

golden gulch casino

isle of capri hotel & casino

lady luck casino

mardi gras casino

red dolly casino

riviera casino

saratoga casino black hawk

the gilpin casino

the lodge at black hawk

wild card saloon



list of central city casinos

century casino & hotel

doc holliday casino

dostal alley casino

easy street casino

famous bonanza casino

fortune valley hotel & casino

johnny z's casino



cripple creek casino list

brass ass casino

bronco billy's casino

buffalo billy's casino

century casino cripple creek

colorado grande casino

double eagle hotel casino

gold creek casino

gold diggers casino

gold rush casino

imperial hotel casino (closed)

johnny nolons

jp mcgills

midnight rose

wildwood casino



colorado gambling sites

black hawk colorado

central city colorado

cripple creek colorado

wcd's colorado page

colorado gambling forum








  al akarazcaco ctdeflgahiidilin iaksky la memdmamimn ms momtnenvnhnjnmnyncndohokorpariscsdtntxutvtvawawva wi wy select another u.s. state for casino / gambling information :: thanks for visiting coloradocasinos.net.  we are part of the  u.s. casinos   network.  
 



jobs   				news   				weather   				maps   				lottery






 


 


