oceanside marina suites – oceanside marina suites        
welcome to oceanside toll free 800-252-2033 










menurooms premiere two bedroom suitepremiere one bedroom suitepremiere studiosuperior two bedroom suitesuperior one bedroom suitesuperior studiodeluxe two bedroom suitedeluxe one bedroom suitedeluxe studiodeluxe one bedroom suite adadeluxe two bedroom suite adagalleryattractions san diegocamp pendletondininggolfsafari parkshoppinglegolandcasinossea worldbrewerieswineriesevents weddings and eventspacific roomcontact usbook online





sun
surrounded by the pacific ocean on three sides.

 


lounge
enjoy the heated pool and spa all year long
 


slumber
all rooms have private balconies or patios
 




    


check in/out


guests
guests 
guests


check availability
one of a kind hotelon its own private peninsulaoceanside marina suites is located on its own private peninsula in the oceanside harbor. surrounded by the pacific ocean on three sides, our resort offers a host of amenities in a peaceful oceanfront environment. lounge by the pool. relax on your own spacious private patio. unwind with a picturesque walk along the adjacent marina or shop at the marina village.
luxurious roomslarge one and two bedroom suites with fireplaces and fully-equipped kitchens, and spacious studios


premiere two bedroom suite









premiere one bedroom suite







premiere studio







superior two bedroom suite







superior one bedroom suite






view all rooms												
hotel amenitiesheated pool, large spa, and the pacific room conveniently located on the expansive resort grounds. relax in the gazebo, sit back and watch the boats glide in and out of the marina, or enjoy a sunset dinner at our poolside barbecue. the oceanside marina suites has everything you need to make your stay memorable.  
heated swimming pool and spacome relax and enjoy yourself on our cozy lounge chairs overlooking the beautiful marina
weddings and receptions our gazebo, the hotel, harbor, and marina provide the perfect backdrop for your special occasion
pacific roomhold a meeting or serve a catered meal in this ideal poolside setting. perfect for weddings and family reunions.
poolside barbecuegrill up a steak or whatever your heart desires while you sit back, relax, and take in the gorgeous ocean views
explore oceansidesan diego hosts attractions like sea world, safari park, legoland and so much more…

breweries


legoland


sea world


san diego

check out more

attractions												
some of our guests reviews

read more reviews												
year round
 my husband and i visit here yearly in june but this was our first november visit and it was lovely! for those of you looking for some off season peace and beauty directly on the ocean, this is the place for sure. i decided to suggest this place for a cousins reunion of my 3 female cousins and myself. girls time away!! it was amazing!!
redshoes50
wonderful suite
very helpful reception staff - too early to check in but gave us towels and access to pool. very large suite with balcony overlooking marina. pool area lovely with sea views. very pleasant 20 minute walk to bars and restaurants. no food or breakfast available although there are vending machines and also coffee in room. great location wouldn’t hesitate booking again
michelle c
views of the ocean
my wife and i had a really great time at this hotel. the people at the front desk were fantastic. the room was an awesome 2 bedroom, 2 bath and there was a view of the harbor and ocean in any direction. this place is great for children. many people were fishing from the rocks just outside the room. there is no air conditioning, but the breeze from the ocean takes care of that.
allen6871
the hotelthe oceanside marina is a great setting for weddings, family reunions and corporate meetings with stunning ocean views.
it’s always beautiful in oceanside at our waterfront venue with breathtaking views of the pacific ocean. let the sun setting into the pacific ocean be the backdrop for your wedding and reception. it’s picture perfect. click here to learn more.
the pacific room is an ideal location for small events, receptions, and meetings in oceanside. a quaint room with a breathtaking view of the pacific ocean and a garden surrounding. click here to learn more.





sign up to receive news and offers   the oceanside marina suites is located on its own private peninsula in the oceanside harbor.3 levels of luxurypremiere room
superior room
deluxe roomour hotelevent booking
privacy policy
covid-19
accessibilitycontact us

 2008 harbor drive n., oceanside
 toll free 800-252-2033
 phone 760-722-1561




© 2020 oceanside marina suites. all rights reserved
          we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okno