


andersonville, georgia - civil war town













































									 

									andersonville encampment

									the first full weekend each october.

 
click on the link to the national park 
								service news above to see the latest happenings 
								there.



















come visit us at the museum and 
							see all the changes/additions.





some eighty 
					thousand tourists annually visit the civil war village of 
					andersonville. all are informed of other attractions in the 
					area. complimentary step-on tour guides are provided for 
					motor coach groups. annually more than 350 motor coach and 
					school groups receive this service.




the civil war village of andersonville, georgia is located 
				just off georgia highway 49  between americus and oglethorpe and 
				is some 21 miles northeast of plains.







the railroad terminal at 
						andersonville was the arrival point for 45,000 federal 
						prisoners destined for incarceration at camp sumter also 
						known as the andersonville civil war prison. prisoners 
						were marched the quarter mile from the depot to the 
						prison. 




after 
						becoming the supply center for the prison, andersonville 
						was also the location for the office of captain henry 
						wirz, keeper of andersonville prison.


						andersonville civil war village on facebook









					the city offices and welcome center are located in the old 
					train depot. there is also a museum that holds many 
					interesting things from the civil war and from that era.



there are many 
					sights to see in andersonville. there are five interesting 
					antique, craft and curiosity shops. the wirz monument that 
					stands in the center of town reminds us of the many 
					hardships that are faced during war. the log cabin church is 
					a wonderful place to hold weddings. andersonville also 
					boasts a seven acre pioneer farm which depicts what life was 
					like on a one man farm of the mid 1800s. on the main street 
					of andersonville is the drummer boy museum which the editor 
					of blue and gray magazine says is the best civil war museum 
					under one roof anywhere in the united states. we are open 
					and ready to greet tour groups 364 days a year, every day 
					but christmas.


for further 
			information call 229-924-2558 or


click here for the andersonville guild


			click here for a 2014 historic fair vendor application.

photos on this page are from various 
			historic fair days or other events.






a very good resource of information on the 
				andersonville civil war prison can be found at kevin frye's 
				site.
				
click here to visit the site.
 



  












map 
of andersonville, ga 


directions 
to andersonville, ga 

















 
 



barnes and noble.com
 




 
 














					click here for directions to andersonville.


 





					andersonville civil war village on facebook


  








 








 







 







 








 























 www
								 
								http://www.andersonvillegeorgia.com 
 












 








     
					








   







 


 








 






 


       
								








    






   








   



    
					




 


 


