
















be skeptical





























































































































































tuesday, july 2, 2019








anybody know where to sell my car for the most money?





i just bought a different car because school starts and i have to drive a fair distance to clinical and to the college.

i don't know the best way to get rid of the old one. so, i've been asking myself where i sell my car and get the most money for it.

here's what i found. thanks to this bought on credit site i found a lot of info i was looking for. so i have it at my figure tips, i'm "reblogging" that article under fair use :)

btw, this 300c in the photo looks just like the one i just got:



anders printz (cc-by-2.0) flickr


condition matters 

the condition of your automobile can determine the location of the sale, along with the price you will receive. a good running vehicle can be sold by you, as a private party, to many different people and businesses in your local community or states away -- both of which will depend on where you advertise. if you have a junk vehicle, you may be able to find a salvage yard or a charity that accepts used car donations, as well. we'll look at a few options where to sell your car in this article. first, though, let's determine its condition.

what do i need to do to sell my car?

it's important to determine what shape your vehicle is in before you sell it. this will ultimately shape its future. a good starting place is a vehicle pricing database, such as kelley blue book.

after you find its ballpark value, you can look over the details of your own machine and its flaws. if there are mechanical problems, you would want to make sure the price reflects it. if the car is rusty and is an older model, the price, again, will need to reflect this.

at this point, you should have a rough idea about your vehicle's worth.

selling jalopies on ebay?

a classic, such as an early '70s monte carlo, could potentially be sold on ebay for a nice profit.

but you may not have a classic -- just a regular old jalopy.

it's possible to sell your clunker on ebay, but it may not be worth fielding questions via email, hoping that the bid will go through.

you also have to remember that the site will take a percentage of the sale. if you have a classic, it might be worth a shot to sell on ebay because its rarity may fetch a higher price than you could get by selling it in your local area.

local online marketplaces

listing your vehicle on craigslist is an easy way, i think. i've sold four different vehicles on there over the last few years.

i've found that you have to market your car fairly aggressively, but it does pay off.

three of the machines sold for the price i was asking. one sold for about $300 less, but i just wanted to get rid of that car and was willing to take the hit.

if you can hold out on your price, you'll do fine selling here.

used car auto lots

a used car auto dealer is another option. this one, though, will not be very profitable unless they have a push, pull, or drag sale.

a push, pull, or drag sale can be benefit you because the used car auto dealer will provide you with a minimum amount of money if you choose to trade your jalopy in on a different model.

many used car dealers will provide a low amount. remember, they are there to make money. one note: go to a buy here pay here place and you'll be low-balled, for sure.

friends, family, co-workers

friends and co-workers are another good source of sales. i have mentioned to co-workers that i'm thinking about buying a different car, and sometimes they know a friend or a family member, who may be struggling and that's looking for a vehicle.


because you know all about the vehicle and are a familiar face, friends and co-workers are more likely to buy your car.

junk vehicle? sell it to a local auto salvage yard

your car may be a complete jalopy -- one of those unsafe, unroadworthy machines. if that's the case, you do have a couple other options where you can junk your car for the most money.

a scrap yard will accept used car donations. if fact, they will probably pay you the price of scrap metal for your junk car.

i can hear you asking about how much money you get for scrapping a car at a  junkyard.


the price of metal fluctuates daily. if, for instance, scrap metal is paying $240 a ton, your 3500 pound vehicle will be worth $420.

if you are mechanically inclined, you could sell the car piecemeal on craigslist or ebay. the times i've used this route i have made clear in the ad that the buyer will need to remove the part.

parts that sell easily are alternators, windows, starters, tires, rims, interior components. you will be surprised at what people will buy, including engines and transmissions!

if you choose to do the piece-meal route, sell the car to a junkyard as scrap metal if you have a title.

who still uses the newspaper?

the newspaper is another source, but, honestly, it's not worth placing an ad. (and this statement is coming from somebody who worked in a newsroom for a decade.)

newspaper ads usually cost per line, which can be expensive for a 1 inch ad.

besides, readership has plummeted over the last five years.
with a lack of eyeballs on your ad, you will have a difficult time selling it.

donate cars to charity

you may also be able to donate a car as a charitable gift as long as it has a title. this may sound like a noble thing do to and may not provide you with any benefit at first glance.

it does, though. charities that accept used car donations will give the chance to write off your gift when you file income tax.

the benefit of a car donation is a tax deduction, which may be worth more than the car if you check into it.

if your car is a jalopy, the nonprofit will, more than likely, take it, too. they will sell it to a scrap yard and use the money for their cause.

see here for more information. 

demolition derby cars

an additional option i can think of is turning your vehicle into a demolition derby car and just having fun with it.turn your vehicle into a demolition derby car!

a demo derby involves smashing, crashing, and bashing your car into five or more vehicles in a control area. the goal is to have the last running vehicle at the end of a designated time.

this can be a good way to get your frustrations out on a lemon, not to mention all that pent up road rage!

you will need to be mechanically inclined because you'll need to remove vehicle parts, such as lights and windows and other items that could be a safety hazard.

after you finish the demo derby, you could sell the car for scrap metal or even donate it to charity.

all in all, you have a lot of options when it comes to getting rid of your vehicle. i hope this article has answered your question, where to sell my car? 





posted by



js




at

6:11 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
sell my car











friday, march 15, 2019







where can i find scholarships?





semester is under way and i'm broke. i've been doing some research into scholarships and here's a few places you may not have thought of. good luck scholarship hunting!

1. zinch.com

zinch is actually a university student’s one-stop-shop for scholarship grants that are inventive, fun and easy to try to get and succeed. to get scholarship grants via zinch, you’ll need to make a login name and user profile that can help the website find scholarship grants that are particularly highly relevant to you! certainly one of zinch’s most widely used honors is the every week 3 heading dissertation scholarship, where candidates ought to develop a 280-character composition (that’s couple of tweets!) although competing for $1,500 of chilly bucks.

2. fastweb.com

fastweb is yet another great, totally free source where you’ll discover a large number of scholarship grants when you need it. besides fastweb give you a huge data source of economic prizes, it attributes useful job arranging solutions and studying resources because of its new registered users! certainly one of fastweb’s recently highlighted scholarship grants is the “natural disaster” psa video competition, a $3,500 grant provided to imaginative undergrads by having an attention for cinematography and expertise of the outcomes of disasters.

3. scholarshippoints.com

you are aware how you usually appear to get a new, free of charge gift after a lot of buys at that favored splendor counter you have? scholarshippoints is effective exactly the same way! nicely, type of. the site’s end users accrue factors by way of a benefits system, which makes them entitled to various scholarship grants based on the number of factors they've gained. members are able to make points through fun, day-to-day pursuits like studying weblogs, getting polls and actively playing games. scholarshippoints provides a moving, month-to-month $1,500 because of its members plus an every 3 months $10,500 scholarship grant. sign up for today you need to get your points!

4. cappex.com

chances are you'll recall being recommended by your senior high school assistance consultant to have a cappex account to help you restrict your college research, yet don’t remove that online user profile at this time! the website is useful throughout the basic years, giving sufficient scholarship grant options and monetary guidance. as soon as we’re undergrads, cappex graciously protrusions as much as “college pro” reputation, exactly where we’ll meet the requirements to get the $2,600 university pro unique scholarship grant! don’t wait around, and look for all the small print of the cappex college professional grant these days.

5. scholarships.com

scholarships.com is an excellent source of college students who desire to wipe out 2 wild birds with 1 stone-the website discovers both scholarship grants and colleges which are ideal for you! if you’re seeking to move to some school that's perishing to get you and also give you scholarship grants, this is actually the website to check out. the website enables you to determine particular scholarship grants by your major, 12 months in class and placement, upping your probabilities for getting prizes and helping you save tons of time. for careful proofreaders and ambitious authors, you ought to explore the proof-reading.com scholarships plan highlighted on scholarships.com! even though a composition is needed, the $1,400 you can make is certainly well worth the time invested behind the laptop keyboard.

q: i wish to help my mother and father out with my own college tuition by getting as numerous scholarship grants as i can. exactly where can i start off, what can they often call for, and just what are a few insane grants you realize of?

a: spend some time, not cash, for educational funding information. there is lots of rip-offs available getting for grant information and facts that's available free of charge on the web. steer clear of firms that assert they'll do everything to suit your needs, or the ones that assure grant cash, or people who claim that they can have unique information and facts. rather, search for a dependable resource, like the college board site. it provides a lot of no cost details about grants, financial loans, along with other methods to spend on college. additionally, seek advice from your folks to find out if their companies offer grants to worker kids, and look with your consultant to discover local grants. all of this requires some hard work; however it will surely pay back.

look all over the place for scholarships-large or small! get started your quest early! discovering and trying to get grants needs time to work. connect with large scholarships and grants; try not to low cost the smaller ones. fantastic helpful information on discovering grants consist of fastweb.com, your college consultant, your parents' companies, and native philanthropic businesses and banking institutions. many colleges offer their own scholarship grants.

understand whether or not a split application is needed. once you make an application for scholarships, deal with like getting entrance. you have to place your finest work into the application because resources are restricted and it is essential you need to do your best. take notice of the article concerns and do not post exactly the same article for all prizes.





posted by



js




at

5:42 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
scholarships











tuesday, july 29, 2014








why should i be a nurse?








thank heavens, nurse don't wear these anymore!

i tend to be pretty sceptical, if you haven't noticed, and am looking for a new career. i thought i'd look at nursing and try and figure out, by writing this narrative, why i should be a nurse.

from what i can see, a nurse’s job is a very rewarding job. i came across another perspective why do you want to be a nurse. 

by performing your responsibilities as a nurse, you directly make an impact on another person’s life. if you are a person who naturally loves interacting and revolving around people, this is one career which you may find very interesting.

the job of a nurse can be physically and emotionally draining, but what job isn’t? for the right kind of person, though, it can also be the best job.

the nursing profession is one of the most respected jobs in the world. alongside physicians, their job is to heal people. it is often said that doctors cure, while nurses do the caring for the sick.

you will never find yourself without a job as a nurse. even if you ultimately tire of working in hospitals and alternative non clinical settings, a nurse has job opportunities in offices, schools, factories and many unusual places.

nurses working in the other transit and ground passenger transportation industry are some of the highest-paid nurses in the country. a nurse can even work from home as writer, medical billing encoder, teacher, insurance agent, medical transcriptionist and nurse consultant.

nurses enjoy high pay. according to the bls, the median for nurses in may 2013 was $66,220 per year ($31.84 per hour). those in the industry of other transit and ground passenger transportation make around $87,000 a year.

if you have an inclination toward a particular area in healthcare, you can become a specialized nurse in that field.

the demands in some fields are higher, and the pay increases with demand. certified nurse midwives work with obstetricians; they even see their own patients and provide routine care for expectant mothers.

critical care nurses work in icus; gerontological nurses treat the elderly; health policy nurses study laws and regulations affecting the profession.

many of these specialty areas entail additional years of schooling, but a lot, too, only require specified hours and certification. it's also possible to go from a cna to rn in less than 3 years.  

the same holds true if you are an emergency medical technician. to go from an emt to an rn is less than a few years as well.

the nursing career has grown not only in number, pay, and the usual statistics.

nurses are not the traditional white-uniformed professionals with cap anymore; they have now branched to every aspect of the healthcare profession.

nursing does sound like a good career, and i think i'll look into it more. 





posted by



js




at

1:17 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
why should i be a nurse











sunday, july 27, 2014








should i consider buy here pay here?







cc by 2.0

i need a different car because mine is falling apart. tires are bald, check engine light is on, and it barely stays running. but i'm strapped for money. i'm trying to find a creative way to afford basic transportation.

i've been doing some research on the interwebz at bhph.club and came across car donation articles but am not sure if that is an option for me.

i've also came across local dealers near me who offer buy here pay here. because i'm in the knoxville, tn, area, i've found a list of buy here pay here car dealers in knoxville at http://bhph.club/buy-here-pay-here-knoxville-tn/

the problem i am having is that many of the cars are expensive as all get out when looking at their mileage.

i found a 2000 mazda with almost 150k miles for $4000 but it has a lot of mechanical issues -- needs tires and makes funny noises. granted, i realize that the kbb price ranges from 3k to 4k for this car but with tax, title, and license, it seems way too expensive.

the only benefit i can find is that i can pay at the dealership. i probably should try and apply for a loan through a bank. the interest rates nowadays are insane. 

i thought about ditching the car and just riding a bike. i don't live too far away -- about 10 miles round trip. that's doable, i think. 

i read some stuff on bikeforums.net where people were commuting way longer distances, so i think it's possible. but i don't have a good bike, anymore.

i may look around the area and see if i can get a better deal at a car dealership and do a lease.

from what i'm seeing, a lease on a ford fusion would be around $129 per month for 24 months. there would a $4,173 lump sum due when signing, though.

i would not own the car but i don't think i would have problems with it, though.

for my own benefit, i might as well figure out how much is will cost to lease vs do a buy here pay here program.

lease: $129 a month x 24 months = $3,096 
down payment: $4,173
total 2 year cost: $3,096+$4,173=$7,269

sample bhph financing: $4,000 for purchase x 20% average interest rate, with 24 months to pay off balance = $1600 for interest
car issues because of buying used = $1500
total 2 year cost: $4,000 + $1600 + $1500 = $7,100

it looks like the cost to purchase a used car from a buy here pay here dealer is almost as much as leasing a car. the difference is that you won't own the car through leasing but on the same token you won't have a piece of junk that doesn't run, either.

well, i can see a buy here pay here dealer is not for me.





posted by



js




at

7:19 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
should i consider buy here pay here












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me




js



view my complete profile



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2019

(2)





        ▼ 
      



july

(1)

anybody know where to sell my car for the most money?








        ► 
      



march

(1)









        ► 
      



2014

(2)





        ► 
      



july

(2)

















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























