

















department of genetics - washington university school of medicine - genetics



















































































































skip to content
skip to search
skip to footer




washu medicine 




genetics

 open menu




back
close
menu




search for:




search




close search



aboutabout

history
diversity and inclusion
giving
contact


peoplepeople

faculty
research faculty
adjunct & affiliated faculty
postdoctoral researchers
administrative staff


our researchour research

research areas
facilities and resources


positions
educationeducation

the stormo fellowship
labs
genetics courses
outreach


community lifecommunity life

postdoc resources
postdoc profile
living in st.louis


news & eventsnews & events

events calendar






open search



 

  





pioneering excellence in genetics and genomics research 







welcome to the genetics department!



18 labs



125 students, trainees, & postdocs



50 faculty


our mission is to create an exciting and collegial environment where world-class research in genetics and genomics is translated into improvements in human health through better understanding of the molecular underpinnings of disease.


faculty
research
news



we are hiring! 

find out more about our new positions





featured event – department of genetics 50th anniversary symposium

register

the department of genetics is pleased to present our 50th anniversary symposium! this event celebrates the history, people and scientific community here at the washu department of genetics. past and current members of the department including faculty, students and postdocs will speak on the history of the department and their current work!





our research areas






epigenetics



neurological disorders







computational biology



evolutionary & human genetics









genome technology development



translational research







gene regulation



cell & developmental biology









cancer












recent publications


our campus






couch biomedical research building
in 2015 the new state-of-the-art research building opened on mckinley avenue featuring highly flexible open laboratories to facilitate collaboration and accommodate new research teams. 








state-of-the-art research space
with six stories and 138,000 square feet of lab space, it houses researchers involved in genetics, genomics and regenerative biology, and consolidates most department of genetics faculty into a single location closer to important collaborators from other departments.








research in comfort
each floor has a large relaxation area where you can access microwaves, fridges and coffee machines. dedicated food truck parking and outdoor seating have made the lawn a popular place for people across the campus to gather.




learn more




featured research – gabor egervari, md, phd
substance use disorders remain a big problem for society with very limited treatment options available. the egervari lab studies how abused substances affect the brain, and particularly how they influence the epigenome and gene expression.

visit lab












upcoming events

19 
feb 

genetics wip talk: vaha akbary-mo

feb 19, 2025 
4:00 pm  – 5:00 pm 
wip talks
couch bldg., rm. 6001b



20 
feb 

*held for genetics special seminars*

feb 20, 2025 
12:00 pm  – 1:00 pm 
spring 2025
connor auditorium (fltc)



26 
feb 

genetics wip talk: holden liang

feb 26, 2025 
4:00 pm  – 5:00 pm 
wip talks
couch bldg., rm. 6001b



view full events calendar


lab spotlight

li lab 
bioinformatics & gene regulation

visit lab site





latest news





dr. guoyan zhao selected for the hope center pilot grant

january 31, 2025congratulations to dr. guoyan zhao and co-investigator dr. hiroko yano for being selected for the hope center pilot grant! the project “identification and validation of drug candidates for repurposing in huntington disease” will be funded in full $100,000 for the award period of january 1, 2025 – december 31, 2026!




graduate student emma casey awarded ninds diversity supplement

january 31, 2025emma casey, a second year phd student in the jin lab has been awarded a highly competitive ninds diversity supplement to work on characterizing and assessing the impact of mitochondrial dna variations in congenital hydrocephalus. emma is the first trainee from the department of genetics to receive the significant 3-year nih grant award totaling $225k. congratulations! 




congratulations to yung-chun (david) wang in the jin lab for receiving the center of regenerative medicine’s hcto microgrant

january 8, 2025yung-chun (david) wang, phd, an instructor in the jin lab was recently awarded the center of regenerative medicine’s hcto microgrant. this microgrant will support his research into congenital hydrocephalus (ch), a developmental brain disorder characterized by abnormal cerebrospinal fluid accumulation. 

read more




our history
the forefront of genetics research
the department of genetics at washington university is one of the oldest and highest ranked departments in the country, contributing to monumental projects such as the human genome project.

explore department history




our community
jin lab outing 2024turner lab outing 2024egervari lab outing 2024li lab outingzhao lab outing2023 retreatone year anniversary – meers lab dougherty lab outingwang lab retreatcohen lab outingdr. susan dutcher with her student in the lab
the department of genetics at washu fosters a collaborative atmosphere, promoting the sharing of innovative ideas and the collective learning from colleagues at all career stages. our commitment to facilitating this exchange is evident through various initiatives, including regular gatherings like weekly seminars and annual scientific retreats.

explore our community
meet our faculty











department of geneticswashu medicine4515 mckinley ave.st. louis, mo 63110contact



©2025 washington university in st. louis




















