





juggling balls | footbags | footbag and juggling supplies from flying clipper


































 


























the worlds leading designers of high quality handmade footbags & juggling balls
	please note that world footbag and flying clipper have joined forces. 
	all orders placed on this website will ship from the world footbag warehouse in steamboat springs co.







contact|
login | create account | wish lists | 
  			 0 item(s) in your  -$0.00















search

















toggle navigation


menu


log in





search



    				0 
cart










home
jugglerubber filled juggle ballsplastic pellet filled juggle ballsjuggling gear and accessorieskicksand filled footbagsglow in the dark footbagsmetal filled footbagsplastic pellet filled footbagsrubber filled footbagsfootbag gear and accessoriesspecial dealsgift certificatesfaqstips and how-to'sinteresting infotips and tricksrave reviews














search







the worlds leading designers of high quality handmade footbags & juggling balls
	please note that world footbag and flying clipper have joined forces. 
	all orders placed on this website will ship from the world footbag warehouse in steamboat springs co.







flying clipper world class footbags and juggling balls


thanks for stopping by flying clipper!

you can stay up-to-date with our monthly specials and discounts. simple fill out the simple form below.

close this box by clicking "no thanks" below or clicking anywhere outside of the box.



*this is a fake form



no thanks









close
welcome back flyingclipper.com shoppers. 
	please use this coupon code when you check out on the site.











rhys thomas, professional juggler





 
 
























take all footbag and juggling tricks to the limit with our high-quality, handmade juggling balls and footbags!flying clipper is home to the durable dirtbag® footbags and tossaball® juggling balls that make beginners feel like pros! just getting started in the world of juggling balls or footbag? our juggling supplies and footbag videos or books can help you to get a good start! plus, get into the spirit with our selection of flying clipper extras! we take pride in designing and creating the world's leading handmade, high-quality dirtbag  footbags and tossaball® juggling  balls!








rubber filled juggle balls





sand filled footbags





plastic pellet filled juggle balls




featured items










tossaball luke davis approved pro juggle balls








					
             
					  
					$12.00
view














tossaball juggling crochet bag (set of three)








					
             
					  
					$15.00
view














pt pro footbag








					
             
					  
					$15.00
view














tossaball irish 120 juggle ball






					 was $15.00


sale  
					$14.00
view














dirtbag all star 3 pack with pouch








					
             
					  
					$26.00
view














dirtbag medley 3 pack with pouch








					
             
					  
					$28.00
view










what our customers say




announcements

ija membership discount program
  flying clipper is teaming up with the international jugglers' association to offer all current ija members our best discount on flying clipper products. 
http://www.flyingclipper.com/home/fly/contact_main.html


school purchase orders accepted
flying clipper accepts purchase orders from schools. call for more information (800) 878-8797.




featured videos

ld pro juggle balls











   flying clipper/world footbag, 2673 jacob circle, unit 400, steamboat springs co 80487
   (970) 870-9898   
   email us









gift certificates
faqs

tips and how-to's
interesting info
tips and tricks

more stuff

used by the pros..
about us

rave reviews
contact
photo gallery 




  © copyright 2025 flying clipper/world footbag. all rights reserved. | responsive website design by heroweb | shopping cart software powered by mightymerchant







 

 
 
 



















