





rv park near palm springs & southern california | fountain of youth spa rv resort























































































































skip to content




 foy
fountain of youth spa and rv park





contact phone:
760-354-1340





toll free:
888-800-0772





contact e-mail:
reservations@foyspa.com



                    book now                














home
amenities & activities

convenience store
sunset grill
outdoor

atv trails
swimming pool/hot tub
mineral pools
dog park
pickleball courts


indoor

billiards room
gym/fitness center
mineral steam rooms




attractions
home sales

custom home sales
vintage home sales


rates
homeowners
events
life at foy
 






search for:


search
 




contact phone:
760-354-1340





toll free:
888-800-0772





contact e-mail:
reservations@foyspa.com



                    book now                








home 
















discover your perfect getaway 








book your stay














 



spa and rv resort in southern, ca 



welcome to the fountain of youth spa & rv resort. your perfect rv destination to restore overall health and well being. 



imagine waking up each morning to the serene beauty of the southern california desert, where towering palms sway in the gentle breeze, and the sun paints the sky in hues of gold and pink. this idyllic vision becomes a reality at fountain of youth spa rv resort. our resort offers a unique blend of luxury camping, rejuvenating hot mineral baths, and top-notch amenities, providing the perfect escape for those seeking tranquility, adventure, and a touch of indulgence. 










 





exclusive fall offer! 



book your stay between september 1st and december 31st and enjoy special rates starting at $990. don’t miss out on this exclusive offer! book now and treat yourself to a perfect desert getaway. 



seasonal specials apply to regular fhu sites only. they are nonrefundable and must be paid in full at time of reservation. 










							sept 1 - dec 31						

$990


							plus electricity						

 



							3 months						

$2250


							plus electricity						

 



							6 months						

$4200


							plus electricity						












view rates
















stay as long as you like 



choose your perfect getaway at foy. whether you prefer the comfort of an rv or the luxury of a vacation villa, we've got you covered. 









 






rv campground 



your desert oasis 



experience the ultimate rv camping adventure at fountain of youth spa rv resort. our spacious and well-maintained rv sites offer all the amenities you need for a comfortable and enjoyable stay. enjoy stunning desert views, relax by our sparkling pools, and enjoy our world-class spas. 



rv site amenities: 




full hookupsbathrooms/showersrv wash station 



laundry roomamenities/ activities 









view rates
















 






vacation villa rentals 



luxurious desert living 



indulge in the lap of luxury with our spacious vacation villa rentals. perfect for families or groups, our villas offer comfortable accommodations, modern amenities, and stunning desert views. enjoy the privacy of your villa while still having access to all the resort’s amenities. 



vacation villa features: 




fully furnishedkitchenliving roomcable tv 



bedroomsprivate porchbedding & towelsamenities/ activities 









view rates
















 



 






manufactured homes for sale 



own your piece of paradise 



looking for a permanent desert retreat? consider manufactured homes for sale at fountain of youth spa rv resort. our community offers a peaceful and friendly atmosphere, with a variety of home options to choose from. enjoy the benefits of owning your home while still having access to all the resort’s amenities. 



manufactured home benefits: 




affordable housinglow maintenanceamenities/ activities 



community livingdesert viewscustom home options 








buy a home

















experience the magic 



fountain of youth spa & rv resort has been family-owned and operated since 1966. since our opening, we have grown from a small hidden magical oasis to one of the most premier and sought-after rv destinations in the world. our active 55-plus community is near palm springs, nestled next to the gorgeous chocolate mountains on acres of stunning desert landscape, surrounded by miles of hiking and biking trails. endless activities, amenities, and hot, healing mineral waters set fountain of youth apart from any other rv community. stay with us and see why fountain of youth is a one-of-a-kind resort offering you a fun and relaxing experience.  







heal and relax in our waters 



indulge in our rejuvenating natural hot springs, participate in exhilarating activities, and embrace the warmth of our inclusive community. 








 





hot tubs 



relax in our four unique hot jacuzzis, each offering different rejuvenating experiences. 






learn more













 





lap pools​ 



enjoy the luxury of our two expansive swimming pools, perfect for lap swimming, invigorating water aerobics, and unwinding in a stunning desert setting. 






learn more













 





mineral tubs and more! 



heal in our three private mineral soaking tubs, where you can control the water temperature for a personalized experience—detox in his and her mineral steam rooms.  






learn more














rejuvenate your adventurous spirit 



enjoy activities like pickleball, off-roading, and more. discover endless excitement and adventure! 







off-roading and outdoor adventures 



rev up and explore the desert terrain with off-roading adventures. our trails offer excitement and stunning views. enjoy hiking, biking, frisbee, and desert golf. there's something for every adventurer to enjoy. 





 







 





concerts 



experience the magic of live music under the stars at founatin of youth spa rv resort. our vibrant concert series features a variety of talented artists, creating unforgettable evenings of entertainment. join us for great music, dancing, and community fun in the beautiful desert setting. 







water volleyball & sports 



make a splash with a water volleyball game. plus, enjoy popular pickleball, cornhole, bocce ball, and horseshoes. don't miss our commercial-grade gym and state-of-the-art billiards room for endless entertainment. 





 







 





join our community 



join our welcoming community for social events and friendly gatherings. from bbqs to game nights, you'll find plenty of opportunities to make new friends and create lasting memories. 






facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 













keep up with news from foy! 











								name							




								email							





subscribe















 







we are waiting for you 







 
1500 spa rd, niland, ca 92257, usa





 
1-760-354-1340





 
1-888-800-0772





 
reservations@foyspa.com









 








                        foy © 2025  all rights reserved.                    























































































































































































































