









	nisc | publishing africa's journals, database & books










 






























 












                                    home                                




                                    about us                                



                                    news                                



                                    products                                





                                    publish with us                                



                                    contact us                                






browse


                                journals                                

all journals
authors
subscribe



                                databases                                


                                books                                












×
input error
please enter a search keyword.




find us on
                                facebook
follow
                                us on twitter
follow us on
                                linkedin
pay online
open access












 

research in hospitality management
a peer-reviewed journal publishing papers that make an original contribution to the understanding of hospitality and hospitality management in a global context. it has a strong focus on issues which have an immediate practical application – giving the journal relevance to academics as well as industry practitioners. 
read more...  


 

eastern african literary and cultural studies
eastern african literary and cultural studies (ealcs) is a new international peer-reviewed journal which offers a distinctive, integrated forum for scholarship on the literature, culture and arts of the eastern africa region and their widespread influence.  
read more...  


 

africa-wide information
africa-wide provides comprehensive, multidisciplinary information which documents   research and publications by africans and about africa. africa-wide covers close to 4 million news articles,  scholarly publications articles, books, reports, theses, citations, and grey literature. records include article abstracts and some full text with keyword indexing to enhance relevant retrieval. the coverage is comprehensive from the 18th century to current and dates back to the 16th century. africa-wide information is an essential resource for those with an interest in african research and publications and for those doing research in an african context, no matter the subject field.  
read more...  


 

hollywood and africa: recycling the ‘dark continent’ myth, 1908–2020
hollywood and africa - recycling the ‘dark continent’ myth from 1908–2020 is a study of over a century of stereotypical hollywood film productions about africa. it argues that the myth of the dark continent continues to influence western cultural productions about africa as a cognitive-based system of knowledge, especially in history, literature and film.  
read more...  


 

otolith atlas of marine fishes of southern africa and adjacent oceans: second edition – expanded
in this new edition, the otolith atlas of marine fishes of southern africa and adjacent oceans, authors malcolm j smale and gillian watson have expanded the coverage of the original benchmark work by smale, watson and hecht (1995) to include almost double the number of species across a wider geographic area. 

the 1 600 species whose otoliths are described here include not only fishes of the coastal waters of southern africa but from farther afield, such as in the eastern atlantic, western indian ocean and southern ocean. detailed descriptions are supported by more than 4 000 scanning electron microscope images of individual whole otoliths, giving the reader easy access to otherwise fragile, rare or inaccessible reference material housed in local museum fish collections. 
read more...  


nisc journalscurrently 38 075 articles
nisc databasesbibliographic databases
nisc booksa variety of academic works
publish with us publish your article, journal, book or database with us 


 







latest news



                    call for papers: grazing management in a diverse and dynamic world                



                    call for papers: special issue on ai and ornithology                



                    grammaticality judgements of tense by young adult speakers of shona                



                    in memory of w richard j dean – an ornithological legend                


   more...


latest articles



                    a study of a kirchhoff-type p(x)-triharmonic problem involving two parameters                



                    concentration and cavitation in the riemann solution for the relativistic euler equations with non-ideal isothermal dusty...                



                    on p-k-convex solutions for the p-k-hessian system with the gradient term                



                    well-posedness result for the flow of maxwell viscoelastic fluid of white-metzner type                


   more...









“ the biggest development in the history of quaestiones mathematicae was the association with nisc and to have the journal running in a very stable way without severe financial concerns. - barry green, qm editor”

“ since 1995, nisc has systematically built up competence and the necessary capacity in all aspects of publishing high-level research journals, with the professionalism needed to flourish in the increasingly competitive world of international research publications. no other publisher in south africa commands the necessary technical skills, experience, competence, enthusiasm and resources to the same degree as nisc, in my view.
- graham baker, editor of the south african journal of science (1973-2008)”

“ the nisc partnership has benefited the indo-pacific journal of phenomenology by bringing sustainability, additional branding and marketing, a wider reach through its websites, and the added value of expertise in the very competitive world of publishing.  - chris stones, ipjp editor-in-chief since 2003”

“ it has been an enriching experience working with such enthusiastic and professional people at nisc who have become more friends than business partners over the years. - stan pillar, editor of the african journal of marine science (1996-2013)”

“ the proofs look great! thank you so much. the efficiency of the journal now is really excellent. easy to work with, and so thorough. i appreciate it. - regular sajp author on his first interaction with nisc”















©
                    2025                    
                         national inquiry services centre                    
                    •
                    
                        terms & conditions
                    
                    •
                    
                        privacy policy
                    
                    •
                    
                        sitemap
                    
                    •
                    
                        contact
                    







