


 interstate enclosed cargo trailers, snow sports, car haulers, utility trailers - interstate trailers

























follow @trailers_plus







(877) 808-5447
contact us


 



  


interstate

trailersplus

parts





sign up for specials, promotions, news and more. 














subscribe






home
trailers 


enclosed cargoour best selling trailers
car haulersafely transport your vehicle
snow sportsnowmobile trailers of all sizes
sport trailersour most versatile trailers
utility trailerhaul just about anything





contact us



  

 


 




‹ ›

interstate enclosed cargo trailers are built with the features, quality and durability to work as hard as you play!


quality, durability and functionality to perform beyond your expections.
whether you're hauling your tools and equipment to the job site, motorcycles to the mountains, or helping a friend move across town, there's an interstate trailer designed to meet all your hauling needs.
learn about enclosed cargo trailers


reliable interstate trailers get you to the places where you can have fun with atvs!
the interstate all sport trailer is ideal for the active sportsman. the extra four inches of ground clearance provide easier towing in rough country while the rear and front ramps make loading and unloading a breeze.
learn about our sport trailers


fully equipped car haulers with all the features you need to haul a vehicle across town.
our car carrier is the ticket for auto dealers and enthusiast who are looking for fast, easy loading and unloading options. all our car haulers are available with an array of upgrades that will fit your needs perfectly.
learn about car hauler trailers






the interstate story
for nearly two decades interstate has been an industry leader in the manufacturing and sales of enclosed cargo trailers. established in 1995, our goal is to build enclosed trailers that met our customers' personal and/or commercial needs.
read the interstate story


about interstate

            whether it's hauling a vehicle for play (car, atv, snowmobile, motorcycle, etc), or getting work done by transporting heavy duty equipment between construction or landscaping sites, interstate has the right trailer for your job. 
          

           looking for quality construction, design excellence and superior value in a trailer? look no further! 
          
see our trailers


why choose interstate

trailers are all we do
we don't do rvs, horse trailers or farm equipment. we are specialists in cargo and utility trailers and have built and sold more than 100,000 trailers to satisfied customers.
our trailers are built to last
we have an exclusive duraframe™ trailer design and quadrasealed™ roof seams. our trailers are built like a tank and watertight.


read more








search our network of trailersplus dealerships
let our highly-trained staff help you find the right trailer for your needs. we invite you to call us at (877) 808-5447, or come by one of our 48 stores across the usa! we'll get you hooked up and hauling on down the road!
find interstate trailers for sale













trailers
car haulers
cargo trailers
snowmobile trailers
sport trailers
utility trailers
 




where to buy
find a dealer
trailersplus
parts & accessories




service
warranty
owner's manual
contact us




























subscribe


stay connected! get specials, promotions, and more delivered to your inbox.




be part of interstate's facebook community!



follow interstate on twitter!
follow @trailers_plus



subscribe to interstate's youtube channel!



recommend interstate on google+













parts & accessories
warranty
privacy
contact us

interstate group, llc.  3800 airport road  nampa, id 83687    copyright © 2025




trailersplus quicklinks
cargo
utility
car hauler
atv/snowmobile
dump





x


find a trailersplus dealership near you























