


home - eaa chapter 292

























skip to main content











join our mailing listmember loginmenuhomeabout us about us new member signup calendar taledragger newsletter building expansion eaa 292 bylaws contacts upcoming presentations lancair projectyouth programs teen aviation weekend young eagle rallies teen build scholarshipsresources simulator new member signup donate






﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿the chapter's lancair comes alive.   see more﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ ﻿saturday, march 8th, 2025 | 10amhenry bartle takes us with him to burning man last year.﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿see what's coming upit's time to renew your membership! to renew your membership and pay your dues now, click below.﻿ renew nowstay current: stay safechapter 292 has a variety of training simulators available for members to use to augment and retain currency. desktop simulators are available as a free benefit, and the full-motion fmx redbird is available to rent block time with an instructor to log ifr currency.to gain access to the west wing simulator facility, orientation is required and a personal log-in code will be issued. learn more about simssee whats happeningvisit our new calendar to find out what's going on at the clubhouse or in our organization. whether it's our monthly meetings, events or community get-togethers, it's all here.event calendar﻿﻿﻿cultivating the futureeaa chapter 292 is deeply committed to cultivating the future of aviation through various youth programs. starting as pre-teens, young people can learn about flight and get a ride in a real airplane through eaa's young eagles program. teens and up can participate in the teen aviation weekend or the teen build. these programs are intended to spark a love of aviation that will inspire kids to pursue a career in the aerospace industry.explore youth programsdonate to 292your support helps us build a strong and vibrant club. it powers our commitment to safety and the future of general aviation. find out more about how you can donate today or in the future.how to donate








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









