



chronocentric: home










the largest independent, non-commercial, consumer-oriented resource on the internet for owners, collectors and
enthusiasts of fine wristwatches. online since 1998.







search articles







advanced article search




table of contents


chronocentric home
what's new!how to get answers
consumer zone

owners zone

omega zone

forums

omega galleries

network/links

about us





awards & rankings


2003, 2005


















	welcome to chronocentric, the largest non-commercial resource on the internet for owners,
	collectors and enthusiasts of omega and other fine wristwatches. detailed information you
	need from an truly independent and honest perspective--with no bias from commercial
	affiliations, advertisers, or for-profit backers. online since 1998.




		consumer zone


		empower yourself as a watch consumer! use our library of industry and buyer's information
		to make the best decisions and save money when purchasing fine wristwatches of any brand
		



		owner's and collector's zone


		for owners of any fine watch. includes owners guides, general terminology and concepts, and other info to help maximize your enjoyment of your watches.
		



		omega zone


		in-depth coverage of omega watches, including the highly acclaimed seamaster faq
		



		forums


		discuss watch-related topics with other enthusiasts! includes the first and longest running omega-dedicated discussion forum.
		



		galleries


		photo galleries of omega watches. includes new omega models, rare seamaster variations and a comprehensive guide to identifying counterfeit omega watches.
		



		network/links


		your gateway to the ever growing network of wristwatch-related information sources on the internet
		




	the omega museum collection #4
ref. 5703.30.01, introduced 2003, limited to 1915 pieces
[image: omega]



what's new

apr 03, 2004: why people buy counterfeits and what it says about them and 
luxury watch imposters.

dec 03: changed forums to new wide display with simpler top menu.
nov 12: numerous small updates to dated details in the omega articles;
new heading on the onthedash heuer forum; 
minor visual fixes to work with mozilla firefox web browser.

jun 28: two new forums: chronotrader and counterfeit watchers.
apr 01: major additions and reorganization in the seamaster faq, adding coverage of the aqua terra and railmaster.
mar 10: link to new omega vintage information database; updated instructions for obtaining an omega c.o.s.c. certificate.
mar 03, 2004: updated image of the day galleries with many recent and new for 2004 models.






chronocentric and zowie site design and contents (c) copyright 1998-2005, derek ziglar. all rights reserved.
use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the terms of use.

contact |
terms of use |
translate
  




