


magic miniatures - unusual, artisan crafted miniature items



















































































magic miniatures

magic miniatures welcomes you.  since 
      2002 i have been showcasing and offering a variety of unusual, artisan crafted miniature items such 
      as 1/12th scale dolls, molded venetian masks, tapestry charts and kits and 
      several other items.
      i also stock various supplies, which by virtue of my living in india are 
      easy to come by.
      whenever it is possible, i also try to have picture tutorials and free 
      charts for my
      visitors.
      this website can be navigated by clicking on the links above and also 
      within the several pages.

      enjoy your visit.

 if you are interested in other handcrafted items, please see my shop here, 
        on etsy.
 if your interest is in sculpting 
        miniatures, please visit magic sculpture, 
        a site by me dedicated to the art of sculpting and offering unique tools to 
        guide artists.
 





 
      enter your e-mail to be informed when magic miniatures is updated:


subscribe
 unsubscribe








my latest 
          miniatures


          photographs of my latest miniatures are shown below.  you can 
          access the entire collection by clicking on the miniatures link on the 
          top of this page.

           







              i enjoy the works of the old masters.  these great artists 
              have been a source of admiration and inspiration.  i have 
              attempted to re-create some of these fine art works in miniature.




i've pondered on how to 
              replicate venetian masks in miniature for quite a while.  i 
              finally hit upon a working solution.










dolls

my 
      passion is the creation of fantasy art sculptures.  an example 
       is 'aldara', for whom i created a 
      handwoven outfit.

      .








home ::
          about me ::
          links 
copyright © 
          magic miniatures. all rights reserved.


















 


