

the official nicholas brothers website


















 



mailing contact: 2109
        s. wilbur ave. walla walla, wa 99362

               e-mail: time machine collectibles  fax: 509-525-0393
 


we at time machine 
            collectibles wish to extend our heartfelt
            condolences to the family and friends of 
            fayard nicholas. he will be deeply missed by
            his family, friends and fans alike.
october 20th, 
            1914 - january 24th, 2006





biography     
                  
                  the two greatest tap dancers that ever lived-certainly the
                  most beloved dance team in the history of entertainment are
                  fayard (born 1914) and harold (born 1921-2000), the famous nicholas
                  brothers.
                  the nicholas brothers grew up in philadelphia, the sons of
                  musicians who played in their own band at the old standard
                  theater, their mother at the piano and father on drums. at the
                  age of three, fayard was always seated in the front row while
                  his parents worked, and by the time he was ten, he had seen
                  most of the great black vaudeville acts, particularly the
                  dancers, including such notables of the time as alice whitman,
                  willie bryant and bill robinson. he was completely fascinated
                  by them and imitated their acrobatics and clowning for the
                  kids in his neighborhood. harold watched and imitated fayard
                  until he was able to dance too, then apparently, he worked his
                  own ideas into mimicry.
                        it seems that the nicholas brothers were immediately
                  successful. word soon spread through the city about their
                  ingenuity and unique dancing abilities, and they were first
                  hired for a radio program, "the horn and hardart kiddie
                  hour",
                  and then by local theaters, like the standard and the pearl. 
                  while at the pearl theater, the manager of the famous new york
                  vaudeville showcase, the lafayette, saw them. overwhelmed by what he saw,
                  he immediately signed them up for his
                  theater.
      from the lafayette, the nicolas brothers opened at the
                  cotton
                  club  in 1932 and astonished their white audiences just as much
                  as the residents of harlem, slipping into their series of
                  spins, twists, flips, and tap dancing to the jazz tempos of
                  "bugle call rag". it was as if fayard and his still
                  younger brother had gone dance-crazy and acrobatic. sometimes,
                  for encores harold would sing another song, while fayard,
                  still dancing would mockingly conduct the orchestra in a comic
                  pantomime that was beautifully exaggerated. they performed at
                  the cotton club for two years, working with the orchestras
                  of  lucky millinder, cab calloway, duke ellington and jimmy
                  lunceford. during this time they filmed their first movie short,
                  "pie pie
                  blackbird" in 1932, with eubie blake and his orchestra.
      after this, their career began to gain momentum from the
                  cotton club. the nicholas brothers then journeyed to hollywood in 1934 to appear in
                  the films "kid millions", "the big broadcast"
                  (1936), and "black network".
     
                  the broadway debut of the nicholas brothers was in the
                  ziegfeld follies of 1936, in which such stars as fannie
                  brice, bob hope, eve arden and josephine baker appeared. the
                  nicholas brothers act at the follies, stopped the show so
                  consistently that fannie brice, who followed in a skit with
                  judy canova, was always forced to fall back regularly on a
                  line at her first opportunity: "do you think we can talk
                  now?", which made the audience laugh, and then become quiet.
     
                  it was their tour of england with a production of
                  "blackbirds" that gave the nicholas brothers an opportunity to
                  see and appreciate several of the great european ballet
                  companies. thoroughly impressed, they absorbed much of the
                  techniques, and tried to incorporate certain ballet movements
                  into their jazz dance patterns. in a short film that they made
                  in london during this period, "calling all stars", (1937), this
                  interpretative style is quite noticeable and intriguing to
                  observe.
      the impression that the nicholas brothers made upon balanchine,
                  the choreographer, was so unforgettable that he invited them
                  to appear in the rogers and hart musical, "babes in
                  arms", for
                  the 1937 broadway season. the considered this a high point in
                  their career because balanchine was a ballet master and they
                  learned many new stunts. because of their skill, many people assumed
                  that the nicholas brothers
                  were trained ballet dancers.
      in1938, the cotton club beckoned again, and it was during this
                  engagement that they competed with the berry brothers, a black
                  acrobatic dance trio, in a legendary conformation, a sort of
                  dance-fight for supremacy. the event is a part of show
                  business history.
                  during the 1940's, a long and brilliant association with
                  hollywood began, notably in a succession of marvelous dance
                  sequences in six 20th century fox musical films.
     
                  the nightclub and concert circuit took over their career, and
                  there were long tours of south america, africa and europe. in
                  1948 they gave a royal command performance for the king of
                  england at the london palladium. later, they danced for nine
                  different presidents of the united states.
     
                  the nicholas brothers have headlined shows all over the world.
                  they have appeared in every major television show, nightclub
                  and theater in america and performed for the troops in
                  viet nam in 1965.
                  the nicholas brothers have received many tributes and awards,
                  which include: a star on the hollywood walk of fame, the kennedy
                  center honors (presented by president george bush), and an
                  honorary doctorate degree from harvard university. they are
                  also proud of the some of students they have taught tap.
                  they include debbie allen, janet jackson, and michael jackson.
     
                  the nicholas brothers  talents are enduring, and they involve
                  themselves in shows at will. the magic is there in every
                  movement, as it shall always be. they are the greatest tap
                dancers  that ever stepped on a stage.
 
(from the program of the 1998
                  carnegie hall event: "from harlem to hollywood" a
                  tribute to nicholas brothers, "tap legends")
     
                  fayard and harold nicholas, whose careers span more than six
                  decades, make up one of the most beloved dance teams in the
                  history of dance - the nicholas brothers.  legends in
                  their own time and most recently portrayed in the
                  award-winning made-for-television documentary, "we sing
                  and we dance," they are best known for their
                  unforgettable appearances in hollywood musicals of the 1930s
                  and 40s. their artistry and choreographic brilliance, as
                  manifested in their unique style - a smooth mix of tap,
                  ballet, and acrobatic moves - have astonished and excited
                  vaudeville, theater, film, and television audiences all over
                  the world.  according to "who's who in
                  hollywood", the nicholas brothers are "...certainly
                  the greatest dance team ever to work in the movies."
     
                  at a very young age, soon after their professional debut in
                  their home town of philadelphia, the brothers became
                  international stars of stage and screen, and 60 years later,
                  they were the recipients of prestigious kennedy center honors
                  for their extraordinary contribution to american
                  culture.  their activities continue.  in april 1995,
                  the nicholas brothers received the "dance magazine"
                  award around the same time as the opening of harold's latest
                  film, "funny bones", and in april 1996 they
                  completed a very successful residency at harvard and radcliff
                  as ruth page visiting artists in dance.
     
                  born into a show business family, the nicholas brothers honed
                  their natural talents early on.  their parents were
                  musicians and led the orchestra at the standard theater in
                  philadelphia.  in 1932, the same year they made their
                  first film, "pie, pie, blackbird", with eubie blake,
                  they opened at the cotton club, and remained there for two
                  years straight, working side by side with the likes of duke
                  ellington, cab callaway, and ethel waters.  samuel
                  goldwyn saw them at the fashionable club and invited them to
                  california for their first hollywood movie, "kid
                  millions" (1934). harold, in addition to his dancing
                  abilities, was a natural comedian, impersonator, and singer,
                  and was often featured by himself.  his personal screen
                  debut was in "the emperor jones", (1933), with paul
                  robeson.  just after their first broadway show "ziegfeld
                  follies", the brothers went abroad for the first time to
                  star in lew leslie's "blackbirds", in 1936 in the
                  west end of london. 
     
                  when the brothers were honored with a retrospective of their
                  work in films on the academy awards television special in
                  1981, on could recall with pleasure some of their early
                  appearances on the screen of "the big broadcast" of
                  1936; with gracie allen and george burns; in "sun valley
                  serenade", (1941); with the glenn miller orchestra,
                  featuring dorothy dandridge dancing with the brothers in the
                  "chattanooga choo-choo" number; in "orchestra
                  wives" (1942), where they performed one of their most
                  beautiful routines to glenn miller's music of "i've got a
                  gal in kalamazoo"; and in "the pirate" (1948),
                  in a dance with gene kelly.
     
                  the nicholas brothers were contracted to the twentieth century
                  fox studio in 1940 and made six films there.  in all,
                  they have made over thirty films, of which they themselves
                  consider "stormy weather" (1943), their personal
                  favorite.  it features their now-classic, breathtaking
                  staircase routine, their last appearance on film as a
                  routine.  their lst appearance on film as a team was on
                  of the highlights of mgm's 1985 compilation, "that's
                  dancing!"
     
                  fayard had a dramatic role in "the liberation of l.b.
                  jones (1970), and harold's solo appearances include
                  "carolina blues" (1944), in the spectacular mr.
                  beebe number; "the reckless age" (1944);
                  "uptown saturday night" (1944), as little seymour,
                  with sidney poitier, bill cosby, and harry belafonte;
                  "tap" with gregory hines and sammy davis, jr.;
                  robert townsend's "the five heartbeats, (1991); and
                  "funny bones:, (1995).
     
                  the nicholas brothers' broadway debut was in the vincent
                  minelli-directed and george balanchine-choreographed "ziegfeld
                  follies" of 1936, with bob hope, eve arden, fanny brice,
                  and josephine baker.  balanchine was so taken by the
                  youngsters that he put them into the original rodgers and
                  hart's "babes in arms:, (1937).  later, they starred
                  in "st. louis woman", (1946).  here, harold
                  played little augie, the jockey hand, and introduced the now
                  classic "come rain or come shine" from the johnny
                  mercer / harold arlen score.  recent theatrical awards
                  have included a bay area theater critics circle award for best
                  principal performance to harold for "stompin' at the
                  savoy", and a tony award for fayard for co-choreographing
                  the broadway hit "black and blue" (1989). 
                  harold has enjoyed taking over the lead in ellington's
                  "sophisticated ladies", the role of mr. magix in
                  "my one and only", and the role of daddy bates in
                  "the tap dance kid".  the year before last, he
                  originated the role of dr. rhythm, in "if these shoes
                  could talk" at the milwaukee repertory theater.
     
                  in addition to the kennedy center honors, the nicholas
                  brothers have received numerous awards, including the ellie,
                  the gypsy, and the american black lifetime achievement
                  award.  they were inducted into the first class of the
                  apollo theater's hall of fame and the black filmmaker's hall
                  of fame and received their star on hollywood boulevard. 
                  there have been film tributes at the national film
                  theater in london, sponsored by the british institute; at the
                  d.c. filmfest in washington, c.c.; and at the jvc jazz
                  festival in new york, to name a few.  most recently, the
                  players presented an evening of nicholas brothers films. 
                  the cinematheque de la danse in france is planning a film
                  retrospective to honor the brothers later this year.
      the nicholas brothers are
                  the recipients of the 1998 samuel h. scripps american dance
                  festival award for lifetime achievement in modern dance, to be
                  presented in june, and they are the subject of
                  "brotherhood in rhythm"; the jazz tap dancing of the
                  nicholas brothers", a 1998 ph.d dissertation at new york
                  university by constance valis hill.     

2003 the the nicholas bothers were inducted into the hall 
                  of fame
                  national museum of dance & hall of fame
                  99 south broadway
                  saratoga springs, ny 12866
                  518.584.2225, ext. 3012
www.dancemuseum.org
                       








 




 
            


links



                    http://www.dailymotion.com/group/36139/video/x17d7d_nicholas-bros-1936

                     



                    http://www.dailymotion.com/group/36139/video/x15x1h_eubie-blake-or-nicholas-brothers-19
 


                      http://www.dailymotion.com/group/36139/video/x1a5y2_nicholas-br-1935
 



films (link to imdb)

filmography
*harold nicholas solo
**fayard nicholas solo

                  night at the golden eagle  (2002)

                  broadway: the golden age, by the legends who were there(2002)

                  night at the golden eagle (2001)
**a night at the golden eagle; 2000, independent. (adam
                  rifkin, director, fayard nicholas)
*funny bones; 1995, suntrust films. (jerry lewis, leslie
                  caron, oliver platt, harold nicholas)
a&e special, the nicholas brothers: we sing and we dance
                  1992
*the five heartbeats; 1990. twentieth century fox ....
                  (harold nicholas as...sarge, robert townsend, diahann carroll)
*tap; 1989, hoofer films/tri-star. (gregory hines, sammy
                  davis, jr., harold nicholas, et al)
that's dancing!; 1985, mgm/ua (all-star cast)
*disco 9000; 1974 (harold nicholas)

                  that's entertainment! 1974, mgm. (fred astaire, bing crosby,
                  gene kelly, judy garland, nicholas brothers, et al) (archive footage)
*uptown saturday night; 1974, warner brothers. (sidney
                  poitier, bill cosby, harry belafonte, harold nicholas as....little seymour)
**the liberation of l.b. jones; 1970, columbia. (lee j.
                  cobb, roscoe lee browne, lola falana, fayard nicholas)
*l'empire de la nuit; 1963, ufa-comacio, french (eddie
                  constantine, harold nicholas as...sidekick)
pathe news reel; 1948
botta e riposta; 1951, italian.(louis armstrong, nicholas
                  brothers, jack teagarden, earl hines)

                  the pirate; 1948, mgm. (gene kelly, judy garland, nicholas brothers) 
dixieland jamboree; 1946, vitaphone short subject. (cab
                  calloway, adelaide hall, nicholas brothers)
*carolina blues; 1944, columbia. (ann miller, kay kyser,
                  victor moore, harold nicholas, four step brothers.)
*the reckless age; 1944, universal. (gloria jean, henry
                  stephenson, harold nicholas, delta rhythm boys.)
take it or leave it; 1944, twentieth century fox. (phil
                  baker, phil silvers, buster keaton, nicholas brothers.) 

                  stormy weather; 1943

                  orchestra wives; 1942, twentieth century fox. (george
                  montgomery, glenn miller, jackie gleason, cesar romero,
                  nicholas brothers.)

                  sun valley serenade; 1941, twentieth century fox. sonja henie,
                  john payne, glenn miller, milton berle, nicholas brothers,
                  dorothy dandridge, nicholas brothers.)

                  the great american broadcast; 1941, twentieth century fox.
                  alice faye, john payne, jack oakie, nicholas brothers, ink
                  spots.)

                  tin pan alley; 1940, twentieth century fox. (alice faye, betty
                  grable, don ameche, carmen miranda, nicholas brothers)

                  down argentine way; 1940, twentieth century fox. (betty grable,
                  don ameche, carmen miranda, nicholas brothers.)
calling all stars; 1937, british lion. (larry adler,
                  ambrose & his orchestra, elisabeth welch, buck &
                  bubbles, nicholas brothers.)
my american wife; 1936 mgm. (francis lederer, ann sothern,
                  billie burke, nicholas brothers.)
the black network; 1936, vitaphone short subject. (nina mae
                  mckinney, nicholas brothers, amanda randolph.)
coronado; 1936, mgm. (eddie cuchin & his orchestra,
                  jack haley, andy devine, leon errol, nicholas brothers.)
the big broadcast of 1936; 1935, paramount. (bing crosby,
                  burns & allen, cab calloway, jackie oakie, nicholas
                  brothers, et al.)
the all-colored vaudeville show; 1935, vitaphone short
                  subject. (adelaide hall, nicholas brothers.)
kid millions; 1934, samuel goldwyn. (eddie cantor, george
                  murphy, ann sothern, ethel merman, nicholas brothers.)
*syncopancy; 1933, max fleisher / paramount short subject.
                  (stoopnagie & bud, harold nicholas) 
*the emperor jones; 1933, united artists. (paul roberson,
                  fredi washington, dudley digges, harold nicholas.)

                  pie, pie blackbird; 1932, vitaphone short subject. (eubie
                  blake & his band, nina may mckinney, nicholas brothers.)
the nicholas brothers stage credits:
*harold nicholas solo
**fayard nicholas solo
*if these shoes could talk; 1993, milwaukee, wi.
* my one and only; 1992, fayetteville, n.c.
*sophisticated ladies; 1992, dallas, tx. 
*sophisticated ladies; 1992, houston, tx.
*sweet 'n' hot in harlem, 1991, (choreography), buffalo,
                  n.y.
*sophisticated ladies; 1991, sacramento, ca. 
*the nutcracker; 1990, san diego, ca.
*sophisticated ladies; 1989, long beach, ca. 
*my one and only; 1989, san diego, ca. 
*my one and only; 1989, san bernadino, ca. 
**black and blue, 1989, (co-choreography), broadway.
the tap dance kid; 1985 & 1986, national tour.
*waltz of the storch boogie; 1984, off-broadway.
*sophisticated ladies; las vegas, nv.
*stompin' at the savoy; 1981, san francisco, ca.
*evolution of the blues; 1978, san francisco, ca. 
sammy on broadway; 1974, broadway.
*free and easy; 1960, paris, france.
*free and easy; 1959, amsterdam, holland.
st. louis woman; 1946, broadway.
babe in arms; 1937, broadway.
lew leslie's blackbirds; 1936, london, england.
ziegfeld follies; 1936, broadway. 
 
nicholas brothers awards and honors: 
dance magazine award; 1995
gypsy award presented by the professional dancers society;
                  1994
star on hollywood's walk of fame; 1994
flo-bert award; 1992
the national black media coalition lifetime achievement
                  award; 1992
kennedy center honors; 1991
harbor performing arts center lifetime achievement award to
                  harold; 1991
tony award to fayard for choreography of "black and
                  blue"; 1989
dea award presented to harold by the dance educators of
                  america; 1988
"ebony" lifetime achievement award; 1987
apollo theater's hall of fame, first class inductees; 1986
ellie award presented by the national film society; 1984
bay area theaters critics circle award to harold for best
                  principal performance in "stompin' at the savoy";
                  1981
black filmmakers hall of fame; 1978 
   
  




autographed photos - orders - gallery - time machine - links 







        counter 



 
 




/html>