






exeter | guide to the city of exeter devon uk



















































menu



 home
accommodation
events
attractions

resources 

exeter directory

gallery

things to do

shopping

nightlife

transport
local
history
property



others 

exeterviews blog

site map

miscellaneous








welcome to exeterviews






directory
helping to find it for you!find local
restaurants
estate agents
shops
entertainment





















exeter cathedral
the city's most popular attraction
learn more





accommodation
find places to stay in exeter
learn more





exeter quay
visit exeter's waterside
learn more





shopping
exeter has the shops to satisfy everybody's taste
learn more





what's on
events calendar - there's so much going on in exeter all year round
learn more





follow exeterviewsfollow exeterviews.co.uk on facebook and keep up to date!
learn more






previous



next













exeterviews is a visitor, tourist and residents' guide to the city of exeter and the surrounding county of devon uk
exeter is located in the south west of england. it is situated on the river exe in the beautiful county of devonshire.
although still relatively small, this city is by no means lacking in interest. it's full of character, has a great cultural scene and a fascinating ancient history. exeter offers all the amenities and comforts that would be expected of a modern day city.
exeter is the capital city of devon and provides the county with a central base for education, medicine, religion, commerce and culture.
things to do - places to see
the city has many visitor attractions and places to see including the popular quayside and royal albert memorial museum. it is also home to the magnificent st peter's cathedral, which dates back to norman times.
shopping in exeter is a real must especially with the ongoing transformations and developments. these have helped make it one of the region's favourite shopping destinations. the city provides visitors with an unforgettable shopping experience. with so much on offer from stylish boutiques to the high street big names.
if you are planning a trip, a holiday, or a short break, exeter has something to offer people of all ages to enjoy all year round.
the surrounding area of devon with its sweeping countryside, its narrow hedged roads and lavished green fields are only a few miles from the centre. this makes exeter an ideal base for a trip to the county. you can visit places such as the famous dartmoor national park. or the unspoilt beaches of the north and south devon coastlines.
we hope you will enjoy visiting exeterviews.co.uk whilst also learning about the beautiful historic city of exeter...
learn more »







what's on
wedding extravaganza

check out the events calendar for more!







latest photographs
we do love exeter cathedral

visit the exeterviews photo gallery!







latest blog
exeter entertainment

what's happening on exeterviews!







latest posts
stay up to date on facebook

get the lastest on social media









instagram photos
follow on instagram











latest posts
stay up to date on facebook













city highlights



things to do
are you looking for area attractions, a night out in the city, or may be a little history - there's lots of places to see and things to do....
view details »



shopping
shops to satisfy everybody's taste from luxury to quirky - the city is becoming the region's favourite with ongoing developments that's attracting the very best in retail....
view details »



accommodation
whatever your budget, whatever the occasion - you'll find some great accommodation deals....
view details »












related pages

places to stay in exeter:

 - holiday inn express

 - thistle hotel

things to do:

 - attractions

 - places to see

shopping:

 - shopping areas



latest news



dates for your diary

				
				from the exeter events calendar:wedding extravaganza - february 2025seth lakeman at exeter cathedral - february 2025premier league darts - february 2025 


on the blog!

				
				the latest post on the exeter blog:


exeter entertainment






keep up to date

				you can get the latest from exeterviews by following us on twitter, google+, facebook and on the exeterviews.co.uk blog 
				
















×close
 share










close


















contact - 
				disclaimer - 
				site map



copyright © 2024 - all rights reserved


designed by onfocus











 



