     upper marlboro ford - ford dealership in upper marlboro, md                                
                                                          upper marlboro ford        sales 301-627-5600    service 301-627-5600  parts 301-627-5600      5701 crain highwayupper marlboro, md 20772                                 service        map        contact                       upper marlboro ford             call 301-627-5600   directions                       new   new   search new inventory   new specials   ford trucks inventory   new ford f-150    ford suvs inventory    new ford escape    new ford explorer    ford electric vehicles   vehicles in transit   sell us your car   transit vans   get pre-approved   ford protect   custom order   value your trade   2024 ford maverick     used   used   search used inventory   pre-owned specials   used truck inventory   used suv inventory   sell us your car   ford certified pre-owned program   vehicles under 15k   carfax 1 owner   value your trade   why buy used     specials   new vehicle specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   service-parts-buy-now-pay-later   military & first responders     commercial vehicles    ford commercial trucks & vans   commercial inventory     finance   finance department   credit assistance programs   payment calculator   get pre-approved   black book credit score estimator   what's my buying power   get pre-qualified   value your trade    apply for business credit     service & parts   service & parts   certified pre-owned overview   upper marlboro ford service    order parts   check vehicle for recalls   service & parts specials    mobile service   ford pickup & delivery     research   new ford models   used truck research   2025 ford explorer   2025 ford f-150   2025 ford maverick   2025 ford escape   2025 ford mustang     about us   ford accessories   schedule service   tires   fordpass   hours & directions   contact us   about us   meet our staff   centro latino ford   community involvement    employment opportunities   read our blog   why buy   privacy policy                     home   new   new   search new inventory   new specials   ford trucks inventory   new ford f-150    ford suvs inventory    new ford escape    new ford explorer    ford electric vehicles   vehicles in transit   sell us your car   transit vans   get pre-approved   ford protect   custom order   value your trade   2024 ford maverick     used   used   search used inventory   pre-owned specials   used truck inventory   used suv inventory   sell us your car   ford certified pre-owned program   vehicles under 15k   carfax 1 owner   value your trade   why buy used     specials   new vehicle specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   service-parts-buy-now-pay-later   military & first responders     commercial vehicles    ford commercial trucks & vans   commercial inventory     finance   finance department   credit assistance programs   payment calculator   get pre-approved   black book credit score estimator   what's my buying power   get pre-qualified   value your trade    apply for business credit     service & parts   service & parts   certified pre-owned overview   upper marlboro ford service    order parts   check vehicle for recalls   service & parts specials    mobile service   ford pickup & delivery     research   new ford models   used truck research   2025 ford explorer   2025 ford f-150   2025 ford maverick   2025 ford escape   2025 ford mustang     about us   ford accessories   schedule service   tires   fordpass   hours & directions   contact us   about us   meet our staff   centro latino ford   community involvement    employment opportunities   read our blog   why buy   privacy policy           


    


                                                                                                                                              disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                           
















new inventory
check out our new inventory.



view inventory












used inventory
check out our new inventory.



view inventory












value your vehicle
get an offer now.



value your vehicle












schedule service
schedule your next appointment today.



schedule service














      search new inventory     search used inventory             vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search            


a ford vehicle for every lifestyle
 see our full lineup of ford vehicles and find the one that best fits you.







ranger






f-150





f-150 raptor





f-150 lightning





maverick






superduty








bronco





bronco sport





escape hybrid






escape






edge






explorer






expedition






mustang mach-e






mustang






e-series






transit cargo van





e-transit cargo van






transit connect van



we have a large inventory of new vehicles available.
explore all new inventory



     

shop f-150 trucks
research ford f-150


2024 ford f-150
a full-size ford truck designed with purpose! the all-new 2024 ford f-150 delivers the brains and muscles to help you work smarter and harder with advanced tech and performance features. come experience the new 2024 f-150 at upper marlboro ford today!


      

    sales hours          monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday closed         service hours          monday 7:30am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 2:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 8:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 2:00pm    sunday closed        




       

welcome to upper marlboro ford
new ford and used car dealership in upper marlboro





at upper marlboro ford, we pride ourselves on putting the customer first and helping you get the best deals on all things ford! we offer the best deals, whether it's for new ford models for sale or high-quality used cars, trucks, and suvs. from our expert financial consultants to our dedicated and well-trained ford service center technicians, you can count on us to take care of you here at upper marlboro ford. located close to annapolis, waldorf, prince frederick, bowie, and clinton, md, our dealership works tirelessly to assist you throughout your car-buying experience. we know that car buying or leasing can be stressful, so let our experienced sales consultants guide you without hesitation. we want you to have the best possible experience and find your ideal ford match. come stop by upper marlboro ford or shop online for great deals! located at 5701 crain highway, upper marlboro, md 20772, our friendly sales staff is looking forward to serving you!






new ford cars, trucks, & suvs in upper marlboro

at upper marlboro ford, our dealership showroom is always filled with the latest ford cars, trucks, and suvs for sale. we have tons of options for our customers to fit any of their possible needs! our new inventory lineup has the latest ford f-150s, ford escapes, mustangs, vans, and more! see the new ford explorer for sale, alongside other popular suvs like the ford edge and the versatile ford expedition. another versatile offering is the ford bronco and ford bronco sport. these suvs are great for the adventurous type, and trustworthy in inclement weather. we have many ford trucks, from everyday pickups like the ford maverick and the ford ranger to the toughest ford super duty trucks. we can even electrify your ride, with the ford f-150 lightning and the mustang mach-e, in addition to the escape hybrid, which, offers the best of both gasoline and electric. we even have an electric commercial van, the ford e-transit, along with traditional vans like ford transit and transit connect along with many other commercial vehicles. our showroom is sure to impress with the array of new models, trim levels, and colors to choose from! to help drivers save money, we offer new ford specials on various models, from cars to that new work truck! you can find a ford commercial truck or van, and we offer commercial vehicle specials as well. give us a call or stop by our showroom to see for yourself!

used and certified pre-owned cars, trucks, & suvs in upper marlboro

while our inventory extends beyond ford models, we’re delighted to offer a wide selection of used ford trucks & cars, including certified pre-owned fords, to our customers in upper marlboro and beyond! our customers can find the right used car to meet their driving and budget needs, with over a hundred used cars currently in our used inventory! our used vehicle specials inventory has something for nearly every driving use so you can stay within your budget! our inventory of under 15k is filled with a range of makes and models, so you can find the right match at our used ford dealership! contact upper marlboro ford today - we’d love to answer all of your questions. we want to make sure our teams work together to make you satisfied and make sure you make the right investment. we look forward to meeting you and helping you find your next new-to-you ford used truck or pre-owned suv!





upper marlboro ford service center in upper marlboro

you can count on upper marlboro ford for all your automotive needs! after you buy or lease, our care does not stop there. we're committed to being there for you in the long term. while our ford trucks & cars are designed to last, regular maintenance is required to keep them running smoothly. that is why our certified technicians at our ford service center are here for you! our technicians know the ins and outs of your vehicle. we strive to provide you with absolute top service, repairs, parts, and customer satisfaction! whether you need an oil change, a tire rotation, or a brake or battery replacement, we can surely help with it all! have confidence on the road knowing your car, truck, or suv was in good hands! schedule an appointment online, or give us a call to schedule your next ford service appointment!

financing assistance in upper marlboro

auto financing has never been easier with our upper marlboro ford financial consultants helping you every step of the way. whether you are looking to lease or buy your vehicle, we have experienced consultants to guide you through the buying process. our financial experts will meticulously guide you through each finance plan option, step by step. to go a step further, we have an online credit application and a payment calculator to see where you stand with your finances and your estimated monthly payments. let us help find you great deals and match you with the perfect finance program. learn more about the financial services we offer on our website or contact us to discuss more your personalized plan!

         follow us                                           although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.we strive to provide accurate information, but please verify options and price before purchasing. all vehicles are subject to prior sale and financing is subject to approved credit. new vehicles: all discounted internet prices exclude tax, tags, and a processing charge of $799 (not required by law). internet pricing may include current promotions, retail bonus cash, college grad rebate, military rebate, retail trade-in assist, conquest cash, or other manufacturer rebates at the time of pricing. ford financing may be required on select models for a portion of the manufacturer rebates. you may not qualify for all incentives. internet sales prices are subject to change as well as manufacturer rebates and incentives may vary based on your zip code. additional manufacturer rebates and incentives may apply to those who qualify. prices are valid based on current ford motor company incentive program time periods, which vary by model. prices exclude taxes, tags and $799 processing charge (not required by law). see dealer for details.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | consent preferences | additional disclosures upper marlboro ford | 5701 crain highway, upper marlboro, md 20772 | sales: 301-627-5600 |          

upper marlboro ford




local car dealership selling new ford and used cars




serving: upper marlboro, md


local phone: (301) 517-7851


directions to upper marlboro ford




5701 crain hwy, upper marlboro, md 20772


      























                            