


	home























            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.









skip to main content (press enter).





















                home
            



                about
            



                leadership
            



                news
            



                etoolbox
            


nrc command



                regions
            



                ntags
            



                noru
            



                navy recruiting reserve command
            



                rtag central
            



                rtag northeast
            







                navy links
            



                nrc links
            



                esports
            



                find your recruiter
            



                contact us
            

















home


start of main content






















navy warrior challenge
grant lightner, a visitor to the navy warrior challenge and dive navy booth, gives a thumbs-up as he wears an explosive ordnance disposal (eod) bomb suit and helmet at usa triathlon nationals aug. 4, 2023 in milwaukee. the navy warrior challenge is designed to educate the public about and find qualifying candidates for naval special warfare programs













uss gerald r. ford (cvn 78)
an f/a-18e super hornet, attached to the "ragin' bulls" of strike fighter squadron (vfa) 37, lands on the flight deck of the world's largest aircraft carrier uss gerald r. ford (cvn 78), aug. 19, 2023. gerald r. ford is the u.s. navy's newest and most advanced aircraft carrier, representing a generational leap in the u.s. navy's capacity to project power on a global scale. the gerald r. ford carrier strike group is on a scheduled deployment in the u.s. naval forces europe area of operations, employed by u.s. sixth fleet to defend u.s., allied, and partner interests. (u.s. navy photo by mass communication specialist seaman maxwell orlosky)













carrier strike group 5
philippine sea (aug. 20, 2023) a sailor assigned to explosive ordnance disposal mobile unit (eodmu) 5, attached to commander, task force (ctf) 70, conducts a fast-rope exercise on the flight deck of the u.s. navy’s only forward-deployed aircraft carrier, uss ronald reagan (cvn 76), in the philippine sea, aug. 20, 2023. eodmu 5 conducts routine training to improve their effectiveness and interoperability with allied partners in the pacific region. ronald reagan, the flagship of carrier strike group 5, provides a combat-ready force that protects and defends the united states, and supports alliances, partnerships, and collective maritime interests in the indo-pacific region. (u.s. navy photo by mass communication specialist 3rd class timothy dimal)













leap frogs
aircrew survival equipmentman 1st class walter moskal, a member of the navy parachute team the “leap frogs,” performs a demonstration at the 123rd army-navy game held at lincoln financial field in philadelphia, pennsylvania.the leap frogs are the official parachute demonstration team of the united states navy and are part of the united states naval special warfare command. the leap frogs navy parachute team are made up of active-duty navy seals, special warfare combatant-craft crewmen (swcc), explosive ordnance disposal (eod), divers, and support personnel.













senior chief frocking
millington, tenn. (april 19, 2023) senior chief operations specialist jonathan figliola receives his senior chief cover at navy recruiting command headquarters during a frocking ceremony. (u.s. navy photo by mass communication specialist 2nd class jose madrigal)













destroyer squadron
pacific ocean (jan. 22, 2020) ships from destroyer squadron (desron) 23 transit the pacific ocean jan. 22, 2020. desron 23, part of the theodore roosevelt carrier strike group, is on a scheduled deployment to the indo-pacific. (u.s. navy photo by mass communication specialist 2nd class jason isaacs)













f/a-18e super hornet














uss forrest sherman (ddg 98)
bay of cadiz (feb. 22, 2022) the arleigh burke-class guided-missile destroyer uss forrest sherman (ddg 98)

















 



refer a future sailor and earn a flag letter of commendation




















 












 












 



recruiting magazine


















































                                all hands magazine is produced by the defense media activity for u.s. navy office of information
                            




privacy policyfoiadisclaimer contact the webmaster veterans crisis lineva vet centerfvapsite map






hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














