

the amiq institute






















what is amiq?
in 1981, two women followed a dream to visit the great fur seal islands 
        of the bering sea. their journey - spanning two decades and touching two 
        continents - was meticulously detailed by their cameras, pens and tape 
        recorders. you are about to share a glimpse of their life's work. (read 
        more...)
about this site and the amiq archive.
this site provides a glimpse of the scenery, flora, and fauna of the 
        bering sea's pribilof islands(alaska, usa) and commander islands (kamchatka, 
        russia) and the life of its aleut population. it is a small sample taken 
        from the 20 years of research by helen corbett and susanne swibold as 
        presented through words and photos. in the future, we hope that all our 
        work will be available on the web for research and education purposes. 
        (read more...)














































































about this site
this site provides a glimpse of the scenery, flora, and fauna of the 
        bering sea's pribilof islands(alaska, usa) and commander islands (kamchatka, 
        russia)and the life of its aleut population. it is a small sample taken 
        from the 20 years of research by helen corbett and susanne swibold as 
        presented through words and photos. these are preliminaries to the creation 
        of the amiq institute archives.
we need your help
we are currently seeking financial support to complete the work we have 
        begun with respect to the amiq archives. in addition to our formal grant 
        application , we would welcome any additional financial support to help 
        us organize and preserve these invaluable materials (read 
        more...).



all content and text from these pages are copyright © 2001 
  by the amiq institute.
  all images, logos and drawings are copyright © 2001by susanne swibold.

contact the amiq institute
 


