   pole-wrap - basement column covers that conceal and beautify!                 


                                  menu     home
about us
 products   pole-wrap pole-wrap extension cap & base set drink shelf  
installation
 galleries   photo gallery video gallery  
 news   tips & events  
where to buy
faqs
contact us
testimonials
           beautify poles, cover lally columns fast!purchase pole-wrap  online or at your local home improvement storetake some of the work out of remodeling your basement by covering your existing structural support columns with pole-wrap. our decorative basement pole covers are quick and easy to install. simply cut to fit and install with construction adhesive.an open floor planoften referred to as basement poles, lally columns or jack posts, these below grade structural supports often present a challenge when designing a floor plan. you can enclose some of them in walls, but larger rooms enhance your living space, especially in basements where windows are limited and smaller rooms can feel confining and uninviting. keep your floor plan open and make structural support columns an attractive design feature fast and effortlessly with pole-wrap.a high quality millwork productpole-wrap, inc. has been improving this product for over 30 years. we use only top quality construction materials to make our pole-wrap column covers. our premium hardwood models take stain beautifully, or simply finish with two coats of polyurethane to bring out the rich natural wood grain. our paintable mdf model is sanded smooth and ready for priming and painting. add our matching cap and base trim to complete the look of a classic fluted column. available in premium red oak, light maple, cherry, and paintable mdf installs quick and easy using construction adhesive (liquid nails) made with water resistant materials to guard against moisture and humidity basement pole cover height and width are easily cut to fit solid wood cap and base trim available for 3, 3½ and 4 inch diameter columns simple to custom finish with paint, stain, or just two coats of polyurethane  news and updates   6/23/2024 - alexandra gater on tiktok 12/23/2022 - apartment therapy recognizes pole-wrap as 2022's hottest diy material! 10/26/2022 - pole-wrap available again for online purchase! 4/23/2022 - pole-wrap on tiktok for alternative applications 12/18/2021 - santa's elf is everywhere!   read more            our products    pole-wrap cap & base set pole-wrap extension drink shelf       diameter circumference     3.0 inch 9.5 inch   3.5 inch 11.0 inch   4.0 inch 12.5 inch     pole-wrap in action  view our videos view photo gallery   pole-wrap drink shelf     official manufacturer no matter where you buy them, we are the official manufacturer of pole-wrap basement pole cover products. all products and designs featured on this website are property of pole-wrap, inc.       back to top 			copyright © 2025 pole-wrap® is a registered trademark of pole-wrap, inc. troy, michigan          lally column wood wraps
decorative basement pole covers
sitemap 		website design by rockford website design               