


electrical & computer engineering | umass lowell

















skip to main content








            visit                        



            a-z directory                        



            alumni                        



            myuml                        



            request info                        



            make a gift                        



search





















menu



            youbook                        



            about                        



            academics                        



            research                        



            admissions & aid                        



            student life                        



            athletics                        












home

francis college of engineering



electrical & computer engineering
















we provide a thorough grounding in electrical science, electrical engineering, and computer engineering, together with an intensive training in mathematics. 




electrical & computer engineering


francis college of engineering 


about electrical & computer engineering


programs of study


current students


experiential learning


prospective students


ece makerspace


faculty & staff


community


research


contact
 


















electrical & computer engineering (ece) offers a diverse curriculum at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. our experienced faculty have active research programs in areas including: nanotechnology, computer architecture, power distribution and more.we offer degrees in both electrical engineering and computer engineering at the bachelor, masters and doctoral levels. both programs are accredited by the engineering accreditation commission of the accreditation board for engineering and technology (abet).learn more about ece. 







electrical & computer engineering by the numbers








163


2021 undergraduate degrees - electrical & computer






187


2021 m.s. enrollment






64


2021 ph.d. enrollment






34


full-time faculty









announcements





the qualifier exam, for those who entered fall 2019 and later has been modified. please read the new qualifier exam policy. if you have any questions, please email the ece ph.d. coordinator (alkim_akyurtlu@uml.edu). 
 










important links














ece stockroom















academic calendar















course schedules















the solution center















tutoring services















coop and internships















vlsi design lab















map & directions















industrial advisory board











news



                            more news 












executive decision: alum returns to mentor business students



                                                david laurello ’81, ’88, former ceo of stratus technologies, has returned to his alma mater as executive in residence at the manning school of business, mentoring students, teaching courses and bridging the gap between academia and industry.
                                            


2/13/2025
thursday, february 13, 2025
featured story











everything clicks for differencemaker winner



                                                students showcased innovative solutions to real-world problems at the rist differencemaker institute’s annual engineering prototyping competition, with winning projects addressing classroom feedback, adjustable prosthetics, blast detection and human rights monitoring.
                                            


12/18/2024
wednesday, december 18, 2024
featured story











professors study future of ai in warfare and policy



                                                philosophy chair nicholas evans and criminology assoc. prof. neil shortland are researching the future of artificial intelligence in warfare and policy under a pair of department of defense minerva grants worth $4.2 million, leading teams that include paid student researchers and other uml and outside faculty.
                                            


9/13/2024
friday, september 13, 2024
featured story











hengyong yu elected fellow of the ieee and aapm



                                                prof. hengyong yu of the department of electrical and computer engineering has been elected a fellow of the institute of electrical and electronics engineers (ieee) and the american association of physicists in medicine (aapm).
                                            


7/15/2024
monday, july 15, 2024
department news














quick links














request information















apply















check application status















visit
















tiktok




facebook




twitter




youtube




instagram




linkedin








menu



            youbook                        



            about                        



            academics                        



            research                        



            admissions & aid                        



            student life                        



            athletics                        












department of electrical and computer engineering
umass lowell

ball hall, room 301

one university avenue, lowell, ma 01854

978-934-3300 | eceadmin@uml.eduterms of use and privacy policyaccessibility statement







this browser is not supported
for an optimum web experience we recommend the latest version of firefox, chrome, edge, or safari. please use one of the links below to install a supported browser.


firefox


chrome


dismiss





