






electram | 3 phase experts

















































toggle navigation   








located inalberta





home
about us
3 phase 

overview of 3 phase
digital converters
rotary converters
variable frequency drives (vfd)
tools for electricians


 contact us 























electram
specializing in 3 phase power for 30 years!
contact us



















electram: known for knowledge and support
 






 

digital phase converters
the highest quality solution for phase conversion. vitally important for cnc machines.











rotary phase converters
we've built these for 30 years. tried and true phase conversion solution.









 

variable frequency drives
phase conversion and speed control for your motor. great for single-motor applications.















i'm new to 3 phase power. where do i start?
you need 3 phase power but you're not totally sure what it is or how to get it.
read the quick start guide to get the essentials.

 start here 



 




google reviews




















awesome sales and even better after sales service. i highly recommend electram!

- brent electrical contractor




you can actually talk to people who know what they are doing, didn't oversell, shipped everything quickly.

- graham 




fantastic experience. i took a long time to decide but they were always there to answer all my questions. can only recommend electram

- juerg owner of woodworking shop




i bought a unit from these guys last year. excellent service,above and beyond! i was in a jam needed it in a hurry and they got to me here in b.c. quick response and very knowledgeable would buy from them in a heartbeat.

- jody business owner




the team at electram benefits from having an incredibly diverse set of skills, and is organized in a way to produce nothing but the best. everything that goes out the door is checked and rechecked, quality control is outstanding, and they have a wealth of knowledge that they take the time to share with anyone who asks. highly recommend.

- jake electrical contracor




ron and the team at electram provide outstanding customer services and high quality products.  i would highly recommend them to other electrical contractors, engineers, or anyone needing their services.  very satisfied and hope to work with them again soon.

- jesse owner of woodworking shop




electram was extremely patient with all my questions and very very knowledgeable. very happy to have found them.

- tamara small business owner




i purchased a used electram phase converter on craigslist and needed help with the connections.  the staff at electram responded to my emails and phone call immediately and were very helpful answering all of my questions, getting my phase converter up and running quickly.  great customer service.  they even has all of the original specs and info on my exact converter.

- mark small business owner




thank you for intense service and parts delivery. you people were knowledgeable, patient and helpful. from ordering parts at 4 pm est and receiving them the next day by noon, not once but 3 times! absolutely amazing. and a special thanks to ron as we were troubleshooting a very tricky application. our customer was very happy and impressed.

- tony owner of orser technical services




fantastic technical and sales support. really highly recommend these guys!

- joseph 









 






our blog











 





need help programming a lenze vfd?
we would be happy to help.
we can also pre-program the vfd before we ship it to you.

 contact us 










electram
known for 3 phase knowledge and support




extra links


 home 
 about us 
 contact us 
 return policy 


 digital converters 
 rotary converters 
 tools for electricians 






get in touch


mon - fri 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 
                saturday & sunday closed 
18112 107 ave nw edmonton, ab, canada









contact us










© copyright 2025, electam | all rights reserved.


















