















arvada fire protection district | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in















    about us      services      programs & learning      how do i...  


 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 
 

 










     





 
 
 



 














arvada fire


our family helping your family
 






  
 
 












 














feedback form








apply for a job








event request










 
 














home safety visits








district documents








codes & permits










 
 
 

























 














latest news


stay up to date
 






  
 
 















firefighter of the year 


bryan attardi was named arvada fire's 2024 firefighter of the year. he was presented with the prestigious recognition at the annual awards ceremony on friday, feb. 7.						read on firefighter of the year







employee of the year 


kevin kirby, a fire prevention specialist and chaplain with arvada fire, has been named our 2024 employee of the year.						read on employee of the year







celebrate american heart month 


american heart month is this february and arvada fire is inviting you to overserve the month by focusing on your cardiovascular health.						read on heart month







arvada fire and fairmount fire merger passes 


we’re pleased to announce that the fairmount voters have passed the three ballot measures supporting the merger between arvada fire and fairmount fire. this merger has the unanimous support of both agencies.						read on merger







safe medication disposal and drug take back options 


medicine take back options are the best way to safely dispose of unused or expired prescription and nonprescription medicines. collection sites also exist for household needles and sharps.						read on safe drug disposal







celebrate fire prevention week 


smoke alarms serve as the first line of defense in a home fire, providing early detection and valuable time to get to safety. before they can make a life-saving difference, your smoke alarms need to be working in the first place!						read on fire prevention







keep in touch 


stay in touch with us by following us on twitter, becoming our friend on facebook, or subscribing to one of our rss feeds.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














upcoming events


mark your calendar
 






  
 














what it means to be a class 1 agency 


arvada fire has earned and retained two of the highest recognitions available to fire agencies, reflecting our commitment to keeping residents and businesses safe.						read on class 1











/civicalerts.aspx


  

  









mar
5	


board of directors meeting
			district board meetings are held on the first wednesday of each month and are open to the public.		
board of directors meetingread on






apr
16	


board of directors meeting
			district board meetings are held on the first wednesday of each month and are open to the public.		
board of directors meetingread on






may
7	


board of directors meeting
			district board meetings are held on the first wednesday of each month and are open to the public.		
board of directors meetingread on




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







7903 allison wayarvada, co 80005phone: 303-424-3012fax: 303-432-7995emergency: 911directoryadministration business hours: monday through friday8 am to 5 pm
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







career opportunities



fire code resources



frequently asked questions



incident report request



home safety visits



district documents



board documents









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



connect with us!



accessibility 



copyright notices



staff portal









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 

















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









