



peter drew voiceovers | narration commercials elearning medical promo      
skip to content

peter drew voiceoverscredible. believable. directable.


 


menuhome
demos
voice over coaching
about
contact
blog
articles
directing voiceovers: don’t be. do.
voice over demo: christina & the animation demo, pt. 1
voiceover demo: christina & the animation demo, pt. 2
voice over producer: getting the best performance from voice over talent
take your copy to the woodshed: marking up copy
finding the natural rhythm in voiceover copy
nasal irrigation: clearing the way to better voiceovers
taking care of your voice in a voice over session
stop the stumbles – a quick tip for voice over talents
writing copy for voiceovers
going global with your voiceovers business
starting your at-home voice-over business
getting paid for voice over gigs
equipping your home voiceover studio
setting up an affordable home voice over studio: step by step
the future of voiceovers
a voiceover by any other name…
interview with a voiceover guy
voiceovers and ever-changing english

voice over resourcesto download: chrome-click 3 dots; firefox-right click on player, then save audio ascorporate/industrialcommercialse-learningmedical/pharmaceuticallegal/settlementautomotivecharactersradio imagingtv affiliate promoon-hold/ivr promptsaudiobooksinfomercialspoliticalfor video samples, please visit the demos page.voiceovers that are…credible. narrations for fortune 500 companies, elearning, promo, and explainer videos. believable. voice-overs for tv and radio spots, radio imaging, and tv promo. directable. taking a character, a feeling, where the client wants it to be. i communicate the story you need to tell–the way you need it told–to get the result you need to achieve. telling your story via source-connect, isdn (bridged), phone patch, and, by special request, two cans and a string or carrier pigeon. (for your safety, cans are bpa-free. carrier pigeon is organic and free range.)dan gorczyca line/agency/post producer“peter and i worked together on a national campaign that ran for over two years. this is due in no small part to his approachable and encouraging delivery. further, recording a session via source-connect or phone patch from his studio is smooth as can be. he makes it easy for his clients to concentrate on the performance while enjoying a professional and economical experience. i would work again with peter, and recommend him wholeheartedly!”william murphy, on-air promo mgr, wtic-tv“peter drew has a tremendously versatile range. whether the script is hard-hitting, touching, humorous…or even whimsical, he knows how to get just the right feel to make a promo work. peter’s unique voice signature has helped us improve our branding in the market and keeps us consistently ranked as one of the top-performing fox affiliates in america. he requires little direction, is easy to work with, and always delivers on schedule—even on a tight turnaround.”kelly macmillan, program director – 1015 the hawk, port hawkesbury, nova scotia“peter has been our imaging voice for many years. his warm delivery has made him a big part of our station’s identity. he is a pleasure to work with and his fast turnaround time is second to none. i can’t recommend him enough – if you are thinking of working with peter for a project, you won’t be disappointed!”for additional samples of my voice over work, please check out these full  spots, videos, and promos. as a voice over talent, i always appreciate the opportunity to audition or provide a quote on a project. please contact me at peter drew voiceovers by email at peter@peterdrewvo.com, or by voice or text at 860-856-3882. if you’re looking for information on the craft and business of voiceovers, please visit my selection of articles and my blog.about this siteall content on this site: © 2004-2023.email: peter(at)peterdrewvo.commobile: 860-856-3882 "in my 20+ years of audio post production and voice over recording i have worked with many voice over artists. when i encountered peter drew i knew i had a real find. over the years i have enjoyed a mutually profitable relationship with peter, who never fails to deliver. he is directable, available, and affordable, all qualities that set independent voice talent apart from the competition. if you need a unique, distinctive and versatile voice, peter is your man."
 shaun m. mullins
owner, propellerhead mediacopyright © 2025 peter drew voiceovers. all rights reserved. theme spacious by themegrill. powered by: wordpress.home
demos
voice over coaching
about
contact
blog
articles
voice over resources
privacy policy
  