



the official murderous maths site!

the official murderous maths site





























the books, the extra bits, 
        games, hints, tricks, puzzles... they're all here ! 

voted "site of the week" by amazon.co.uk 17/4/01 and since then it's got even better. 





























 if you call it murderous math then see our usa visitors page
 












please support our favourite bookshop! 

order any book (including all the mm series) plus, cards and fun novelty items from

the little apple bookshop

or if you're walking past york minster, pop in to look round! 

         




























coming out in april 2025...




a book of mazes tricks and secrets using your times-tables skills! 







try our daily number logic puzzles!

*perfect for the classroom*
see the video on our 
k-puzz page



maths fun at home!





watch lots of activities, fun and facts at 
kjartan's lockdown videos


we've also got...

puzzles
stuff to do and make
learning fun
tricks and games






try our three magical colour illusions










hi! 

we're the gang from the murderous maths books and we hope you enjoy our site. 
some of our most popular pages are shown here, otherwise you can find what you want using the link bar at the bottom of the screen or the full contents page. 

teachers and homeschoolers might be interested in the guide to the maths in the mm books otherwise try the teacher resources or our a-z guide. 
maths show you can book the murderous maths creator kjartan poskitt for shows or appearances or watch him do some tricks on you tube.

you might even find some of the hidden links (try clicking on us, or the mm banner above!) or if you really don't know where to start and you're feeling brave... try the mystery tour!













how many mice make an elephant?

see the new award-winning range of fiction and non-fiction books here! 










have you seen the new covers yet? 

























 






where can you see this? 








