





las vegas convention and visitors authority | lvcva



































































visit las vegas

meetings & conventions

travel professionals














































destination marketing





advertising campaigns


sales & marketing initiatives




signature events


transportation development


advocacy


research


press & publicity


who we are





mission, vision, values


board of directors





board meeting schedule & minutes





schedule & minutes archive






leadership team






























a milestone day for las vegas and major league baseball
the clark county stadium authority board unanimously approved the final items necessary to secure the a's ballpark. "today's approval will lead to many years of major league baseball and some pretty fantastic events at a new ballpark on this iconic corner in las vegas." said steve hill, chairman of the clark county stadium authority.

















we are the voice of las vegas tourism
as the official destination marketing organization of las vegas, our mission is to make las vegas the undisputed global destination for leisure and business travel.

















hospitality heroes
celebrating the accomplishments of frontline hospitality workers in las vegas.


							learn more
						








































1 of 3















creating value for stakeholders
we deliver growth and prosperity to the las vegas economy. here’s how we do it:
















								promoting the destination
							

we create iconic global campaigns that deliver on our brand promise, growing and sustaining tourism by telling the story of what it means to have an "#onlyvegas" experience.
destination marketing

















								conventions, shows and special events
							

from show-stopping entertainment and exhilarating sporting events to the top expos, las vegas is where the most influential brands gather.
signature events

















								transportation development
							

we work together with partners across the entire transportation spectrum, from airline carriers and infrastructure agencies to emerging industries, to ensure ease of access for travelers and enhanced travel experiences to and from las vegas.
transportation development







slide to explore












						travel and tourism advocacy
					
we are a leading voice on issues that impact thriving, healthy tourism to southern nevada and within the united states, championing the crucial benefits our industry delivers to local, regional and national economies.


									learn more
									
								















						climate action plan
					
the planning process for our climate action plan is more than just a method to reach carbon neutrality, it is an affirmation of our commitment not only to produce world-class events but to do so in an environmentally conscious way.


									learn more
									
										




















						trends and research
					
our wide-ranging research capabilities serve industry partners and national tourism advocacy organizations. we monitor travel trends and provide resources that deliver insights to enable more effective business strategies.


									explore research
									
								















						lvcva tourism tracker
					
search and sort our extensive archive of research projects and programs more easily with our dynamic, user-friendly query tool.


									start searching
									
								
















						press and publicity
					
the lvcva chronicles the city’s sights and sounds, showcasing the exciting events happening across the city daily and providing a resource for media.


									see the latest news
									
								









		loading news releases...







slide to explore







































contact us


careers


press & publicity


funding & finance


records request


governance


meetings & minutes


bidding & contracts








					privacy policy & terms of use
				



					site map
				





					visitlasvegas.com
				



					visitlaughlin.com
				



					visitmesquite.com
				



					visitbouldercity.com
				



					vegasmeansbusiness.com
				







					privacy policy & terms of use
				



					site map
				



© 2025 las vegas convention and visitors authority
all rights reserved







backto top














