


brian grant unofficial page








 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close
























 
brian's profile
biography
brian's stats
photo galleries
video
screen saver
trivia quiz
message board
xavier
free e-mail
links
contact me


 





poll

if the heat trade brian, would you hate them?

yes, riley is not loyal
no
results












visitors

		
 










brian grant
		


 
  
  


 


tell your friend about this page 

 email to:














grant: knee won't be a problem
the pain is constant. treatment this past summer seemingly only made it worse. so as brian grant prepares for the 2002-03 season, ominously, he already is considering treatment options for next summer...

(more)


the general
a guy like brian grant is worth his weight in gold: with him, you always know what you're 
gonna receive: hard work, undying dedication, pure heart. 

brian 2000-01 quick facts
averaged 15.3 points, 8.8 rebounds,
 0.88 blocks and 1.2 assists in 33.9 minutes per game. shot
  .479 from the field and .797 from the free throw line. has 31 double-doubles
   on the season. was one of three miami players to appear in all 82 games. set
    career highs this season in games played, minutes, field goals made and attempted,
     free throws made, rebounds, steals and points. became just the fourth player in 
     heat history to grab at least 700 rebounds in a season joining rony seikaly, 
     alonzo mourning and anthony mason. hit 79.7 percent of his free throw attempts
      this season after entering the season a 72 percent 
      career shooter from the foul line.

grant gets through it all
brian grant made it to the finish line. it wasn’t nearly as 
rewarding as he expected.
because of that, the heat center said he would rededicate 
himself to the offseason program that helped him elevate his game...




(more)


brian grant capsule
grant deserved better than to be first shoved into the middle
 in alonzo mourning’s absence, and then to be 
shoved out of the starting lineup after mourning returned.

(more)


grant fills in admirably with zo out
the shots were falling, not every one, but enough to get brian grant to grin as he egged on some amateur shooters at a clinic.
two hours after the converted heat center finished practicing his young chuckers...

(more)


heat has an anchor up front in grant
he is one of the shortest centers in the nba. he is replacing the team's all-star center.
although he is not producing like his predecessor, brian grant is an anchor on the team's front line and is having a career-best season...

(more)


talking trash
whether you're a heat lover or hater, this is the spot to log on and voice your opinions with other brian grant fans now! 

(brian's forum)


the brian grant foundation
the mission of the brian grant foundation is to assist seriously ill children and their families, as well as under-privileged youth. the brian grant foundation strives to make an immediate impact on the lives of people who need assistance and meet the foundation's criteria. 


(the brian grant foundation)


dreadlock riddle
back when brian grant was a kid, he’d spend all summer working in the tobacco fields, wrestling with plants too big for his own good, body itchy with heat and humidity as flies and mosquitoes turned the sweat red...



(more)


saving a kid's life
sixteen-year-old luther "woody" ellett has reached a crucial moment in his two-year struggle with leukemia.brian grant kicked off a big publicity campaign encouraging potential bone marrow donors to register with marrow donor services... 


(more)








 

 









created by walid el horr. po-box:11-0236/4335 beirut, lebanon. all rights reserved.
  
  












