































































opelika auburn news | breaking news | oanow.com | read opelika, al and alabama breaking news. get latest news, events and information on alabama sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















32°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world 



news tip




obituaries


recent obituaries



find an obituary



share a story




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



auburn university



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



exclusive



get healthy




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



today's ads



opelika-auburn news archives




our publications


the corner




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



memory plaques



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



become a carrier



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

buy & sell









32°
clear
























        
        
            phenix city woman among first to receive new cancer treatment at columbus hospital

"i am several cycles in and a recent pet scan shows it’s working. i’m very grateful to the oncology staff at piedmont for their care and compassion," susan williams said.

















        
        
            'we know what’s at stake': lee-scott academy gearing up for elite eight matchup

 “this is for a regional championship. this is for history. this is for a trip to birmingham.”

















        
        
            south smiths station principal on leave amid investigation into alleged compliance issues

"there was some closed-doors conversations that i can't discuss, but the verbiage was very clear that we better fix it and could possibly lose state funding," howard said.

















        
        
            alabama expedites medicaid for pregnant women, joining other states with high mortality rates

the bill now goes to the senate for its consideration. 

















        
        
            juco forward commits to auburn

the good news keeps rolling in for auburn as the tigers gained the commitment of juco forward abdul bashir

















        
        
            auburn's new chicken restaurant opens on south college street

waldo’s chicken & beer in auburn held its grand opening on tuesday, feb. 4, and received positive customer feedback.   

















        
        
            new $5.89m athletic complex coming to smiths station high school

"it's going to open up a lot of opportunities for all of our school system to benefit even schools that are not in smiths station," lcs superintendent mike howard said. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            juco forward commits to auburn



















        
        
            through the lens: auburn baseball opens season with win over holy cross


















        
        
            alabama expedites medicaid for pregnant women, joining other states with high mortality rates















                
                the latest


















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.





















        
        
            opelika neighbors: obituaries for february 8

read through the obituaries published today in opelika-auburn news. 





















        
        
            opelika neighbors: obituaries for february 7

read through the obituaries published today in opelika-auburn news. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            watch auburn basketball celebrate after win over alabama




















        
        
            auburn basketball defeats alabama in round one of the iron bowl of basketball




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            auburn gymnastics’ olivia hollingsworth announces her injury is season-ending

“thank you to my coaches, teammates, and the auburn family for helping me fall in love with gymnastics again.”




















        
        
            report: auburn’s dewanna bonner joining caitlin clark, signing with indiana fever

bonner is signing a one-year deal to join the indiana fever and play alongside caitlin clark in the 2025 season.




















        
        
            auburn rising stars keko jong and marissa neal both earn sec honors

the two auburn freshmen went toe-to-toe in several events friday night with an olympic world champion.




















        
        
            groth: auburn gymnastics freshmen have ‘everything they need’ to take tigers to next level

here’s how the tigers are trying to take another step forward entering the oregon state meet.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            how subscription models for ai companions work in alabama

affiliate content. discover how subscription models for ai companions operate in alabama, offering personalized features while raising questions about accessibility and ethics.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            respiratory specialist



                                        po box 311621, enterprise, al 36331
                                    






















        
        
            dothan pediatric clinic



                                        126 clinic dr, dothan, al 36303
                                    






















        
        
            southeast health pain management



                                        208 haven dr., dothan, al 36301
                                    
















                
                latest local offers
                
                    










        
        
            office for lease


















        
        
            insurance


















        
        
            r.a.m. pressure washing










                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            aim high






































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter sign-up

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

licensing

legal notices

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        opelika-auburn news	, 204 s 8th street opelika, al 36801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























