








elkhorn lake hunt club







































elkhorn lake hunt club

search


primary menu
skip to content






search for:



 







welcome

 
upland gamebird hunting at its best! has been our motto since opening in 1962s. everything we do, from grooming our fields to our bird quality, is to provide the best hunting to be found anywhere. elkhorn provides a destination hunting resort close to home. we look forward to hosting you soon. 419-562-6131 or 419-617-5745

 

elkhorn lake hunt club is open to the public, not limited to memberships, offering ringneck pheasant, chukar partridge, and hungarian partridge hunting, plus sporting clays. our hunting packages allow you  that once-a-year hunt, or let you try out our facilities. this year we celebrate our 62th year! watch for our new brochure coming out in september for some of our history highlighted.
our pheasant season opens  with the dog training special from october 1st through october 31st, (limited availability on weekends) using your dog for a 6 hen-pheasant bag limit per hunter for $115. weekend minimums of a 12-bird bag limit ($230) apply. additional hens available at $19 each. this is our lowest cost of the year.
please note we are closed for family field day the last saturday in september.
the season also opens october 1st through march 31st for guided hunts, or using your own dog.
conclude the season with the spring quail special in april for dog owners (our dog handlers available on a limited basis). reservation required by march 1st or we will stop taking reservation when they are all spoken for. watch email newsletter for details or call club for details.
while some clubs offer memberships that just get you in the door, elkhorn lake hunt club memberships (available until november 1st) are not required, but offer a prepayment discount when paid before november 1st.  prepay by october 1st and individual members receive a 100-bird sc card, corporate members a 200-bird sc card.

individual memberships  include a twenty (20) pheasant package, costing $600 for a new membership (w/ nra discount $580.) a previous membership renewal is $550, ($530 w/ nra discount.) see the hunting packages page for discount details… additional bird cards $530 ($510 w/ nra discount)
photo credit: chip gross
corporate memberships include a sixty (60) pheasant package costs $1630 for a new membership ($1590 w/ nra discount), or $1590 ($1530 w/ nra discount) if you have had a previous membership. birds do not carry over from year to year, & must be released by february 15th or forfeited without prior arrangements, such as having them dressed.
~ members needing dog and handlers add $60/ hunt.
~ individual members receive a $2.00 discount on sporting clays.
~ corporate member receive a $3.00 discount on sporting clays

photo credit: chip gross
our hunts consist of morning or afternoon reservations so we can better ensure your safety. payment is for birds released. although we do our best to see that you get your birds, we cannot guarantee your ability, or that of your dog. our insurance carrier requires all hunters to sign a liability waiver. we use this address to add you to our mailing list. if an email is provided, we add you to our email newsletter, providing club news of open weekends, open europeans, and special event reminders. we won’t flood your inbox or share your address. and we don’t sell our lists!
you can sign a liability waiver before you arrive for your hunt and be added to our email newsletter & yearly mailing. 
we offer good quality ring-neck pheasant, chukar and hungarian partridge hunting, the best possible to find anywhere. our experienced dogs and handlers are here to see you have an enjoyable hunt. why travel so far for what’s so close to home?

we look forward to seeing you at elkhorn. call us for reservations. please check the packages and prices page for additional information as well as our sporting clays and events page!
peg & sam ballouruth malpassamuel ballouand the elkhorn staff.
 








welcome
hunt packages and prices
sporting clays and upcoming events
family field day a big success!
frequently asked questions
local lodging & travel information
printable directions
elkhorn guides and staff
elkhorn farms & hatchery
news from elkhorn
 

contact email elkhorn

419-562-6131

4146 klopfenstein road, bucyrus, oh 44820

account management 
log in

 





					proudly powered by wordpress				






