













c-mac - home

























































 





















			skip to content		












solutions
markets

transportation & e-mobility
aerospace & defence
industrial & cleantech
medtech


locations
about us
quality
 








fr


 






 



search for...






 




















navigation menu

 

 

















fr


 






 



search for...






 















menu 




navigation menu

 

 













			navigation menu					






home
solutions
markets
locations
about us
quality
careers
news
contact
 



 


our solution engineers are here to help.


ask us anything










 















electronics
solutions
manufacturer





we provide
your innovation


let us convince you









3 reasons
why you
should choose
c-mac









1.



communication & customer-centric


at cmac, we emphasize effective communication and prioritize customer satisfaction. we provide a unified point of contact, ensuring consistency in team collaboration throughout the engagement.





2.



quality & expertise


with a rich 25-year history in the market and numerous certifications, cmac is committed to delivering top-notch quality to our clients. our primary focus is on maintaining the highest standards of expertise to meet and exceed customer expectations.





3.



custom solutions & co-creation


we foster collaborative partnerships with our customers, actively involving them in the process of finalizing product designs. our approach is centered around creating customized solutions through co-creation to address unique requirements.























streamlined
manufacturing
processes





if your electronics design requires new or modified process technologies, our c-mac engineering team has a proven track record of implementing and combining various new & existing process technologies.
 
we support you to optimise your design for a reliable quality process with our existing broad technology range and willingness to include new processes.


learn more



expertise in 4
markets covering
europe and
north-america





transportation
& e-mobility





learn more





aerospace
& defence





learn more





industrial
& cleantech





learn more





medtech





learn more











sherbrooke,canada
at c-mac sherbrooke, we combine unmatched market experience in north america, technical and process capabilities, manufacturing know-how and supply chain expertise to enable success of our customers. we are driven to provide the best quality to our customers.
c-mac sherbrooke is specialized in automotive, avionics, industrial and healthcare products. with our expertise around pcba, ceramic thick film (ceramic pcb) and box build, we can adapt to a large variety of technologies for your electronics.
learn more







ronse,belgium
at c-mac ronse, we combine unmatched market experience, technical and process capabilities, manufacturing know-how and supply chain expertise to enable the success of our customers.
c-mac ronse is specialized in automotive, aerospace, industrial and healthcare products. we have expertise around ceramic thick film (ceramic pcb), pcba, wire bonding, vacuum soldering & hermetic sealing.
learn more







warwick,united kingdom
c-mac smt has over 22 years’ experience in being an agile, communicative & flexible electronic manufacturing services (ems) partner to market leading oems, across all the high technology market sectors in the uk for pcba, sub-system box builds and high-level assembly solutions.
we continue to deliver competitive and tailored contract manufacturing supply chain solutions of the highest quality to our customers, through listening to our customer’s needs & strategies.
learn more











our solution engineers are here to help





navigating challenges, delivering solutions


ask us anything


riwan tamic, ceo c-mac“at c-mac, we believe in creating the conditions for a workplace where our commitments to our employees mirrors the dedication we extend to our valued customers.”






our quality





our mission





we strive to satisfy our customers by delivering outstanding service performance and product quality with a customer centric approach and to operate our processes in the most environmentally responsible way.





our vision





to be the preferred supplier of customized high reliability electronic solutions for harsh environments.
to act as a model in our industry for sound environmental, health and safety practices and performance in all operations.


learn more


news





c-mac and vector blue hub announce strategic partnership6 february 2025electronica 24: insights from c-mac’s journey in a shifting global landscape2 december 2024


view all
 






innovating the
future, crafting
your electronic
solutions


contact us


ronse, belgium





c-mac electromag bv
industriëlestraat 4
9600 ronse, belgium





warwick, united kingdom





c-mac smt ltd.
8 heathcote way
warwick, warwickshire,
uk cv34 6te





sherbrooke, canada





c-mac microcircuits ulc
3000, industrial boulevard
j1l 1v8 sherbrooke, quebec
canada





follow us.











cookie policy | privacy policy





designed by bosh & bordon


























































