













home - maui's best flowers - hana, maui - order beautiful bouquets!




























































 





















skip to content





 

 


maui's best flowers
paradise found.







home
catalog
basket
links
my account
contact us
 






0


cart 







search for:


search















maui’s best is the best!“freshest, long lasting, quality gift of aloha”
read what “primetime live” said in it’s nation-wide survey:
“the unique and exotic quality of hawaiian tropical flowers is unmatched. on a spring segment of “primetime live,” a nationally-broadcast television program, a survey was done of 20 flower bouquets from florists across the united states. bouquets were equally matched in price and compared for beauty, durability, and other qualities. the two hawaiian flower growers bouquets rated numbers one and two in survey results. one hana grower reports that his phone began ‘ringing off the hook’ after the airing of the segment.” — maui news, sept 20, 1998
shipping
we usually ship flowers on monday, tuesday and wednesday. when ordering, please specify the date you want the flowers to arrive at their destination. there is an extra $10 charge for saturday delivery, and fedex charges for delivery to some locations might be higher. we will email or phone you before shipping if additional charges apply.
when specifying delivery date, please allow for two days shipping nationwide. with proper care our flower arrangements can last more than two weeks! sorry, we do not ship orders outside of the united states.
friday shipping for arrival on a following monday can also be arranged. please contact us if you have special shipping requirements.randy wyant
2 reviews 3 photos
if i could do a 10-star rating, i would! i just ordered the double arrangement for my wife for our 40th wedding anniversay. the flowers were shipped “overnight”, which is one day to the u.s. west coast, or two days to the east coast. they were in a sturdy package (14 pounds, if that gives you an idea of the size of this arrangement). just unwrap and put in a very large vase (they would have included one, but we had one).  they are perfectly arranged, so you don’t have to be a florist!  we were familiar with maui’s best flowers as we stayed at a house in hana where they supplied flower arrangements to beautify the house for guests.  stacy and terry were extremely helpful in taking my order by phone and changing the delivery date when my schedule changed.  my wife was stunned when she opened the box and saw the most beautiful flowers in the world!  thanks, stacy & terry!




 




products

 maui magic

$118.00



 double maui magic

$199.00



 triple maui magic

rated 5.00 out of 5
$250.00










 maui's best flowers5.0based on 9 reviewspowered by googlereview us onbill test21:49 28 apr 20i have been using maui’s best for years.   best folks to work with and the flowers are always fresh and great.   best gift for  my awesome wife flowers last longer than the local florist.  her friends are envious!ken kilpatrick20:31 20 jan 20owner terry was a pleasure to work with; personable, down-to-earth, the kind of individual who treats complete strangers like esteemed old acquaintances. the flowers i ordered as a christmas gift for my wife were gathered with obvious care from terry’s fields, and packaged with the same attention to detail. the arrangement was radiant throughout the holiday season and endured for weeks afterward. when i phoned terry in january to share how successfully the flowers had arrived and lasted, he was extremely appreciative. all in all, a super-positive experience! mahalo!marjery lee11:42 16 jun 19terry and stacy are wonderful ant the flowers beautiful. i sent them for a celebration of life memorial. the receivers text to me “the beautiful flowers arrived today.. it is the most stunning arrangement i have ever seen. wow!!!!!!!! thank you so much. i know xxxx would havr been blown away. “  the receiver also received a call from stacy to verified the arrived in good shape. wow not only are the flower arrangements awesome so is the service. thank you 😊 .antonio domingo rodriguez martin22:40 10 may 19i have yet to see the flowers however the experience talking to the person that  help me order the flowers was amazing. he was very cordial helpful and understanding. is the flowers are as beautiful as this men attitude was that will be no other flowers more of beautiful than those.matt monks15:56 09 may 19absolutely gorgeous! stacy and terry are absolutely wonderful people and their flowers are clearly grown and arranged with love.celeste frye02:24 16 sep 17these are some of the most amazing flowers. they last forever! you will never get these from your local florist. there is nothing that compares to mauis best flowers unless of course you are in maui and see them yourself!sufian chaudhary03:49 13 may 17the most beautiful flowers in all of hawaii. all their flowers are sourced fresh on their tropical fruit and flower farm. so much love and attention is dedicated to each and every arrangement. thank you for everything!andrew walter15:08 03 apr 17greg graven18:38 03 feb 17see all reviews  













		copyright ©  2025		maui's best flowers
		all rights reserved. theme: flash by themegrill.		powered by wordpress 
























