











line upon line...by randall gearhart




		<$blogrsdurl$>
		
		














line upon line
...thought-provoking commentary by randall gearhart






sunday, september 28, 2008
check this out... 

i invite you to visit my new "devoblog." and after you've stopped by "the blog," you can head over to thechurchguy.tv where you can view video messages from my 30+ years in ministry.i hope to meet you there, soon!randall gearhart"thechurchguy"
// posted by thechurchguy @ 9/28/2008


sunday, july 10, 2005
welcome to line upon line 

line upon line is a collection of personal essays, words of inspiration, and thought-provoking commentary on current events. if this is your first time here, be sure to check out the archives, too. you might find just what you're looking for!if you surf on over to randall gearhart ministries, you can learn more about me, and have access to realplayer audio files and transcripts of my messages.questions or comments? email me!
// posted by thechurchguy @ 7/10/2005


think on these things... 

i recently published a book of some of my blogs that's now available at amazon.com, barnes & noble.com, and booksamillion.com.one step at a time: words of wisdom, wit, and inspiration is a collection of ninety-five inspirational essays, quotations, and scriptures originally published over the past year on my “line upon line” weblog.the thought-provoking commentary and stories in one step at a time are a great way to start your day—or any time you need a spiritual “pick-me-up.” you will be enlightened, encouraged, challenged, and changed as you think on these things!finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things. --philippians 4:8
// posted by thechurchguy @ 7/10/2005


monday, february 21, 2005
a faith that's tried and true 

"you never know how much you really believe anything until its truth or falsehood becomes a matter of life and death to you. it is easy to say you believe a rope to be strong and sound as you are merely using it to cord a box. but suppose you had to hang by that rope over a precipice. wouldn't you first discover how much you really trusted it?...only a real risk tests the reality of a belief." --c.s. lewis (lewis penned these thoughts in "a grief observed," after the passing of his wife.)think on these things...james 1:2-4 (nlt)dear brothers and sisters, whenever trouble comes your way, let it be an opportunity for joy. for when your faith is tested, your endurance has a chance to grow. so let it grow, for when your endurance is fully developed, you will be strong in character and ready for anything.hebrews 6:17-20 (lvb)god also bound himself with an oath, so that those he promised to help would be perfectly sure and never need to wonder whether he might change his plans. he has given us both his promise and his oath, two things we can completely count on, for it is impossible for god to tell a lie. now all those who flee to him to save them can take new courage when they hear such assurances from god; now they can know without doubt that he will give them the salvation he has promised them. this certain hope of being saved is a strong and trustworthy anchor for our souls, connecting us with god himself behind the sacred curtains of heaven, where christ has gone ahead to plead for us from his position as our high priest...
// posted by thechurchguy @ 2/21/2005


tuesday, january 04, 2005
got faith? 

  "the acid test of our faith in the promises of god is never found in the easy-going, comfortable ways of life, but in the great emergencies, the times of storm and of stress, the days of adversity, when all human aid fails." --   edith bell  think on these things...  hebrews 11:32-39 (nlt) well, how much more do i need to say? it would take too long to recount the stories of the faith of gideon, barak, samson, jephthah, david, samuel, and all the prophets. by faith these people overthrew kingdoms, ruled with justice, and received what god had promised them. they shut the mouths of lions, quenched the flames of fire, and escaped death by the edge of the sword. their weakness was turned to strength. they became strong in battle and put whole armies to flight. women received their loved ones back again from death. but others trusted god and were tortured, preferring to die rather than turn from god and be free. they placed their hope in the resurrection to a better life. some were mocked, and their backs were cut open with whips. others were chained in dungeons. some died by stoning, and some were sawed in half; others were killed with the sword. some went about in skins of sheep and goats, hungry and oppressed and mistreated. they were too good for this world. they wandered over deserts and mountains, hiding in caves and holes in the ground. all of these people we have mentioned received god's approval because of their faith.
// posted by thechurchguy @ 1/04/2005


monday, july 26, 2004
quick hits 

  my son, jason, came home one afternoon a few weeks ago and asked me if i'd seen the "pirate ship," docked near the military street bridge in downtown port huron, michigan. i told him, "that's not a pirate ship--it's a replica of the nina, one of the three ships that brought christopher columbus across the atlantic to the new world."the 93-foot-long ship was built in brazil in 1991. since that time, it has stopped at over 450 ports throughout the world. that particular weekend, the ship was moored at desmond marine on the black river.what amazed me was how small the ship is. the nina was columbus' favorite ship, and he logged 25,000 miles with her. as i walked the deck of this replica, i imagined what it must have been like to step aboard, leaving comfortable places and familiar faces for the danger of the sea and worlds unknown. i wondered what type of person would dare risk their very life to embark on such an adventure.after my tour of the ship, i had the opportunity to meet and talk with a very special member of the nina crew. miss ellie is 73-years-old, and has been sailing on the nina for 4 years. what an amazing story she told me--and what an amazing woman she is! you can read more about miss ellie on the nina website. she is an inspiration! you can learn more about the nina here, and view some photos i took while the nina was docked in port huron, here.cruisin' port huronport huron hosts an annual classic car cruise and show each summer. this month an estimated 500 vehicles made their way through town, to the delight of thousands of people--young and old-- who lined military street and pine grove avenue. it really works!speaking of clean machines, i decided to give the new mr. clean autodry car wash system a try. maybe you've seen it advertised recently. now, i have to say, i was somewhat skeptical of mr. clean's claims of a spotless rinse with no drying--but, i've become a believer! i've always enjoyed washing and waxing my car, but i can't say that drying has been a favorite part of the process. target has the best price i've found for the system, and they just lowered their price on the soap and replaceable water filter. wash it, rinse it, and walk away! hey, if it works this great on my black pontiac grand prix, it will work on whatever you're driving, too!something else that works well is the new gillette m3power razor. yeah, i know...the commercials are kinda' stupid, and the razor and replacement blades are fairly expensive--but the razor gives the best shave from a blade that i've ever had. actually, it's even better than my $130.00 braun synchro system shaver. just thought some of you guys might like to know.read any good books lately? here's one i encourage you to check out. it's titled, posterity: letters of great americans to their children, by dorie mccullough lawson. my brother-in-law, efren, gave me this book as a gift recently and i have enjoyed it immensely. posterity is a collection of personal letters written by well-known people, such as thomas edison, george washington, laura ingalls wilder, eleanor roosevelt, and woody guthrie, to their children. i have found many of these letters absolutely fascinating!  here's an excerpt from a letter written by abigail adams to her son, john quincy adams:these are times in which a genious would wish to live. it is not in the still calm of life, or the repose of a pacific station, that great characters are formed. would cicero have shone so distinguished an orater, if he had not been roused, kindled and enflamed by the tyranny of cadline, millo, verres and mark anthony. the habits of a vigorous mind are formed in contending with difficulties. all history will convince you of this, and that wisdom and penetration are the fruits of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure.great necessities call out great virtues. when a mind is raised, and animated by scenes that engage the heart, then those qualities which would otherways lay dormant, wake into life, and form the character of the hero and the statesman. here's another, from "great awakening" theologian, jonathan edwards, written to his fifteen-year-old daughter, mary, while she was visiting friends in new hampshire, 150 miles away from their home in massachusetts. dear child,you may well think that it is natural for a parent to be concerned for a child at so great a distance, so far out of view, and so far out of the reach of communication; where, if you should be taken with any dangerous sickness that should issue in death, you might probably be in your grave before we could hear of your danger. but yet my greatest concern is for your soul's good. though you are at so great a distance from us, yet god is everywhere. you are much out of the reach of our care, but you are every moment in his hands. we have not the comfort of seeing you, but he sees you. his eye is always upon you. and if you may but be sensibly nigh to him, and have his gracious presence, 'tis no matter though you are far distant from us. i had rather you should remain hundreds of miles distant from us and have god nigh to you by his spirit, than to have you always with us, and live at a distance from god. is that good stuff, or what? happy birthday to line upon line!it was a year ago that i started writing this weblog. i hope you've been encouraged in your faith and walk with god by some of the over 150 entries that i've posted. i will continue to publish "stuff" as i am inspired, but for the present time, i am turning my time and attention to some books i've been wanting to write, and also, to some studies of god's word that are on my heart. in the meantime, my prayer for you is that god would fill your heart and home with his awesome love and amazing grace!think on these things...matthew 6:25-34 (nlt) "so i tell you, don't worry about everyday life-whether you have enough food, drink, and clothes. doesn't life consist of more than food and clothing? look at the birds. they don't need to plant or harvest or put food in barns because your heavenly father feeds them. and you are far more valuable to him than they are. can all your worries add a single moment to your life? of course not. and why worry about your clothes? look at the lilies and how they grow. they don't work or make their clothing, yet solomon in all his glory was not dressed as beautifully as they are. and if god cares so wonderfully for flowers that are here today and gone tomorrow, won't he more surely care for you? you have so little faith! so don't worry about having enough food or drink or clothing. why be like the pagans who are so deeply concerned about these things? your heavenly father already knows all your needs, and he will give you all you need from day to day if you live for him and make the kingdom of god your primary concern. so don't worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will bring its own worries. today's trouble is enough for today.""don't just keep the faith--live it and give it away!"   rg 
// posted by thechurchguy @ 7/26/2004


thursday, july 01, 2004
who will be the first "christian idol"? 

  i found the following item from charisma news service, while going through my email early this morning. christian "american idol"-style talent show coming to tbnbest known for its televangelists, trinity broadcasting network (tbn) has announced plans for a christian version of the popular "american idol" tv show. "gifted" is scheduled to debut in october on the world's largest religious tv network. the wright entertainment group, is part of a joint venture with matt crouch, son of tbn's founders, to search for a singer with a divine voice. "god gives us so many gifts, but we reach for the one with the prettiest wrapping. in a world where mtv dictates trends and pop stars become idols, christianity seems to be wrapped in conditions and judgments. it is our goal to wrap god's message--his love--in acceptance, and in a way that blends seamlessly into 'pop' culture while still upholding the values we, as christians, value most," wright generation's mission statement reads. crouch said that "quality programming is what christian broadcasting has been waiting for desperately." the new show will be "the first time ever that a christian show would rival the quality of network broadcast production," he said. a summer bus tour to 11 tbn stations is planned, where auditions will be held for solo singers, ages 18-24. contestants will perform gospel or contemporary spiritual songs.is it just me?  now, is it just me, or does this seem like a really bad idea? dr. joseph chavez, sr., pastor of phoenix inner city church in phoenix, evidently doesn't think so. he's almost giddy at the thought, saying, "what a powerful and positive message this is sending our community of believers around the world! to have trinity broadcasting network lead the way in crossing over dynamic programming and motion pictures while creating a visible presence in a secular marketplace that has been closed for so many years is outstanding. we rejoice with tbn and wdc in this awesome collaboration."dr. chavez is rejoicing, and i am grieving. go figure. in my humble opinion, the search to find the "most gifted" singer will only encourage envy and jealousy, and who knows what other carnal things. and i imagine there will be heartbreak and tears and disappointment along the way, too, as the "rejects" are tossed aside. we can only hope they'll be let down "easy." how about: "sorry, dear sister, you're not as good as the rest.you have failed the ultimate 'gifted' test.you don't measure up, so you're out of here,but, remember, god loves you, so be of good cheer!"coincidentally...  i subscribe to a.word.a.day, an email newsletter that features a new "word" each day. today's word is "zany." zany is defined as, "amusingly strange, comical, or clownish." how apt--especially after reading about tbn's "gifted" competition. many things have been done through the years "in the name of jesus" and "for the sake of the gospel"--but this, my friend, has got to be one of the zaniest of them all! the king james version of 1 peter 2:9* might be appropriate here, "but ye are a...peculiar people." little did the apostle know just how peculiar we would become. god save the church. think on these things...   2 kings 17:13-15 (nlt) again and again the lord had sent his prophets and seers to warn both israel and judah: "turn from all your evil ways. obey my commands and laws, which are contained in the whole law that i commanded your ancestors and which i gave you through my servants the prophets." but the israelites would not listen. they were as stubborn as their ancestors and refused to believe in the lord their god. they rejected his laws and the covenant he had made with their ancestors, and they despised all his warnings. they worshiped worthless idols and became worthless themselves. they followed the example of the nations around them, disobeying the lord's command not to imitate them. 1 corinthians 3:1-4 (nlt) dear brothers and sisters, when i was with you i couldn't talk to you as i would to mature christians. i had to talk as though you belonged to this world or as though you were infants in the christian life. i had to feed you with milk and not with solid food, because you couldn't handle anything stronger. and you still aren't ready, for you are still controlled by your own sinful desires. you are jealous of one another and quarrel with each other. doesn't that prove you are controlled by your own desires? you are acting like people who don't belong to the lord. when one of you says, "i am a follower of paul," and another says, "i prefer apollos," aren't you acting like those who are not christians? philippians 2:3 (nlt) don't be selfish; don't live to make a good impression on others. be humble, thinking of others as better than yourself. *note on 1 peter 2:9: in our modern language, to be "peculiar" means: "to be odd, queer, weird, or different in a quirky sort of way." but the word, peripoiesis, translated "peculiar" in the kjv, actually means, "purchased or acquired." we are a people who have been acquired by god through the blood of jesus christ. we are his possession." easton's 1897 bible dictionary says "peculiar," as used in the phrase "peculiar people" in 1 pet. 2:9, is derived from the lat. peculium, and denotes, as rendered in the revised version ("a people for god's own possession"), a special possession or property. the church is the "property" of god, his "purchased possession" (eph. 1:14; r.v., "god's own possession"). 
// posted by thechurchguy @ 7/01/2004


sunday, june 20, 2004
"we are the champions!" 

  "we knew we could play with these guys, but we had to prove it to everybody else." chauncey billups, 2004 nba finals mvplast tuesday night at the palace of auburn hills, the detroit pistons reached the top of a mountain that few thought they could climb. defying the odds makers, and ignoring grim predictions by the "experts," the motown team stood triumphant at center court with the 2004 national basketball association championship and the gleaming, gold larry o'brien trophy in hand--this, following a decisive 100-87 victory over the los angeles lakers in game five of their best-of-seven series. the pistons-lakers matchup was a modern-day david and goliath drama, played out before the second largest tv audience to ever watch an nba final game. as it turned out, the heavily favored los angeles lakers were, as piston's owner bill davidson noted, "lucky to win one game." the giant fell--and fell hard!  as a native michigander and longtime pistons fan, i've been savoring "the thrill of victory" this past week. and when i learned of plans for a victory rally last thursday afternoon at the palace, i decided to make the 60 mile drive from port huron to auburn hills to join the celebration. 22,500 fans packed the home of the pistons, and the triumphant team once again took center court amidst the flash and flare of pyrotechnics, the thundering strains of "we are the champions," and a deafening roar of approval from the red, white, and blue-clad crowd.lessons for living  "maybe we don't have two superstars like the lakers, but we've got five stars in their own way in the starting lineup and a lot of other solid players." joe dumars, president of basketball operations, detroit pistonsthere are many stories that could be written, and life lessons that can be learned from this memorable victory: such as the triumph of teamwork over individual talent, the willingness to sacrifice one's self for a greater cause, the determination to do "whatever it takes" to get the job done, and the value of having an optimistic "keep on believing and never give up" attitude. over the past 25 years, the nba has been ruled by teams that have been carried to the top by "franchise" players: names such as jordan, johnson, bird, thomas, duncan, bryant, o'neal, robinson, and miller, have dominated the headlines. but the 2003-2004 pistons have no such names. they're just a group of hard-working guys (coach larry brown included), who overcame adversity, setbacks, and disappointments, and who never gave up the dream of winning a championship title. these hardwood warriors remind me of the band of misfits, outcasts, and malcontents who made up david's army of old (see 1 samuel 22:1,2). ben wallace was an unheralded, undrafted player from second division, virginia union university; yet, "big ben" has come to make his presence known under the boards and above the rim as the piston's starting forward. the 2004 finals most valuable player recipient, chauncey billups, entered the league in 1997, and played for boston, toronto, denver, and minnesota before landing in detroit. he never seemed to fit in those other places; but finally found a home in the motor city. eight-year veteran rasheed wallace was best known for technical fouls and his hair-trigger temper when he played for the portland trailblazers in the western conference; but he changed his ways and has become a dominant force in the piston's line-up. small forward, tayshaun prince, is only in his second year in the nba, and, well...you can ask reggie miller about tayshaun.   "are you a superstar?"  richard "rip" hamilton, the piston's 26 year old, 6' 7", 193-pound shooting guard, was the team's leading scorer in the regular season at 17.6 points per game. but, rip stepped his game up in the postseason, averaging a team-high 21.5 points per game in the playoffs. of his own performance, hamilton said, "i've always felt i could play with anyone in the league. i didn't need to do some of the things i've done in the playoffs to feel that way. that's just who i am, very confident." so, what is the source of richard hamilton's confidence?  maybe the answer can be found in rip's response to a question put to him in an interview prior to tuesday night's game. hamilton was asked, "are you a superstar?"  rip's answer came without a moment's hesitation: "yes, i am!"  now, i didn't detect that rip's answer was given with any hint of pride--but, rather, with a sense of confidence and conviction. he went on to say, that when he was 6 or 7 years old, his father began telling him, "you're a superstar." wow! did you get that? rip's father spoke words over him for the past 20 years that created an image of success inside his son. the things that rip has believed from childhood, the rest of us are seeing demonstrated on the basketball court. do you see what god sees?  do you realize that god, your heavenly father, is speaking words over you, too? if we could only see ourselves as god sees us, and say about ourselves the things that god says, it would absolutely change the way we think and live--and change the world around us, too! yet, too often we see ourselves as "old sinners," while god see us as "new creatures in christ." we see ourselves as "grasshoppers," while god see us as giant-slayers--"more than conquerors through christ who loved us and gave himself for us." are you getting this? this is not merely the power of positive thinking--this is believing in the presence and power of god in you. this is simply agreeing with the truth of god's word concerning you. the fact is, if you are in christ, you are righteous, you are holy, you are created in the image and likeness of god--and you are able to do all things through christ who strengthens you! that's what god sees--that's what god says! in the same way that piston richard hamilton took the words of his father to heart, we, too, need to start believing what our heavenly father has to say about us. when we do, we will soar to new heights and experience the victory that belongs to those who are on god's team! we are the champions!  think on these things...  ephesians 1:15-20 (nlt) ever since i first heard of your strong faith in the lord jesus and your love for christians everywhere, i have never stopped thanking god for you. i pray for you constantly, asking god, the glorious father of our lord jesus christ, to give you spiritual wisdom and understanding, so that you might grow in your knowledge of god. i pray that your hearts will be flooded with light so that you can understand the wonderful future he has promised to those he called. i want you to realize what a rich and glorious inheritance he has given to his people. i pray that you will begin to understand the incredible greatness of his power for us who believe him. this is the same mighty power that raised christ from the dead and seated him in the place of honor at god's right hand in the heavenly realms. 1 corinthians 6:9-11 (nkjv) do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of god? do not be deceived. neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the kingdom of god. and such were some of you. but you were washed, but you were sanctified, but you were justified in the name of the lord jesus and by the spirit of our god.  1 corinthians 15:57 (nkjv) but thanks be to god, who gives us the victory through our lord jesus christ.
// posted by thechurchguy @ 6/20/2004










archives

august 2003september 2003october 2003november 2003december 2003january 2004february 2004march 2004april 2004may 2004june 2004july 2004january 2005february 2005july 2005september 2008



favorites

unfulfilled expectations
love letters
how to beat the clock
good news from a far country
ants in your pants?
a closer look at "the passion"
fishers of men?
your watch: the window to your soul?
searching for the real santa claus

weblinks

email randy

subscribe to lul
thechurchguy "devoblog"
thechurchguy tv
randall gearhart ministries
support rgm




  line upon line www 





 site search
web search


powered by 
freefind










