









old mission beach athletic club - established 1954
























































 












event calendar
charities
signup for email news
store






















 




 






























you are here: home 



 
 
72nd world championship otl
july 12th, 13th
july 19th, 20th
more info


2023 world championship
over-the-line® tournament results


about
the old mission beach rats sponsored volleyball tournaments that soon needed better organization to compete for playing dates with los angeles beaches. so, in 1954, the old mission beach athletic club was born. the original membership was less than twenty and the annual dues were the same for over forty years. ombac history
ombac’s official beginning was in 1954, but its roots sprouted years before. from friendships of the late 30s, 40s, and early 50s, the spirit and attitude of ombac evolved in old mission beach. the common denominator was a strong desire for having fun!
ombac sponsored volleyball events coached youth flag football and had it’s first coming out party and over-the-line tournament. all was good until 1958 when the old mission parking lot closed, the lifeguard station moved, and members had no central meeting place. the club drifted apart until a new location was established in south mission.
in 1964, the club reorganized and a new vitality and determination were kindled. the over-the-line tournament had survived because of a few die-hards.
presently, ombac is a san diego, california-based 501(c)(4) not-for-profit organization with 440 members. ombac continues to enjoy the respect and admiration of the community. focused on serving amateur sports and youth athletics ombac enjoys unmatched leadership. if not for the dedication of its members and the unselfish gift of their time, ombac would no longer exist.
we never have any fun!







home
world championship over-the-line®
world championship junior over-the-line®
beer fest – over-the-line® tournament
ombac rugby
over-the-line® – emerson
adaptive sports
omsurf
afc half marathon
omgolf – fiesta dunes golf club
fire trucks
ombac charities
licensing
store
 













































			copyright by old mission beach athletic club			

privacy
licensing
 














 




x

 



















