






teachers warehouse – teachers warehouse
































skip to content



























 
homeaboutteachersvolunteerdonatecontactfaq








 

































thank you, supporters!
we appreciate cook group, gm bedford, great west casualty company, and networking today for conducting supply drives among their employees and members to begin this school year! their efforts helped defray the costs of restocking our shelves after the back-to-school blitz.






sponsorship opportunities
sponsorships are essential to ensure the continuation of teachers warehouse's services. if your company or organization supports the tw mission, check out your sponsorship options and benefits.







more







transparency
teachers warehouse is committed to transparency in its operations and has been awarded the gold level in recognition of transparency by guidestar, a service which provides users with free accounts access to nonprofit financial reports and and program achievement data.








more










about teachers warehouse
teachers warehouse serves the educational and creative needs of children by obtaining donated supplies and equipment from businesses and individuals and distributing them free to teachers for use in schools operating under the authority of publicly-elected school boards in brown, greene, lawrence, monroe, and owen counties, plus the metropolitan school district of martinsville.
teachers warehouse was founded by the rotary club of bloomington in 2004.

we are also supported by bloomington north rotary, bloomington sunrise rotary, bedford rotary, brown county rotary, bloomfield rotary, martinsville rotary, spencer-owen retired teachers, and greene county retired teachers.







watch video







support our cause
did you know 46% of the students served by teachers warehouse qualify for the free or reduced lunch program? we rely on your generosity to support the students in our communities. make a secure contribution to teachers warehouse today.

teachers warehouse is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization and donations are tax-deductible as charitable contributions within the limits of the internal revenue code.










 














contact













(812) 929-7522 














524 n fairview st,  bloomington, indiana 














contact@teacherswarehouse.org 











mail financial contributions to:po box 7168 bloomington, in 47407 













support teachers warehouse 










hours:






shopper & donor* hours:

monday-thursday, 3:30pm-6:00pmsaturday, 9:30am-12:30pm
*on rare occasions we may have to turn away donations if we don't have sufficient volunteers to process them.
 

2024-2025 holidays

aug. 30-31 – closed for labor day
sept. 1-2 – closed for labor day
oct. - open during fall breaks
nov. 28-30 – closed for thanksgiving
dec. 20-31– closed for christmas break
jan. 1-5 – closed for christmas break
mar. - open during spring breaks
apr. 19 – closed for easter
may 23-26 – closed for memorial day
may 29 – last regular shopping day before summer
 
weather-related policies:
1. if mccsc closes or has an e-learning day due to weather/road conditions, teachers warehouse will be closed.
2. on saturdays, if there is a weather-related travel advisory in monroe county, teachers warehouse will be closed.












connect with us













facebook 












© 2025 teachers warehouse, all rights reserved









 










