








boston overnight b&b rooms | metro boston vacation rentals





















































skip to content








bed and breakfast associates bay colony 

monthly rentals website 














  


search for:








homeaccommodationsbed & breakfast roomsvacation rentalsmonthly rentals websitepoliciesabout bostoninquiry + reservation 


search for:








homeaccommodationsbed & breakfast roomsvacation rentalsmonthly rentals websitepoliciesabout bostoninquiry + reservationhomeaccommodationsbed & breakfast roomsvacation rentalsmonthly rentals websitepoliciesabout bostoninquiry + reservation 










 





 


 


 


 





 




welcomechristine gustafson2024-07-19t22:37:55-07:00

metro boston overnight accommodations ~ rooms & vacation rentalsmetro boston is a dynamic blend of historic charm and modern innovation, featuring a rich cultural landscape that includes world-renowned universities, cutting-edge medical institutions, and a thriving tech industry. the area’s historical significance is evident in its colonial architecture, museums, and landmarks such as the freedom trail. with diverse neighborhoods, vibrant arts and dining scenes, and extensive public transportation options, metro boston offers a unique mix of old and new, making it a bustling hub for residents and visitors alike.
explore our boston properties: furnished rooms and vacation rentals and make your reservation request online today. whether you are in boston for a family visit, a vacation, or perhaps an extended stay for business or medical reasons, our knowledgeable team is ready to assist with you with finding the right boston accommodation to meet your specific needs.

“we got excellent service. we would use the agency again.” ~ larry

“you were helpful, friendly, and efficient … the service of your agency is rated really high.” ~ nikki

“we were very happy with your recommendations and cheerful service!” ~ jaime

“we were more than satisfied with the very courteous and helpful service.” ~ jennifer & dean

“i’m so glad i chose your agency to help me with this stay in boston!!” ~ cindy
about bed and breakfast associates bay colony
we are a small, local and reputable business, representing accommodations in metro boston since 1981; and providing you with assurance that your rental is legitimate, clean, well maintained, meets safety standards and is in a desirable location. 
there are no large service fees – just a $35 booking fee, and we offer credit card processing. we are not just a web portal but real people who love to talk to you and welcome your calls.  our team has detailed knowledge of each accommodation.
there is comfort in knowing that we manage and work closely with each property owner to ensure the highest standards.
our accommodations include:

nightly furnished bed and breakfast rooms.
vacation rental studios, apartments, and a firehouse!

×meet marie kemmler, owneri am a native bostonian who has traveled and lived in several parts of the us and abroad, including two years as a volunteer in the peace corp working in micro-enterprise. i love domestic and international travel, including visiting remote areas and developing countries where i can meet with locals and experience their lifestyles and customs. you can also find me at the theater, classical music performances, playing tennis and pickleball, reading adventure and intrigue books, or watching movies. i enjoy talking with other travelers and helping them find their ideal accommodations. it gives me great joy when i hear about their wonderful experiences at our properties.closemeet marie kemmler, owneroffering overnight stays: vacation rentals and thoughtfully appointed rooms from bed and breakfast associates bay colony.




 
 





 bed and breakfast associates bay colony
453 beacon street
boston ma 02115
781-455-6746
bnb@bnbboston.com
https://bnbboston.com

 

 where are your overnight accommodations?
the metro boston region includes charlestown, north end, south end, back bay and kenmore / fenway, as well as brookline, cambridge, and west and north of boston.

 

 quick links
inquiry + reservation form
accessibility statement
site map

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2024  |  elegant website design: innlight marketing  |  dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link















go to top






