



foreign stamps, topical stamps, complete mint sets, custom stamp collector






















providing worldwide stamps for collectors since 1965









if you're a serious collector of qualitymint & used stamps, here's why youmust try our approval service:


















see beforeyou buy
examine the stamps you like "on-approval"... before you pay! no more "handling charges", disappointments, or "sold out" notices.


convenient &practical
you'll receive generous shipments to examine in the privacy of your own home.... and up to 30 days to select and pay for what you want. all major credit cards accepted & postage paid both ways!


unlimitedchoices
pick the countries & topics you like - no standardized selections - every selection is unique - individually prepared just for you!


lowdiscountedprices
liberal discounts from catalog - you'll enjoy our "collector friendly" discounted prices & also qualify for additional cash discounts of up to 15% on every purchase! 


personalizedservice
worldwide stamps on approval has been a continental specialty since 1965. you'll receive truly personalized attention and discover why so many of our customers stay with us for years!










our approvals...
think all approval services are the same? we've got a surprise for you! we'll pay you to try ours...





get started!

request acustom selectionnow








look at the stamps we can send to your home...




our stamps...
complete mint sets...to a stamp collector one picture is worth much more than a thousand words! the group of mint stamps...





topical stamps...
if you're a topical stamps collector, look no further! our custom approval service will bring selection after selection of all your favorites...







british empire...
always a favorite with collectors, we have a huge stock of topicals from the british empire & former colonies. the british royal...





used older classics...
there is a huge and growing demand among collectors for nice used examples of stamps from the "classic" era...







are your favorite topicals here?
we have a large stock of all major topical stamps. we'll send you selections of complete mint sets of all your favorite...





about us...
when we sent out our first approval selections over 50 years ago, our primary goal was to provide our...















distinctive approvals for the discriminating collector™
 




 
 



 





 






home
our approval service
about us
our stamps
request custom selection
contact us

links sitemap terms of use
©2025	continental philatelics, inc. | custom website design by c perry and company
 
 


 





 
 


 


 home
 our approval service
 about us
 our stamps
 request custom selection
 contact us

 




 

