







italian vs latin – core similarities and differences | writeliff






















































































 

 



+1 (307) 218-4055info@writeliff.com 

menumenu



write for usget a translation 















toggle navigation





menumenu



services





standard translationcertified translationwebsite translation 


mt post-editingtranscreationsubtitling 


localizationtranscriptioncontent writing 
 

industries





automotivee-commerceeducationelearningfinance 


governmenthealthcareit & softwarelegallife sciences 


manufacturingmarketingmedia & publishingmobile appsoil & gas 
 

languages

arabicchinesefrenchgermanitalianrussianspanishturkishall languages
company

about usget in touchget a quotejoin our teamfaq
blog 


















italian vs latin – core similarities and differences



        last updated on 5 august 2023      
hassan khattab
cultural translation, italian, languages








 



latin is the mother tongue of the romance languages. that means italian is descended from latin.



similarities between italian and latindifferences between italian and latinitalian dialects
romance languages are also similar to each other. this is because they all came from the same source: latin. however, italian is also unique in many ways.
in this article, we’ll explore the similarities and differences between italian and latin. we’ll also look at how italian has been influenced by other languages over the centuries.
similarities between italian and latin
italian is closely related to latin. in fact, many words in italian are similar to latin words. for example, the italian translation of the word “hand” is manus, which is very similar to the latin word “mano”.
some other examples of similar words between italian and latin include:

land (italian terra, latin terra)
war (italian guerra, latin guerra)
book (italian libro, latin liber)
fire (italian fuoco, latin focus)
door (italian porta, latin porta)
river (italian fiume, latin flumen)
head (italian capo, latin caput)
fruit (italian frutto, latin fructus)
city (italian città, latin civitas)

differences between italian and latin
it might not be very accurate to think that the italian language is very close to latin.
italian has changed drastically over the course of 15 or 16 centuries since it took off among the various dialects that emerged around the city of rome.
but it does share many cognates with latin, and indeed the whole thing is based on the same ancestral roots.
most notably, it still retains the distinction between “short and long vowels,” something that most other romance languages no longer have.
italian also still maintains many translational quirks from latin, such as the word “bene” meaning “well” rather than “good” or “rightly.”
it is hard to know where italian ends and latin begins. italian was born out of the amalgamation of vulgar latin and latin, and consequently, it shares a lot more in common with latin than it does with the other romance languages. however, italian doesn’t really resemble latin outside of basic grammar and vocabulary.
italian dialects
italy is a country with a rich history and culture. it’s also a country with a lot of regional diversity. this is reflected in the many different dialects of italian that are spoken throughout the country. if you’re planning a trip to italy, it’s helpful to know a few of the most common dialects you might encounter. below is a brief overview of five of the most common italian dialects.

neapolitan – variants of this dialect are spoken across much of southern italy. because of a one-time spanish influence, there are lots of spanish loan words in english that might be familiar to some travelers.
sicilian – this is spoken, among various dialects, on the island of sardinia. there’s also a variant called “ciaccio” in southern calabria.
friulian – this italian variant is spoken in friuli in northeastern italy.
algherese (alguerese) – it is a catalan variant spoken in the city of alghero
sardinian – this dialect is spoken across most of central and southern sardinia.



italian language italian translation service italian vs. latin italian-latin similarities 

 


author: hassan khattab


          as an expert translator and technical writer, my professional journey has spanned a multitude of domains, each enriching my skills and passion for linguistics. in my current role as founder and ceo of writeliff, i channel my expertise and enthusiasm into leading a dynamic team dedicated to delivering exceptional translation and localization services.        


 






 


inside this article


 
similarities between italian and latindifferences between italian and latinitalian dialects

 







leave a replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *name * 
email * 
comment *  

 









company
terms of service
refund policy
privacy
blog
faq
 



 writeliff is a professional translation company offering standard and certified translation services online in over 120 languages. we provide a wide range of business and document translation services. combining high quality, quick turnaround, and affordable prices, our business translations are trusted by high-profile clients in the us and worldwide.

     

 

what we docertified translation
website translation
transcreation
subtitling
localization
transcription
content writing
 

get in touch

writeliff llc - 30 n gould st, ste r, sheridan, wy 82801
info@writeliff.com
+1 (307) 218-4055
 



 











locations
atlanta | bahrain | boston | chicago | dallas | denver | egypt | houston | kuwait | london | los angeles | manchester | melbourne | miami | nyc | ottawa | philadelphia | riyadh | san diego | san francisco | seattle | sydney | toronto | uae | washington dc
 © copyright 2024 writeliff llc. all rights reserved. 










give us a call or drop by anytime, we endeavour to answer all enquiries within 24 hours on business days.


+1 (307) 218-4055



info@writeliff.com


 




×








by continuing to use this website you agree with our use of cookies. more info.


close gdpr cookie banner





accept

close gdpr cookie banner



 
































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











