








































































mt. healthy city schools








skip to contentstaff directoryenrollmentcalendarsearch sitemt. healthy city schoolshome of the fighting owlsstaff directoryenrollmentcalendarsearch siteexploreexploreschoolstranslateexploreschoolstranslatewhere can i find? show submenu for where can i find?where can i find?24-25 academic calendar24-25 dress code24-25 first day of school by building24-25 open house by building24-25 start/end time by buildingschool tip linecurrent rfqsfacilities rental informationmedication release form for parentspayschools central linkwelcome to mt. healthy csd show submenu for welcome to mt. healthy csdwelcome to mt. healthy csdboard of educationsuperintendent's officeeducation destinationdistrict overviewnews and announcementsweb site accessibilityparents show submenu for parentsparentswelcome centerenrollmentparent resourcesattendancepayschools centralspecial educationstudents show submenu for studentsstudentsstudent resourcesmental health emergencyfood menututor me access and informationonline library resourcescommunity show submenu for communitycommunitybusiness & church partnershipswellness committeecommunity resourceshousing, health, and other  community resources (mckinney vento)mt. healthy owls alumnidepartments show submenu for departmentsdepartmentsathleticsbusinesscommunicationsfood servicehealth serviceshuman resourcesperformance and accountabilitysafety and securitystudent servicesteaching & learningtechnologytransportationtreasurerpublic records requestspublic records requestsfederal programsfederal programsmore show submenu for skip galleryend of gallerydonateacademicsabrehr/employmentfood menusathleticsequity & inclusionspecial servicesinnovative practicesfind usmt. healthy city schools7615 harrison avecincinnati, ohio 45231p. 513-729-0077f. 513-619-1797schoolscommunity connectionsstay connectedour mission is to provide an equitable education and a safe haven where everyone is valued and respected. our goal, in partnership with families and the community, and not limited to just the classroom, is to prepare all students to become lifelong learners and responsible citizens ready to meet the challenges of the future.copyright © 2025 mt. healthy city schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more


