



  



































































sunfare - personalized, healthy meals made fresh and delivered daily














home
programs

signature diet
fat burn diet
fat burn kosher diet
intermittent fasting diet
fit fuel
family dinners


how it works
about sunfare

company
press
testimonials
charities
faq




sign up
contact

contact
apply

login
1.866.786.3273
















learn more

































/








welcome to sunfare!
we prepare and deliver delicious, diet-focused meals to help you lose weight, eat right, and lead a healthy lifestyle.



pick the meal program that’s right for you;call us if you have questions!



our chefs will make your meals fresh daily,using the finest ingredients.



we’ll deliver your meals ready-to-eat,and tailored to your tastes and needs.





















pick a program. get results.
whatever your goals, the road to success starts with what, when, and how you eat.





signature diet
::: most popular :::
as our most popular offering, the signature line of meals is all about customization.  it’s a 30/40/30 program, meaning each meal and snack contains 30% protein, 40% carbs, and 30% fat. 
recommended for:weight losshealth benefitspicky eatersunlimited dislikesgreat variety
menu & pricessign up



fat burn diet
::: lose weight quickly :::
a program that lives up to its name with fast, reliable weight loss by using an “intermittent fasting” approach that will help you shed the pounds quickly but also preserve lean muscle mass.
recommended for:weight lossfat reductionfast resultsa committed mindsetself-disciplined eaters
menu & pricessign up



intermittent fasting diet
::: 8 hour eating window :::
a program that supports the “intermittent fasting” approach to eating, which means only eating within the same designated eight hour time frame each day, then letting your body digest and recover.
recommended for:weight losslow calorieshigh customizationhealth benefitsconvenient eating
menu & pricessign up



fit fuel
::: eating for active lifestyles :::
whether you’re working hard or playing hard, this program provides up to three squares daily of healthy, high-end fuel to get you through your day-to-day.  perfect for anyone who leads an active lifestyle!
recommended for:every day nutritiona lower price pointno dietary restrictionshealthy ingredientsconvenient eating
menu & pricessign-up



family dinners
::: healthy, family-friendly meals :::
a family-oriented, dinners-only program that serves two to five people.  each meal includes a delicious main entree and up to two customizable side dishes, making dinner time easier and tastier than ever!
recommended for:familiesbusy lifestylesgreat varietyeasy dinner prepsaving time
menu & pricessign up













in the press





























































customer testimonials



both the food and your customer service are excellent in every way, and i just wanted to express how happy i am with your company. wishing you all the best!

                                        jeff r.
                                    






sunfare's delicious meals have helped me lose 30 pounds - from a plus-size to a size 8 in six-and-a-half months! thanks for the great food!

                                        heidi r.
                                    






i am down about 45 lbs.  - did all the right things this time, and the cleanse right in the middle of it really gave me a big boost. the meals are awesome, there are almost no dishes i don’t like, real clean stuff!

                                        joe r.
                                    






i just lost my 50th pound* yesterday! in only 4 months, sunfare has helped me completely change the way i look and feel. the meals are delicious, healthy and never leave me feeling hungry. everything is tailored exactly to my likes and dislikes and i get all the variety i need. i look at food so much differently now. i have so much more energy and i love seeing the scale show a lower number every time i get on it. sunfare is, by far, the best thing i have ever done for myself!

                                        jade m.
                                    






sunfare has changed my life (and my husband's too)! the food is amazing and so well prepared. the service is impeccable. it makes us so excited to come home after a long day of work because we know we have sunfare waiting for us. it is convenient, easy to serve, yummy and totally worth it. my counselor is great and very responsive. i recommend sunfare to everyone i know. thank you sunfare!

                                        jennifer l.
                                    






i absolutely love sunfare. i feel amazing. my blood sugar levels have never felt so steady on a 'diet' before. i have already lost 10 pounds*, without ever feeling light headed or shaky. the food is delicious and it is so convenient. i have no complaints!

                                        jennifer b.
                                    




see all testimonials













sitefinity asp.net cms








about sunfare
sunfare prepares personalized healthy meals and delivers them right to your front door. no matter what you want to achieve, from losing weight and getting healthy to simply enjoying the convenience of having delicious food delivered to your doorstep, we can help. our dynamic system of gourmet meal preparation, highly personalized service, and daily home delivery will enable you to fulfill your health and/or lifestyle goals. we offer a range of gourmet meal programs to fit the nutritional needs of our clients. we’ve created hundreds of high-end meals for each of these programs, carefully prepared and made fresh from the finest ingredients. we consider it our privilege to serve you!*individual results may vary






























sunfare meal plans & benefits


signature diet
fat burn diet
intermittent fasting diet
optimal cleanse
fit fuel
family dinners
weight loss
daily home delivery
improved health
convenience
gourmet cuisine












home|how it works|sign up today|meal programs|about sunfare|contact
|privacy|accessibility policy | client login



                        © 2015 sunfare, llc. | all rights reserved.
















