

























home page - nottelmann music company st. louis instruments & music rentals


















































































rental
products
lessons
repair
about us
staff
music educators corner
contact
 














rental










products









lessons












repair
















blog












webinars














technology


































music ed corner

technology
clinician services
nottelmann blog
npd webinars


about us
meet the staff
 contact us






 
product page banner may 22see our productsnpd-banner-slidersee npd webinarssee npd webinarshomepage main 2025 


















welcome to nottelmann music









nottelmann music company has been providing quality products with exceptional customer service to the st. louis region since 1953. we offer a wide range of services to our customers, from sales and rentals, to repair and instructional lessons. rent online, explore product brands and models. don't miss our music ed corner - npd webinars, the nottelmann blog, music ed technology, and nottelmann expert clinicians for your music program.

































2025 mmea award






nottelmann music - the 2025 recipient of the missouri music educators association award
the russell & dorothy chambers outstanding contributor award.


































rentals
find out more about our rental program

find out more









products
find out about the quality brands that we have available

find out more









lessons
find out more about our lesson program

find out more









repairs
find out more about our repair services

find out more









discover our quality products








woodwinds

oboes & bassoonssaxophonesclarinetsflutes & piccolos 



brass

baritonesfrench hornstrombonestrumpets 



band percussion

concert percussionstudent percussionmarching percussion 



strings

string bassescellosviolinsviolas 



combos

guitaramps and electronicskeyboardsdrums 








visit one of the nottelmann stores
find a store



nottelmann music company has been providing quality products with exceptional customer service to the st. louis region since 1953. we offer a wide range of services to our customers, from sales and rentals, to repair and instructional lessons.















































joshua post -"friendly, knowledgeable staff, good selection of equipment and music and lessons have been wonderful." 

john naylor -
"great people. this is your down-home music shop. #highly_recommend"


julie gauch -
"very friendly and helpful. very knowledgeable staff."


steven schmidt -
"i got my 1st musical instrument there 60 years ago. i still have it to this day. i took private lessons at their lemay location a long time ago."


dave wise -
"great local music repair and supply store in lemay. good for band instruments."


chuck holt -
"the best music stores in st. louis. well-stocked and a knowledgeable staff. great repair service and the techs are all good musicians."


brian whitman -
"friendly, professional, knowledgeable. what more could you want? definitely recommend."


james d -
"marty was great. he answered all of my questions and gave really great advice for keeping my new guitar in tip top condition. highly recommend this place."


austin becker -
"been a customer for years. will continue to be a customer for years to come"


matthew jansen -
"if you live in this area, it’s a no brainer!"


dion -
"took care of us right away, and did repairs while we waited. even better, the repairman came out and made a few suggestions on some necessary maintenance that we missed. great service with a smile."


















sign up for the nottelmann newsletter





"*" indicates required fields


name*


first



last

email*

city* school interest*i am a *teacherstudentotherphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 sign up 

















home
our products
rent an instrument
music lessons
instrument repairs
technology
about us
contact us
south county
1590 lemay ferry rd.
st. louis, mo 63125
ph: 314-631-1486
monday - thursday: 9:00am - 9:00pm
friday: 9:00am - 5:00pm
saturday: 9:00am - 5:00pm
sunday: closed
arnold
714 jeffco blvd.
arnold, mo 63010
ph: 636-296-3780
monday - thursday: 11:00am - 9:00pm
friday: 11:00am - 5:00pm
saturday: 9:00am - 5:00pm
sunday: closed
 




copyright 2019 | nottelmann music co. | terms & conditions


st louis web design support











































