


home




















































				home
			



				our program
			



				calendar
			



				contact us
			





















 
about us
thursday's child is an early intervention program serving the needs of children diagnosed with autism.  we utilize the principles of applied behavior analysis (aba) and discrete trial learning in an intensive, individualized, instructional setting.  incidental teaching and observational learning are an additional component used to foster a child's learning and facilitate generalization of learned skills.  sensory needs are addressed using sensory integration techniques which are implemented by all clinical staff.  an additional component to enhance socialization skills is available through daily interaction with typically developing peers in a daycare classroom at the center.  thursday's child is approved by new york state and has been contracted by new york city to provide early intervention services in brooklyn, manhattan, queens and staten island.
 




the early intervention program
the early intervention program (eip) is a public program for children less than 3 years of age with special needs.  children with diagnosed conditions that lead to developmental delays (such as down syndrome, cerebral palsy, autism, etc.) are eligible for the eip.  children with no diagnosis who have delays in development may be eligible for the eip, if their delays are serious enough.  if your child is found to be eligible for services by someone approved to perform this evaluation, you, new york city early intervention staff, and other team members will make a plan to help your child...and your family.  the services defined on this plan, and authorized by new york city early intervention, are provided at no cost to the family.  early intervention will arrange for the services to be provided and will choose the provider based on the needs of your child and family.  your child's health insurance may be used to cover some of the costs.  all other costs for eip services are paid for by new york city and new york state.  although early intervention services are provided where it's best for the child (home, daycare, or other community setting), eip does not pay for daycare services or other fees charged by community settings. 






directors
jeanne ward, ms ed, bcba, lbaexecutive directorlaura parcell, ms ed.educational directoramanda mullaney ms ed.program directordavid parcelldirector of operations

 
contact early intervention
if you live in new york city, and have a child under 3 years of age, and are concerned about his or her development, please call 311 and ask for early intervention.  someone else may help you make the referral to the early intervention program, if you wish. 
 















 

 



web hosting by ipage











