




moonlight fund






























menu
close




moonlight fund


















 




october 21, 2023

in-kind goods and services


the moonlight fund has several partners in the medical and retail world that are able to contribute some of their services and goods for this amazing program. this allows the moonlight fund to distribute a variety of home medication goods, appliances, household goods, and clothing to those who need it the most. the moonlight fund also hosts a “ladies day” at the wounded warriors & family assistance center on fort sam to provide some ore support to those in need.
in addition, this fund has been able to furnish several homes for individuals and families who have lost everything due to a fire and for those who need to relocate to a new area in order to be closer to the medical care they need. to those who qualify through the fund, rehabilitation, psychiatric, and medical services are provided pro-bono to help keep some of the costs for these victims as low as possible.
support groups for burn survivors
the moonlight fund understands that the road to recovery for burn survivors can be long and hard. that is why they host a social for burn survivors to join every month. this social is at a wonderful venue that has a full kitchen, two pools, and a pool table available. attendees can come on their own or bring any family member that they would like. in addition to this monthly social, the moonlight fund also hosts dinners, special events, movies, and bowling to help with some of the social aspects for these survivors.
patient rehab and aftercare
there is a lot that goes into the care and rehab for a burn survivor and the costs can often get expensive, whether the victim and their family have insurance or not. the burn survivor will not be able to make it all the way through and regain their mobility without some of these services, but many families are uncertain what to do when the bills do come in.
the moonlight fund is able to offer ongoing rehabilitative care for all members, at no cost (partially due to generous funding by various financial institutions, such as dominion asset protection and iht). many of those who are served by the fund are not able to use their insurance, either because they do not have insurance or the insurance is not enough to cover it. this fund will also provide physical and occupational rehab therapies at no cost to those they serve.
other services like burn compression garments, wound care supplies, and counseling are also available through this fund. in many cases, if it is something that the burn survivor and their family needs to improve quality of life, then the moonlight fund will work to make it happen.
donating to the moonlight fund for burn victims
the moonlight fund for burn victims is always looking for donations of money or volunteers to help them reach their mission. some of the treatments and therapies for burn victims can get quite expensive and providing support, lodging, and food for the caregiver can add up as well. the retreat is a popular option for many of the victims of burns and their families, but there are funds necessary to make that happen. you can visit their website if you would like to donate and become a part of this amazing group.





 




october 15, 2023

providing support to the caregivers of burn victims


while the burn victim will need a good deal of support and care during this time as they undergo treatment and surgery, it is common for the caregivers of these victims to find themselves without some of the emotional support they need. it can be difficult for parents, spouses, and other family members to handle the trauma of seeing their loved one in a burn unit and they need additional support to make it through.
in addition to needing some emotional support to help them during this time, many caregivers will need help with things like food, clothing, and travel to be there with their loved one. the moonlight fund for burn victims can provide all of the above services and more to caregivers of burn victims.
many times, members of the moonlight fund will encourage the caregiver to take a step away and get out into the light. this can be one of the most difficult steps for caregivers, but when they are able to spend at least a little bit of time away from the burn unit during this situation, it can help improve their health. something as simple as a walk outside, a luncheon, or a massage with the moonlight fund staff can be beneficial. and in 2017, the moonlight fund even introduced a new caregivers retreat program.
the moonlight fund retreat
while there are a number of ways that the moonlight fund is able to help burn victims and their families, one of the things that they organize that has been a big hit is the moonlight fund retreat. this program was started in 2007, thanks to a request of one of the leading caseworkers at the bamc burn unit.
at the time, the founders of the moonlight fund knew that they needed to come up with a retreat that would provide activities appropriate for burn victims as well as a chance for the attendees, as well as their families, to not only heal, but also to mingle with those who were going through the same thing at that time.
as a burn victim, it can feel very lonely. few understand what is going on or are going through the same kind of experience. the idea of the retreat was to show some of the burn victims that they were not alone and to give them some support as they make it through this difficult time.
the moonlight fund chose texas hill country for their retreat because they enjoyed some of the peace and quiet that this area afforded. when attendees arrive at the camp, there are set schedules to keep everything on time, but individuals can choose the activities that they are excited about trying or the ones that are most beneficial to their situation.
while the moonlight fund for burn victims has worked hard to develop a lot of different programs and levels of care for burn victims, many agree that it is the retreats that tend to offer the best healing for all burn survivors and their families.
for families who are working with the moonlight fund and would like to see whether the retreat is a good idea for them, there is a film called “present day” which will show more about what happens at the retreats, including some interviews and testimonials from those who have been able to attend.





 




october 9, 2023

overview of the moonlight fund


when an individual is a victim of a burn accident, it can be a challenging time for everyone. they are in a lot of pain and need to undergo surgery, extensive treatment, and therapy to hopefully regain some of the mobility and standard of living that they did in the past. it is not only difficult for them, but also for their parents, spouse, or other loved one who has to watch all of this and try to be there as a good support.
the united states does not provide much relief for victims of burns and their families. many are on their own when it comes to finding the funds they need for medical treatment or even for the caregiver to stay with the victim for that time. this can present unnecessary hardships for the whole family after the accident.
this is where the moonlight fund can help out everyone associated with this issue. they provide the necessary funds and support that burn victims and their families need during this trying time. there are a number of different programs available for caregivers and victims alike, giving them the support they need while ensuring that they can focus more on their healing as well. let’s take a closer look at the moonlight fund and see all of the amazing things this organization has done.
what is the moonlight fund?
the moonlight fund is an organization that has been providing both patient and family assistance to burn victims since 199. they provide a lot of different services depending on what the patient and their family may need at the time including:

emergency services like lodging, airfare and meals
emotional and financial assistance to help with anything related to wound care
counseling to help the patient and family deal with the cause of the burns and how to heal after it
housing during treatment
emotional support that can begin in the medical unit and helps guide them all the way through recovery.

dealing with serious burns can be life changing and the patient may not be able to regain some of their mobility or complete tasks the way that they did in the past. for severe burns, it is possible that surgery, physical therapy, and more will need to happen along the way. the moonlight fund provides the financing and support that patients and their families need during this difficult time.













© 2025 moonlight fund. all rights reserved.
theme by anders norén.




