











cattlemen's steakhouse































×

quick equipment search





search



equipment fliter












1. select category

select category
articulated 4wd tractorsattachments for hayatvs & gatorsbox drillscombinescompact utility tractorscorn and row crop headersdisksfarm tractor mounted snow blowershay mergerslawn & garden tractorsmiscellaneous tractor attachmentsmower conditionersmowers for lawn & garden tractorspackersplanters: integralrakesrippersrow crop tractorsself-propelled forage harvestersself-propelled sprayersshredderssnow blowers for lawn & garden tractorsstrip tillerstelehandlerstires & trackstrack tractorsutility tractorswheels, tires, and otherwindrowerszero-turn mowers 

2. select manufacturer

select manufacturer




price range




year range




hours filter









filter


























located inhistoric stockyards city.
































                                        menus
                                    

breakfast
breakfast
lunch
lunch
dinner
dinner

beer menu
beer menu
wine menu
wine menu
liquor menu
liquor menu

steak ordering guide
call to order



awards & mentions


history


locate us


gallery


gift cards


banquets


careers










                  cattlemen's steakhouse - oklahoma city       who's talking about us?   banquet bookings   career's at cattlemens          100 years of service           our history a smoke-filled room and a lucky roll of the dice were all it took to move a little diner from cowtown obscurity to annals of western folklore. today, cattlemen's is known not only for its unique history, but mainly for its terrific food - perfectly aged steaks, legendary breakfasts, and the best cup of coffee that seattle couldn't touch. so stop by cattlemen's steakhouse, smack in the middle of oklahoma city's stockyards city, and soak in the rich atmosphere that has made us a favorite destination of anyone who's pulled on a pair of ropers! learn more          why not have a beer with your meal!          almost since statehood, cattlemen's cafe has opened its doors to hungry cowboys, ranchers and cattle haulers. cattlemen's flourished, and as one of the few places that stayed open after sundown became know for its "colorful" clientele and home-brewed beverages throughout proibition. in fact, cattlemen's double deuce brand beer of today is a throwback to the prohibition days, when handcrafted was the only option. double deuce beer ismade for us by another oklahoma pioneer family from krebs. today krebs brewing, began at pete's place by the prichard family. it now proudly brews beers for world wide enjoyment under the praire artisan ales brand! in 1945, cattlemen's was owned by hank fry, a gambler of sorts. late one night in a smoke-filled room at the old biltmore hotel in downtown oklahoma city, fry was running out of luck and money. in an act of desperation, fry wagered cattlemen's steakhouse against the life savings of gene wade that he could roll a "hard six" (two 3's). with that one roll of hte dice, gene wade becase a restauranteur! the "33" brand still hands on the west wall of cattlemen's hereford room as a symbol of wade's good fortune. today, cattlemen's continues to improve with age, and has become an oklahoma city landmark. cattlemen's flavorful steaks and colorful history continue to draw new fans from movie stars to rodeo greats to presidents.     









contact us


 1309 s. agnew oklahoma city, oklahoma 73108


 405-236-0416


 info@cattlemensrestaurant.com


 blog





hours


            sunday - thursday
          

            6 am - 10 pm
          

            friday & saturday
          

            6 am - 11 pm
          



terms & conditions
privacy policy







































