











































idb | inter american development bank















        skip to main content
      








englishespañolportuguêsfrançais






















main navigation






strategy 



                    about the idb
                  





                    institutional strategy
                  





                    topics
                  




structure



                    how we are organized
                  





                    country offices
                  




transparency



                    access to information
                  





                    file a complaint
                  





                    public consultation
                  




accountability



                    measuring results
                  





                    independent evaluation
                  





                    accountability mechanism
                  














stakeholders



                    public sector
                  





                    private sector
                  





                    entrepreneurs
                  





                    strategic partners and donors
                  





                    civil society
                  




job opportunities



                    professionals
                  





                    students and recent graduates
                  




procurement opportunities



                    vendors
                  
















                    publications
                  





                    data
                  





                    research
                  








                    blogs
                  





                    courses
                  





                    code
                  








                    about bidacademy
                  





                    creativity and culture
                  














investors


news











inter american development bank 

































            making an impact in the bahamas
          

watch and learn how the country is charting a more resilient and prosperous future, from managing disaster risks to strengthening small businesses.


              watch our video
            




















            increasing scale and impact in central america
          

central america, panama and the dominican republic outperformed the average growth of the wider region last year, and we are building the momentum for more integration and competitiveness.


              read more
            




















            annual meetings in chile
          

the idb and idb invest will hold the 2025 annual meetings of their boards of governors in chile on march 26-30.


              read more
            




















            the fast track for urban mobility
          

learn about successful reforms to transportation in the cities of latin america and the caribbean and how they put people first.


              learn more
            











we are transforming for greater impact and scale
















idbstrategy+
                                  


a roadmap for comprehensive reforms and measurable objectives, designed to achieve a new level of development results and reach

















idbinvest+
                                  


a new, industry-leading business model and a fresh injection of capital to enable greater development gains through the private sector

















idblab+
                                  


a more scalable and catalytic business model and new funds to amplify development impact through entrepreneurial innovation and technology





learn more




we are the region’s partner of choice for long-term financing and knowledge-based solutions for social, economic and institutional development. we are also the region’s bridge to the world.
to deliver greater impact, we’re sharpening our focus on three core objectives:

















reducing poverty and inequality
                                  


we are devoted to eradicating extreme poverty and maximizing our investments in human capital – from education to food security and health to gender equality.

















addressing climate change
                                  


we are dedicated to combating climate change, including by safeguarding the amazon, curbing emissions and preserving biodiversity, while strengthening adaptation.

















bolstering sustainable growth
                                  


we are committed to increasing the region’s real gdp per capita by promoting sustainable, inclusive physical and digital infrastructure and integration.




























                  topics
                





















                  projects
                





















                  mdbs working as a system
                





















                  the idb and japan 
                

(in japanese)














research and development


macroeconomics



peril and promise | idb flagship report: development in the americas
              



session dates
mar. 03 to mar. 03 2025


time
11:00 am - 12:30 pm (america/new_york)








annual meetings of the boards of governors of the idb and idb invest
              



session dates
mar. 26 to mar. 30 2025


time
09:00 am - 05:00 pm (america/new_york)








ppp américas 2025: the most prominent event on public-private partnerships in latin america and the caribbean
              



session dates
apr. 08 to apr. 09 2025


time
09:00 am - 06:00 pm (america/new_york)

















            more events
          

            recorded events
          
















                  knowledge
                

explore the research and build the skills for improving lives.






                  vendors
                

projects come to life through goods, works and consulting services.






                  work with us
                

apply your passion in an inclusive and rewarding environment.






                  access to information
                

effective development is transparent development.














            join our community!
        


            subscribe
                          


















news


events


jobs


contact


transparency and accountability


file a complaint


request information


terms, conditions and privacy notices


extranet








        jump back to top
      







