











feed store, tack, supplies, saddle shop, apparel - uxbridge, ma



























































510 west hartford avenueuxbridge, ma 01569
phone: (508) 278-7563
hours:  tues - fri - 9am - 5pmsat - 9am - 4pm | sun - 9am - 1pmmon - gone riding!





















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











 



























 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 












riding apparel & tack • horse & poultry supplies • fencing supplies • shavings • hay • pet food • bird seed & supplies • feed for horses, goats, sheep, pigs, turkeys, rabbits, cows, alpaca & llama








family owned, relaxed home-town atmosphere, smiling faces, and wagging tails make the mane place a great place to shop! we (paul and linda) started the shop in october of 1988 with just a couple of saddles and a handful of boots.
the mane place still offers english and western tack and apparel, horse supplies, gifts and jewelry. our latest addition is high quality dog and cat food and supplies!
we are very happy to be back in business! we are the same group of people that you have come to know over past years. our special connections with so many of you make it our pleasure to open the doors six days a week.
read more about us


feed store
we offer all kinds of feed. offerings include horse, chicken, rabbit, turkey, llama, goat and sheep.
ingredients such as corn, oats, and beet pulp are also available.


tack & supplies
we have a great selection of horse supplies, english & western tack, supplements and barn supplies.
 




pet store
the mane place offers a variety of food, treats, toys, coats, shampoo & supplements for your pets.


apparel 
our apparel includes riding gear, casual wear, gloves & barn boots.




saddle shop
the mane place carries the following brands of saddles: tucker saddlery, circle y saddles, high horse & wintec.
we also offer a selection of used saddles.


poultry
we have what you need for your feathered friends!
feed them the best and it will make a difference!
*seasonal-special orders welcome

 








 

 






what's newat the mane place

just some of the brands we carry

















copyright ©

the mane place510 west hartford avenue, uxbridge, ma 01569
serving central massachusetts - including these communities: auburn blackstone douglas dudley graftonmendon milford millbury northbridge oxford shrewsbury uxbridge webster whitinsvilleharrisville ri slatersville ri woonsocket ri

home | about us | our family | what's new | feed store | poultry | pet store | saddle shop | tack & supplies | apparel | contact us | favorite links

cambec website design






top



