
















celtic music | celtic culture | milwaukee irish fest


























skip to content



celticmke milwaukee irish fest irish fest scrapbook school of music summer school ward irish music archives








celticmke websites

























 lineupview lineupview scheduletickets experiencefood & drinkculturefamilyshoppingmassvip areastravel ireland infohoursgetting heremaphotelsfaq'sguest servicesblog participatesponsorshipvolunteer5k run/walkcontestsvendor submissionentertainment submissionstorevirtual program







celticmke milwaukee irish fest irish fest scrapbook school of music summer school ward irish music archives






 
            




 
 
 
 
 











scroll

august 14 - 17, 2025



main content

 milwaukee irish fest 
join us august 14 - 17, 2025 at the henry maier festival park for four days of music, culture, and craic.
tickets
view various admission ticket types below and details about our fáilte club vip experience.
get tickets
lineup
we've announced a few bands and artists performing at this year's festival. full lineup coming march 3. be sure to sign up for our newsletter to get notified!
view lineup
hotel packages
we partnered with hotels throughout the greater milwaukee area to offer packages that include overnight accommodations, admission to irish fest, and complimentary shuttling.
view packages
volunteer
it takes over 4,300 volunteers to help make our festival a success! join our volunteer community and receive complimentary admission to the festival!
learn more

subscribe
opt-in for news, special discounts, festival entertainment,
and to get the behind-the-scenes scoop! 


email  








 explore 
swipe through our carousel for news, updates and quick links.
 
irish fest summer school
irish music, dance, culture, and language classes for all ages! august 11-15, 2025.
learn more

follow our spotify playlist!
our current spotify playlist features songs and tunes that will get you in the st. patrick's day spirit!
go to spotify

irish fest memories
relive memories from previous irish fests through our digital scrapbook website!
go to scrapbook

tradfest dublin
dublin, ireland's renowned tradfest will return to irish fest this august for another year of showcasing emerging talent at the snug stage. stay tuned for the 2025 tradfest lineup. until then, click below to learn more about tradfest.
learn more
 
 

 our home is celticmke 
 
consider making a donation to support the milwaukee irish fest organization, celticmke.
celticmke is a nonprofit organization dedicated to sharing celtic music, history and culture with people in the midwest and all over the world! milwaukee irish fest is produced by celticmke, an organization focused on the promotion and preservation of the irish, irish american, and celtic cultures.
 
your support enables us to produce the festival and to provide celtic resources and programs year-round.
donate here

the festival app
download the free official milwaukee irish fest app, powered by ciderboys hard cider, on your apple or android phone. view the schedule, artists, activities, food and more all from a mobile device.
 

 





 sponsors 
















 



























   


celticmke

    1532 n. wauwatosa ave
    
    milwaukee, wi
    
    414.476.3378
  
festival grounds 

    henry maier festival park
    
    milwaukee, wi
    
    info@irishfest.com
  

 


 
 
 
 
 

donate subscribe


           







about celticmkegetting heremapdonatemediaprivacy policyterms and conditionscopyright information




this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system.











