




adr & voiceover recording studios london for tv & film, radio & podcasts, animation, games, and audio books | editing & mixing | isdn & source connect | audio post production













































 welcome to the sound company.we're just loading up some pictures,with you in a sec ... 











  the sound company ltd, the old school, 23 gosfield street, london, w1w 6hg   
   +44 (0) 207 580 5880    
   click here to email us





send us a file 
london | uk 






















about
•
studios
•
services

overview of services
adr & adr supervision
animation expertise
broadcast pr & radio days
casting & voice direction
editing & mixing
isdn & source connect
radio & podcasts
sound design
voiceover recording





•
work
•
team
•
contact



















the sound company studios

three decades of audio excellence
voice recording | editing | mixing
adr | source connect | isdn
tv & film | radio & podcasts | animation






scroll down






























click the photo for reception info
click for more photos








who we are


we have a world-wide reputation, and work on some stunning projects. our operational and support teams are crafted from the finest and most passionate talent in our capital city.since 1993 we've consistently won plaudits for our service & values, and for our meticulous attention to individual client needs - resulting in stress-free sessions and beautifully executed audio for tv & film, radio & podcasts, corporate, multimedia, animation and games.we're here to support you through the vagaries of talent schedules and ever-changing production deadlines. our studio engineers, bookings and support teams are helpful, friendly, highly skilled & thoroughly professional.












our studios


ideally situated a moment's walk from oxford circus & bbc broadcasting house in the heart of london's vibrant west end, the sound company studios lie tucked away in a discreet location - a natural choice for working with high profile talentwe built our seven sound recording & audio-post studios within the 6,500 sq ft former all souls primary school, built in 1835, which later became the famous advision music studios.each of our studios has a character all of its own, and our clients often remark on the scale and quirkiness of our well-loved building. videos and pictures of each of our studios can be found via the 'studios' link in the top menu.









click the photo for some company history
click to see more photos and read about the history of our studio, our building and advision studios.


















want to get in touch?





yes!

























studio 1  
>click for info<







studio 1click to take a closer look









studio 1click to take a closer look









studio 1click to take a closer look









studio 1click to take a closer look









studio 1click to take a closer look







 your browser does not support playback of this video














studio 2  
>click for info<







studio 2click to take a closer look









studio 2click to take a closer look









studio 2click to take a closer look









studio 2click to take a closer look









studio 2click to take a closer look






your browser does not support playback of this video












studio 3  
>click for info<







studio 3click to take a closer look









studio 3click to take a closer look









studio 3click to take a closer look









studio 3click to take a closer look









studio 3click to take a closer look






your browser does not support playback of this video














studio 5  
>click for info<







studio 5click to take a closer look









studio 5click to take a closer look









studio 5click to take a closer look









studio 5click to take a closer look









studio 5click to take a closer look






your browser does not support playback of this video












studio 6  
>click for info<







studio 6click to take a closer look









studio 6click to take a closer look









studio 6click to take a closer look









studio 6click to take a closer look









studio 6click to take a closer look






your browser does not support playback of this video












tv studio  
for dry hire







tv studioclick to take a closer look









tv studioclick to take a closer look







our tv studio - "no other space like it in london's west end". what was once the advision music studio is currently our air-conditioned 4-waller tv/video studio. there is no gallery area, but reception can be used as a holding/lunch area.you can hire the studio as an unstaffed, unequipped four-waller for cast auditions, script read-throughs, rehearsals, media training, photographic/video shoots - anything you can think of! if you have portable sound recording gear you can also use the spacious voice booth.ceiling height is approx 5.2 meters. a 63 amp lighting distribution board is installed with rcb breakers.




teas, fresh coffee, luxurious biscuits & delicious fruit are always available.sometimes we use this space as an extension of studio 1. we've recorded choirs, bands, comedy shows - all sorts of things.please enquire about prices. (props, staff, drapes, cycs, lighting not included)




























mics & gear list







isdn & remotes







video specs pdf

































voice recording



voice recording is at the heart of what we do at the sound company, and for more than thirty years we've loved working with clients from all over the world on projects for film and television, radio, podcasts, animation, audiobooks, games and pretty much anything else you can think of!our spacious acoustically treated studios and carefully curated microphone collection have been designed to capture every nuance of voice performance in exquisite detail.we're a friendly team of passionate and highly skilled studio engineers, bookings & support staff, and we've gained an enviable reputation for quality & professionalism.









voice recording in studio 3 at the sound company, london
voice recording in studio 3 at the sound company, london















adr at the sound company, london
adr at the sound company, london








adr


adr from the sound company studios can be heard on productions across the globe, from prime time tv broadcasts & bafta winning animation series to the latest us streaming boxsets and academy award winning cinema releases.talent and crew often remark on how our professional expertise and friendly atmosphere make for a relaxed and productive environment.our experienced engineers know what it takes to acheive seamless dialogue replacement.










sound edit & mix



regularly working on everything from tv and cinema ads to ivr phone prompts, bbc radio programmes, animated tv series and podcasts, we provide full audio post production services from clean-up to world-building immersive sound design.with studio monitoring from quested, tannoy and pmc, spacious mix rooms, including a 5.1 surround suite, a vast sound fx library and the latest tools for dialogue editing and clean-up, we're geared up to elevate your next project to new sonic heights.









editing and mixing in studio 6 at the sound company, london
editing and mixing in studio 6 at the sound company, london









podcast filming in the tv studio. click for more info.
podcast filming in the tv studio. click for more info.








filming


with decades of audio expertise you can rest assured that your audio will sound the best it can, and now with our 4k filming capabilities your podcast or animation reference can look its best as well.our flexible video and lighting rig can be moved between any of our sound studios as well as our spacious tv studio (pictured here) which can host several guests and even a small audience.we'd love to work with you on your next project. just give us a call and our friendly bookings team will be pleased to help.

























rates summary







click to view







full ratecard







download

























our work







all projects
 
.
tv & film
 
.
radio & podcasts
 
.
animation
 
.
games
 











britain's best young artistvoiceover recording









happy place with fearne cottonpodcast recording









redout space assaultcasting & dialogue recording









chicken run: dawn of the nuggetdialogue recording









bitz & bobdialogue recording









the great pottery throwdownvoiceover recording









countryfilevo comm records









kung fu panda: the dragon knightdialogue recording









equalsadr









successionadr









sunday morning with joanna pageradio show record, edit & mix









dragons' denltc-sync isdn vo comm rec









how to train your dragondial rec with video link to l.a.









orphan blackadr









the white lotusadr









peppa pigdialogue recording









paydaydialogue recording









rise of the guardiansdialogue recording









sherlock gnomesdialogue recording









westworldadr









shaun the sheep farmageddondialogue recording & adr









wildlifeadr









battlefielddialogue recording









tee & modialogue recording & editing









hotel inspectorvo comm records









savills podcastround table podcast recording









the worst witchadr









game of thronesvo commentaries









boxtrollsdialogue recording









brilliant mindspodcast discussion series









peter rabbitadr, voice direction & mix









ben & hollydialogue recording









total war: warhammer iiidialogue recording









nation's favouritevo comm records









the one showvo comm records









the reunionround-table discussion recording









early mandialogue recording & adr









the witchadr









trollhuntersdialogue recording & adr









sunday morning with alex jonesradio show recording, editing & mixing









kubo & the 2 stringsdialogue recording









songs of praisevo comm records









rip off britainvo comm records









love monsterdialogue recording & editing









preacheradr









a good readround-table discussion recording









we need to talk aboutspotify podcast show









ron's gone wrongdialogue recording & adr









british scandalpodcast recording









umbrella academyadr









wraps on tvpodcast & live broadcast









covid 19 - the search for a vaccinestudio podcast recording









the curse of the were rabbitdialogue recording









jack ryanadr









moonfalladr









phineas and ferbdialogue recording









ibiza weekendervoiceover recording









pop paper citycasting, dialogue recording & full audio post









official secretsadr









when it hits the fanradio 4 / podcast recording, editing & mixing




























that’s why we love working with you guys!

 you make adr magic happen!  you made a lot of people happy across the globe today. your entire team is awesome!






thank you so much.

i was blown away by your efficiency and professionalism in getting this turned around so quickly and easily.






my thanks to the whole sound company team!

this week has been turbulent - even by our standards. we really value the work you all do for us. your flexibility and absolute professionalism is greatly valued.





fantastic people.

warm & friendly, wonderful location





everything sounds wonderful.

the client and script writer were very pleased with the result. a very big thank you for your contribution in making the session such a success.





the adr was superb.

dropped-in without a hitch. perfect synch. perfect match to our usa sound stage dialogue. brilliant!





the last batch of voice-over recordings are really excellent.

the careful recording and judicious after- treatment was nothing short of superb.



























our team







geoff oliver
md & founder







dom boucher
tech ops manager







luke nagy
asst tech ops manager







gareth wood
studio engineer








nick thackeray-cron
studio engineer







freya baldwin
bookings coordinator







seb stone
junior engineer& runner






















want to get in touch?





yes!























let's talk





the sound company ltd


address (click for directions)
23 gosfield street,
 london, w1w 6hg


phone number 
 +44 (0) 207 580 5880
 

email
bookings@sound.co.uk









travel info


tube stops
oxford circus
 warren street
 great portland street


car parks
citipark: clipstone mews
q-park: harley street
ncp: portland place


































the sound company ltd





the sound company © copyright 2024














local trusted voice agents




calypso  •  +44 (0)207 734 6415
excellent talent  •  +44 (0) 3452 100 111
harvey voices  •  +44 (0)207 952 4361
lip service  •  +44 (0)207 734 3393
damn good voices  •  +44 (0)7702 228 185
just voices  •  +44 (0)208 154 2923




loud & clear  •  +44 (0)207 636 6123
rhubarb  •  +44 (0)208 742 8683
sue terry voices  •  +44 (0)020 7434 2040
voice squad / foreign legion  •  +44 (0)208 450 4451
yakety yak  •  +44 (0)207 430 2600
































×
covid-19 status


hello good people!

monday 13th july onwards...

where possible we should still keep 2m apart, but 1 metre is acceptable with masks according to hm government.

please refer to the government website for the most up-to-date information: coronavirus (covid-19) at www.gov.uk

from today we have 4 studios open with a skeleton staff (but hard core!)

* please wear face coverings * we are social distancing within our 6,500 sq ft building *

bookings is behind a special screen in reception. bookings@sound.co.uk. +44 (0)207 580 5880.

studios 1, 2 and 3 and 5/6 are open for sessions, and we have a very large studio (ex-advision music studio) that can be configured for multi-voice  work whilst maintaining social distancing. some set-up time will need to be charged.

obviously we are taking strong extra precautions and having regular deep cleans. microphones and pop-shields etc. are being suitably cleaned after each use.

if you can link into sessions remotely, please do so - e.g. skype & browser applications. if you are attending, please wear a mask. try to get in without using public transport if at all possible. if you do need to attend - and have no alternative to public transport then you need to wear face coverings from today. https://www.london.gov.uk/coronavirus/face-covering-guidance.

it's starting to get busier, so if you have a backlog of, say, comm records to do - book in some time - even if for later in the summer.
podcasts, multi-broadcast radio days, tv & radio ad vo recording and mixing, narration recording; all are possible without the need to attend the studios.

we're happy to help out over the phone to get a remote connection going that works for you.

runners, in-house barista-style coffees, our
usual selection of delicious biscuits and bought-in meals are *temporarily unavailable* for sessions.

geoff oliver, managing director
accounts@thesoundcompany.tv
d/l +44 (0)207 097 7135


close



















×
reception


our huge client reception is ideal for pre-session meetings.our runners will be delighted to serve you freshly homemade bread or toast with lashings of butter and marmite or marmalade - available to all clients booked in before 11.00.there's always a fresh pot of coffee brewing on the dresser, and we have three trained baristas in-house!




our reception area, as with all our studios, has the finest fruit, scrumptious cookies and more herbal & fruit teas than the ritz afternoon tea menu!lunches can be ordered in from local restaurants and bistros.wi-fi is available throughout the building.newly installed this year, we have an accessible toilet; step-free from the street.


close



















×
studio history


"gosfield" street? possibly from gocefeild, gorefeld, gorsfeild and gosfend, or possibly from goosefield, god’s field or gorse field - or from an ancient family surnamed de gosfeld during the reigns of king henry ii (1154-1189), richard 1st (1189-1199) and king john (1199-1216).
 
 there is a village called gosfield in essex, where, in gosfield hall, king louis xviii lived with his queen & 350 courtiers in the early 1800's.
 
 but why was george street changed to gosfield street between 1827 & 1898? answers, as they say, on a postcard please...
 









	here, you can just about make out the old painted street sign "upper marylebone street". many thanks to our eagled-eyed studio 3 sound engineer and technical operations manager dom boucher who spotted this.


in the late 19th century, charles booth carried out a survey into life and labour in london. below is an extract from his actual notes about gosfield street - inhabited by "clerks, artisans and women of easy virtue". so, no change there then.





no. 23 was then the all souls national girls and infants school. this was later split into the "poor school" in ogle street and the current school in foley street.

fast-forwarding to 1969, a company called advision set up what was to become one of the most famous sound studios in europe.





advision, as the name implied, initially recorded voice-overs for tv and cinema commercials

london at that time was the centre of the european film business and was the culture capital of the world. if you had to be anywhere in the swinging sixties, you had to be in london.

















an enormous studio space practically the height of the whole building and accomodating 60 musicians, was fitted out with 35mm projection on to a full cinema screen. the projection room now being our new studio 6.









(above left) the main music studio in 1992, 6 years before we bought the freehold in may '98. (however, we rented a couple of floors from 1993.) (above right) because we didn't want to ruin or carve-up the space,
the studio is now used for tv media training facilities, broadcast tv interviews & various other audio & radio projects.









we built an audio post studio in what was the music studio control room. studio 1, below





an additional mix suite was placed in the basement... now our studio 2, below









and a large voice dubbing theatre on the first floor... now our studio 3, below)









the whole set up was run exclusively on the state-of-the-art westrex recording system - its familiar logo adorns the title sequence of many a well loved film.


during the seventies, the industry changed. the need for massive orchestrations meant that vast out of town studios were built, capable of housing large studio orchestras. advision had to find a new niche - and became one of the leading rock industry recording & mixing facilities.








bands such as yes and elp cut their most famous works here, as well as solo artists such as paul young and david essex. the essex hit "hold me close" was recorded and mixed here on eight track. for some reason, probably best forgotten, the mix took 36 hours of continuous slog!!!

probably the most famous work ever to be recorded in the studio was jeff wayne's epic concept album "the war of the worlds".





this was an epic in more ways than it's 2 hour length. the album took nearly four years to complete.





the coup of richard burton agreeing to record the narration was offset for the staff by burton being 3 weeks late for the recording session; a fact that may well give some notoriously tardy voiceovers some comfort.


film had always been an important part of studio life. peter greenaway edited some early works there. advision continued to be popular with documentary makers and commercial producers, using actors such as orson welles. all sorts of material was recorded - from buxted chicken tv ads to the late johnny morris' animal impersonations for his animal magic programme. jingles for toblerone & typhoo were recorded here by barry gray, (writer of all the themes & incidental music for twizzle, four feather falls, secret service, supercar, fireball xl5, international rescue & so on.)








a small digression:

although none of the above themes were recorded at advision, many were recorded at ibc studios where, in the late seventies, geoff oliver (md of the sound company ltd) started a company called radiotracks in partnership with the late chas chandler. chas was the bass player in the animals, signed-up jimi hendrix, managed slade & many other bands.





the animals found some success with their first single "baby, let me take you home", but it was their second single, "house of the rising sun" which catapulted them into international fame.)


ibc music studio a (below) & control room (below right)










right, ex-ibc studio b; one of the two radiotracks production studios based at ibc studios, 35 portland place, london w1. not being involved with musicians, our studios weren't as "trashed" as the music studio!


much fun was had by all!







chas chandler eventually sold out to don & david arden, so we (radiotracks) bought ourselves out & moved out to great titchfield street near to where the sound company is based now. apart from the usual voiceovers (inc. aardman's the wrong trousers) we remastered & re-synched the audio (in many languages) for the entire itc library (series & films) - which included all the gerry anderson programmes (apart from twizzle).

this was a 24/7 operation for many months, re-syncing from 16mm mag audio using a clutch of sondor sound-followers, and a collection of nagras - to mainly marconi 1" vtrs. the 1" videos had been telecined from various sources. to find the best prints or negs they sometimes had to use what could be wildly different foreign cuts. sometimes it took hours & hours to piece one soundtrack together. often titles were missing from the videos - i spent many days at molinare and evolutions re-creating title and credit sequences.





ibc started out as the international broadcasting company, beaming sponsored radio programmes to britain from abroad - such as radio normandy. this was commercial radio even back in the thirties!






ibc was originally housed in hallam street on the site of what is now bbc broadcasting house extension. to allow the bbc to develop the bh site, the dewalden estate moved ibc over the road to a prestigious site in portland place, previously mainly occupied by embassies. now it's an embassy again - the columbian embassy






back to advision:

in the early 90's advision followed the trend of studios moving out of london, building residential studios in brighton. unfortunately by the time we (the sound company) found the building in 1993, the ground floor (including what used to be the main recording studio) and mezzanine had been already let. the remaining studios and offices were in a fairly derelict condition. in 1998 the other tenants moved out and we bought the freehold, expanding into the rest of the building.

the studio tradition still survives. the sound company ltd have once again earned a name for quality at the old school in fitzrovia.

further reading:
excerpt from 'the great british recording studios' by howard massey
advision studios on philsbook.com, via the internet archive wayback machine
advision studios on discogs music database
advision studios on wikipedia


close




















×
studio one


studio engineer: nick thackeray-cron

as all our studios are, studio one is an extremely versatile voice recording and audio-post production studio - designed from experience of the needs of our clients.originally the main advision music studio control room, we re-built the studio to suit voice recording and audio post-production. it's on the ground floor, off our client reception area.studio one booth and control room are both wheelchair-accessible, step-free from our generously proportioned ground-floor reception area which also provides access to our accessible toilet.there's plenty of room for the director or producer to lay out scripts & notes, and plenty of room for the rest of the client team.isdn, source-connect, skype and regular phone-patch connectivity. tv, film, podcasts, radio, corporate, animation, multimedia, ivr system prompts - single or double voice recording - wild or to picture, booth adr, editing & mixing, "live" multibroadcasts/radio days - the list goes on!


close











×
studio two


studio engineer: luke nagy

originally advision studio 2, we re-built the space to suit voice recording and audio post-production. it's on the lower-ground floor. there's a door to a small outside area - for fresh air or to have a smoke. there's plenty of room for the director or producer to lay out scripts & notes, and plenty of room for the rest of the client team.tv, film, round table podcasts & radio, games, ensemble animation recording & editing, corporate voiceovers & mixes, multimedia projects, ivr system prompt recording, editing & mastering - single or multi-voice recording - wild or to picture, isdn, source-connect, booth adr, tracklaying, sound design & mixing, "live" multibroadcasts/radio days - the list goes on...


close











×
studio three


studio engineer: dom boucher

clients & voices often comment that studio 3 is unpretentious and has a homely feel - being disillusioned by the clinical look and ambience of so many studios currently. other clients say it has a 'creative magic' - who are we to disagree?at one time this was advision's dubbing theatre, but when we arrived in 1993 it was just a huge empty space. so md & founder geoff oliver built and designed this large recording and audio post studio with bags of natural light and an extremely generous ceiling height.studio 3 voice recording booth has enough room for large multi-voice recording sessions and group wallah. the voice booth is also large enough to light and film in - very important for epk, b-roll & those dvd extras. the generously proportioned audio control room can accommodate around 10 to 16 people (with notice) and is large enough for true 'fly on the wall' filming.from straight voiceover records, to computer games & animation dialogue recording, from round-table radio & podcast recording, mixing & editing, to video-link adr sessions via isdn or source-connect, you can be assured that studio 3 will provide not only a superb product but a pleasant journey arriving at it.


close











×
studio five


studio engineer: gareth wood

our most recently re-designed voice recording & audio-post studio, studio 5 is perched right at the top of our building and well worth the climb! it's flooded with natural light and, like all of our recording studios, is a versatile and chacterful space.the studio can be set-up for single or multi-voice radio & podcast discussion recordings, editing & mixing, narration voice records to picture, booth adr, isdn, source-connect pro, games & animation dialogue recording, ivr system prompts, "live" multibroadcasts/radio days - the list goes on...there's plenty of room for producers or client teams, with two producer's seats directly in front of the voice booth windw, and room in the booth for up to six voices.as with all of our audio studios, sessions can be remotely produced/directed via phone, skype or skype video.


close











×
studio six


originally the advision recording studios projection room, clients often refer to studio 6 as the 'loft room'. it's on a mezzanine floor with direct access to our roof garden - a real sun-trap in the summer.like all our studios, studio 6 is an extremely versatile recording & audio-post space, designed with the needs of our clients in mind. it's perfect for radio & podcast recording, editing & mixing, tv commentary records to picture, booth adr for film & tv, isdn, source connect pro, games & animation dialogue recording, ivr system prompts, and "live" multibroadcasts/radio days.there's a producer's desk with plenty of room to spread out notes & scripts, lots of natural light, and the voice recording booth (which will accommodate 2 voices and is in a slightly elevated position) is up a short solid maple staircase.adjoining the studio is a 2-sofa lobby area with a camera feed to & from the voice booth/control room (or pro tools picture video feed), talkback and audio monitoring. useful as an overflow, an office base during long sessions, or somewhere to put chattering clients! it also benefits from bags of daylight, via large roof windows.


close











×
studio seven


studio seven is our smallest recording studio - bijou indeed - though we have seen much smaller voice booths around at a much higher price!studio 7 sounds excellent, matching our larger studios perfectly. with its low noise floor, warm acoustic and snug feel, studio 7 has become a firm favourite for audio book and single-voice podcast & dialogue recordings.it's just right for a single-voice isdn link-up or studio recording, and sessions can be attended by a producer or director, or, (as with all our studios), produced & directed via phone patch, skype or skype video.the voice recording booth adjoins the control room, with visual communication via two-way cameras which can be routed to skype.the studio is on the ground floor behind our "tv" studio


close




















×
equipment list


microphones

neumann u87ai
neumann tlm170
neumann tlm193
neumann tlm103
sennheiser mkh-416
dpa 4060 / 4061
audio technica at4033
akg c414 b-uls
coles 4104 lip mic
bbc-marconi type a

mic pres

focusrite isa 220
focusrite isa 428
focusrite g1 green
focusrite voicebox
dav bg501

hardware/software

pro tools | hdx
source-connect pro
voiceq
ediprompt
nugen audio vis-lm r128 loudness metering
fabfilter, massey, waves
izotope rx suite
wt automixer
quiet art waverider

if you need something specific that's not listed, perhaps a schoeps or sanken for an adr session or a vintage u67 & neve pre for a vocals session, chances are we'll be able to hire it in for you. just let us know. we have a yamaha digital piano available on request.


close











×
isdn & remote recordings


remote recordings

we use squadcast for the highest quality and unrivalled convenience in combined audio/video conferencing and recording.

recording multiple in-sync audio and video streams, which continuously upload to our cloud storage in the background during the recording session, means everyone can quickly leave the call without worrying about delivering us the files and we'll have the full resolution local recordings saved and ready for editing straight after the session.

for high quality remote monitoring of in-studio sessions we can send google meet links which can be joined via mobile, desktop or even the phone if you're monitoring a recording session on the move.

for studio-to-studio audio-only connections at the highest quality we use source connect pro. please get in touch to find out more or to book a source connect pro session.

prefer another service? just send us a link and we'll happily connect to the audio/video conferencing service of your choice with hd webcams in all our booths and audio feeds direct from our recording consoles.


isdn infrastructure

multiple lines and units. no connection or incoming data charges.

with flexible & dependable isdn infrastructure designed into our studios, we accommodate 'radio days', 'simulrecs', remote timecode sync dialogue recording (including adr) and wild voice records for clients and voice artists the world over.

cdq2001
mpeg layer 2

cdq prima
mpeg l2, mpeg l3, g.722

maya centauri 3001
mpeg l2, mpeg l3, mpeg 2/4 aac, aac low delay, standard & enhanced apt-x, g.722 & g.711

apt worldnet tokyo
mpeg l2, mpeg l3, mpeg 2 aac, standard & enhanced apt-x up to 6-line (384kbps), g.722 & g.711

apt-x 128 nica 128
low-latency, 15khz, mono 

apt-x 64 / g.722 x3 ea.
low-latency, 7.5khz, mono. most commonly used for 'multi-broadcasts' or 'radio days'


close











×
adr info


adr from the sound company can be heard on productions across the globe.

from prime-time terrestrial tv broadcasts & bafta winning animation series to the latest us streaming boxsets and academy award nominated cinema releases, our booth-adr stacks up against the very best in replacement & additional dialogue recordings.

our studios run the industry-standard ediprompt cueing software. voiceq also available on request.

sennheiser mkh-416 and dpa 4060 mics work great for us, but if you have specific mic requirements to match production, just let us know ahead of time and we'll arrange to hire them in.


close











×
summary of key rates




record / edit / mix


£165


if 3 mics or more (i.e. ensemble or round table recordings), allow an additional 1/2 hr charged set-up time. skype-to-skype audio, ipdtl and source-connect now included at no extra charge




record / edit / mix to picture


£185


whether 'locked', streaming, or as a guide or just for viewing, and including tracklay or sound-design. ask for our video specs sheet. skype-to-skype audio, ipdtl and source-connect now included at no extra charge




source-connect pro


£20


source-connect pro, add £20/hr to above rates. for crystal clear remote audio connections with no additional call charges.




adr (live action)


£220


minimum 1hr. includes source-connect pro or isdn (excl. outgoing isdn data charges). setup £200/hr; minimum 1/2 hr cue prep & 1/2 hr adr set-up




isdn 1-2-lines


£170


8k g.722/apt-x, mpeg l2, l3/aac/apt-x (plus outgoing call costs if applicable)




isdn 3-4 lines


£200


apt-x (plus outgoing call costs if applicable)




isdn 5-6 lines


£220


apt-x (plus outgoing call costs if applicable)




rates are per hour. uk clients, add vat.


get in touch for a detailed ratecard, including additional isdn lines & multi-line connections, file uploads/downloads, physical deliveries, cd/dvd/bd/usb stock, out of hours fees, and printing & photocopying, or to discuss an estimate for your project - including animation voice direction, casting & scheduling.payment terms can be found on our ratecard, together with information about pencilling & confirming recording, editing & mixing sessions, provisional over-runs, bought-in costs such as voice, equipment hire & cabs, and our policy for cancelled sessions.we cannot be held financially responsible for events outside our control - such as, but not limited to, transport delays/strikes, previous session over-runs, staff illness, power outages, adjacent construction work, poor voices or scripts, bad direction, late scripts/files/instructions, internet disruption, late client or voice arrivals.


full ratecard
close











×
audio assistant | voice recording and audio post




the sound company studios is seeking a proactive and self-motivated audio assistant to join our close-knit, hard working team.
    
    since 1993 the sound company studios have consistently won plaudits for our service & values, and for our meticulous attention to individual client needs - resulting in stress-free sessions and beautifully executed audio for tv & radio, film, podcasts, corporate, multimedia, animation and games. we have a brilliant reputation for technical excellence & strong client support.

    


we now have a vacancy for a hands-on self-starter with previous experience of audio equipment installation, setup and testing. the successful candidate will also have experience of using pro tools, and ideally adobe audition & izotope rx for dialogue editing.



with exciting developments on the horizon, the sound company is seeking an outstanding, self-motivated, audio assistant to contribute to the installation of infrastructure and equipment and manage digital audio and video assets for our seven existing studios.

essential personal attributes:

· hands-on & practical. an inquisitive nature.

· prior experience of soldering for audio applications.

· prior experience of audio equipment installation, testing and repair in a studio environment.

· knowledge of mixing desks and other pro audio gear.

· a high level of competence with customising or building and repairing mac and pc computers.

· pro tools editing and mixing experience (other daw experience will be considered).

· a good set of ears for analytical listening.

· self-critical and motivated to learn.

· a team player, willing to go the extra mile to help out your team mates.

· proven experience of managing a heavy workload. you must be able to logically prioritise tasks when time is of the essence.


you will be working with clients, so you must be client-friendly in all respects and aware that you are pr for the company.

it is not uncommon to deal with high profile clients and celebrities. discretion, and maintaining confidentiality is key.

you must have an organised mind and an organised approach to your job.


we will endeavour to respond to all applicants matching up to the full list of essential attributes, and providing everything asked for below in the required format.

if invited for interview, candidates should be prepared to demonstrate their pro tools abilities, carry out computer-based aptitude tests, and answer a number of technical questions relating to the role.
salary is negotiable, commensurate with experience, and not lower than the london living wage.



to apply:

if you are seriously interested in applying, please have a good look through our website, then email audioassist@sound.co.uk, sending in...

· an informal chatty cover letter so we can get to know something about you, saying why you want this job, demonstrating how you match up to our list of essential personal attributes, and asking any questions you may have.

· your salary expectation.

· your earliest start date.

· your honest cv in .pdf format.



please outline any other skills even if you think they are not relevant - from diy to knitting. in a small busy company everyone may be asked to do anything from putting up a shelf, to clearing a toilet, to painting a wall, to weeding the roof garden - so new skills are always useful!



please be patient - we are usually inundated with applications.



you could make all the difference! good luck!



geoff oliver, managing director & founder.



 



close



















