



perfect parties rentals | – perfect tents for perfect events


























 




















 
































perfect parties thunder bay 



#1 trusted event rental company
in thunder bay.  



perfect parties offers superior tent and canopy rentals for thunder bay and northwestern ontario.  by consistently upgrading our equipment, we can provide a worry-free, memorable setting for your special occasion.


















 











 











 











 












 



 







about us  



in addition to being aesthetically pleasing, our products are certified fireproof for yourprotection. we supply the tents and canopies when and where you want them. we have theexperience, the know-how and the latest in tent technology to make your event spectacular.discover a full line of accessories to complement your tent or canopy rental such as windowwalls, screen walls, round or banquet tables, folding or garden chairs, dance floors, helium,accents, heaters, silk trees, and vines.
















we specialize in... 















weddings 




 







get a quote













special occasions  




 







get a quote













sporting events 




 







get a quote













graduations​ 




 







get a quote













corporate events​ 




 







get a quote



















tradeshows 




 







get a quote













pow wows 




 







get a quote













festivals 




 







get a quote













grand openings 




 







get a quote













large exhibitions 




 







get a quote















 







faq 



most frequent questions and answers 










how do i book a tent?

to book a tent you should start by calling us to make sure that the tent size you need is available for the date you need. if you require any other accessories you should check on the availability of those as well. once we have confirmed that items you want are available we will take your information and “put you in the book” which confirms your items.







how do i know if a tent will fit in my yard?

if you are renting a pole-style tent, you will need a grass area that is at least 5 feetlarger than the tent on all four sides. so, for example, a 40&#39;x60&#39; pole-tent requires a grass area that is 50&#39;x70&#39;. normally, a frame-style tent requires only 2 extra feet of space on all four sides. so, for example, a 20&#39;x40&#39; frame tent  can be set-up in an area that is 24&#39;x44&#39;. the pole-style tent requires an area that is all-grass, while the frame tent does not. in both cases, the area where the tent is to be installed cannot have obstructions on the ground or lack proper overhead clearance. because it is important to ensure that a proposed site is suitable, we offer site inspections for customers who are not sure if they have enough room for a given tent size.







do you set up tents out of town?

yes. we normally will travel to areas of the province that are within about 300kmsof the city limits, although we occasionally may decide that we can travel further orcannot travel that far depending on other commitments that we might have thatweekend. there is a travel charge for locations beyond thunder bay city limits.







can i pick up the tent and install it myself?

we do not rent out any tents that customers install themselves. our professionalcrews have the experience to set-up the tents. there are so many variables thatcontribute to the rigidity and proper set-up of our tents that we need or installationexperts, with all of their experience, to do it right.







do you charge extra to deliver tables, chairs and dance floor?

no. there is no charge for delivery of tables, chairs and dance floor when they arerented with a tent, even if they are going to an out-of-town location. once you paythe travel charge for your location there is no additional charge for adding items onto your order other than the cost of the items themselves.







who sets up the tables and chairs? 

our customers are responsible for setting up the tables and chairs. we look afterinstalling the tent. if you are renting a portable bar or a dance floor we will installthat as well. the tables and chairs we will only deliver and remove, although we dodeliver them to the inside of the tent when we can.







what if i have a problem while using the tent?

our tents come with free 24 hour emergency service so if you have any problemsat all give us a call!







what happens if the tent gets damaged while i'm using it?

it all depends what happened. if your little nephew took a knife and ran down oneof the sidewalls you will be responsible. if something happens during a storm thenyou are not responsible. we trust or customers will keep our equipment in thecondition they got it so that many other people can enjoy our services.







what kinds of decorations can i use?

crate paper streamers seem to be the only thing other than packing tape or ducttape that will damage the tent. if the streamers get wet the colour actually leachesout and soaks right into the tent material leaving a unrepairable stain. the tapeactually leaves a film of glue on the tent material that is very difficult to remove.







can i take some walls down if it gets to hot inside the tent?

of course you can. all we ask is that you fold them up as best you can and keepthem in a dry place so they don&#39;t get damaged. after your event just put them inthe tent so that our crews can get them.



































let's talk 









phone: + (807) 683-1077
 



email: rick@perfectparties.ca 















656 city rd #11, thunder bay, on p7j 1k3 



mon-fri 09:00 - 19:00, sat-sun 10:00 - 14:00 





facebook



instagram


































