








































 






king edward vi college, stourbridge

















 















apply now









search for:



 











about us
courses
how to apply
student hub
parent & guardian hub
student support
staff & governors








2025 applications now open!					
looking for a college place for september 2025? make your application today!
click here to apply







check out our courses					
with 38 subjects to choose from, you'll find your perfect programme of study
click here







got questions about 2025 admissions?					
read our faq's to help answer them.
click here







unsure about your career choices?					
take this useful quiz to find out what job would suit you.
click here










welcome to king ed’s
our mission here is simple: we want to inspire the next generation; we want them to grow and achieve academic and personal excellence, progressing on to their chosen next steps with confidence. therefore, we are interested in you, what you love and what motivates you, because we know that discovering your inner drive is key to success.
holly bembridge, principal
 

 






download our information booklet
download


questions about your future career?
click here to start your conversation


want to find out more about our enrichment?
click here









latest news
view all news





exciting news: our student selected for uk team at romanian master of mathematics!

read more





student chosen to perform at prestigious music for youth proms 2024

read more






upcoming events


march 4 | 8:00 am
year 13 assemblies


march 4 | 6:00 pm
careers – parent / student speaker series: introduction to careers research & graduate roles (provided by aston university)


view all







king ed’s on instagram






💘🧠 love was in the air…and so was the comp






a huge congratulations to our incredible year 12 s






last term, we welcomed pc j edwards from west midl
 





from one trailblazing woman in geology to the next



 


load more






 follow on instagram




















find us

stourbridge, west midlands, dy8 1td 
for sat nav use: dy8 1yr
view on a map


contact us

01384 398100						

reception@kedst.ac.uk						


follow us




































© king edward vi college 2025					

website by super digital


privacy policy
cookie policy
















request a prospectus
if you would like a printed copy of the prospectus, please request one using the form and we will post one out to you.



' this site is protected by hcaptcha and its privacy policy and terms of service apply.submission pagesubmit'					







book a tour of the campus
if you would like to arrange a tour of the campus, please complete the form below.



' this site is protected by hcaptcha and its privacy policy and terms of service apply.submission pagesubmit'					






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





necessary							


necessary

always enabled




necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






functional							


functional





functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







performance							


performance





performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







analytics							


analytics





analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







advertisement							


advertisement





advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







others							


others





other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept


powered by 










 


















 


