

bay colony wine cellars - boston, new york city, naples, wine racks, wine cooling


















 
 
 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 
 


 
 


 






















 
 
 


 


 
 
 


 






 
  










 
 


 


 


 


 


 




 
 
 








      

btu calculator

whisperkool wine cooling units
                  bay colony proudly offers all models of whisperkool wine cooling 
                  units. these reliable through-the-wall coolers are perfect for 
                  small to midsize wine rooms.
whisperkool 
                  units 








                       

                    "we use bay colony for much of 
                    our wine storage needs…as a former restaurant 
                    owner, joe understands our concerns…he and his staff 
                    design wine cellars that maximize bottle capacities, are efficient 
                    for our employees to use during a rush, and are secure from 
                    theft. most importantly, they maintain proper wine storage 
                    conditions.
bay colony is reliable and their products 
                    are superior to [others we purchased before]…i 
                    have even recommended joe to my friends in the wine industry 
                    who have had his company build wine cellars in their homes."

   legal 
                    sea foods










wine 
                    cellar cooling systems
 
btu 
                    calculator


we make 
                    it simple to select the best cooling system for your wine 
                    cellar.

                    browse by type of cooling system, cellar size, btus or brand.

                    call us for assistance at 
                    1- 866-367-2883
 
room 
                    volume isn't everything when choosing the best cooling unit. 
                    many of our competitors only consider room volume when suggesting 
                    a cooling system.

                    our new btu calculator takes into account critical factors 
                    such as room dimensions, insulation values, type of window 
                    and door glass used and location of the wine room within the 
                    building.










  
bay colonykit racks
        
do-it-yourselfers 
                  . . .
our 
                  kit wine racks
                  are for you ! your creativity 
                  and our hand-crafted mahogany wine racks are a winning combination. 
                  select from an array of sizes and designs to customize your 
                  personal wine collection.
satisfaction guaranteed
kit wine racks
        













click to view 
                        the interactive guide: how to build a wine cellar


how to build a wine cellar
                    this interactive guide (flash 7 required) takes you through 
                    the entire wine cellar planning and construction process. 
                    take a few minutes to familiarize yourself with this process... 
                    and call us with any questions that arise. view 
                    guide
















bay colony's joe quartarone 
                        discusses wine cellar design with karen rudis at an auction 
                        to benefit greater lawrence habitat for humanity - women 
                        build, which was held at the andover country club on september 
                        28.


the underlying goal of my company, bay colony, 
                    and each of its employees is to simply exceed your expectations!
we realize that our outstanding reputation 
                    and future success are directly related to your complete satisfaction. 
                    by working with us, you will enjoy peace-of-mind from our 
                    unmatched customer service and the unsurpassed beauty of our 
                    custom wine cellars, custom 
                    humidors, and kit wine racks. 
                    
we use only the world's finest wood, metal, 
                    stone, granite, ceramic, glass and electronic products. our 
                    wine cooling units include the whisperkool and wine guardian 
                    brands, as well as our own line of custom built ductless and 
                    ducted split wine cooling systems. there are 2 types of self 
                    contained wine guardian coolers - fully ducted unit or through-the-wall. 
                    whisperkool also offers self 
                    contained units - whisperkool xlt, whisperkool extreme and 
                    whisperkool slimline.
 in addition, the whisperkool platinum split 
                    and mini split are other options when a self contained unit 
                    is not the best solution. lastly, when the goal is precise 
                    humidity levels in the wine room, it's a good idea to consider 
                    the wine guardian 
                    humidifier. it can be installed and wired with a wine guardian 
                    cooler or it can be installed by itself if there is already 
                    a different brand climate control system in the wine cellar.




call a bay colony representative toll-free 
                    at 1(866)367-2883 or email 
                    us today
                    to discuss your residential or commercial wine cellar or humidor 
                    project.
we'll listen to your specific needs and desires, 
                    and recommend a solution custom fit to your home or office. 
                    you will quickly discover why our clients choose us and feel 
                    confident in referring bay colony to their family and friends.



 
 




 


 
 









music 
      city web design





