











soul of america | curated & comprehensive black travel guides























































































 







support our mission
events
u.s. cities
black colleges
caribbean
more international
search




menu


menu

 


support our mission
events
u.s. cities
black colleges
caribbean
more international






150+ black travel guides for
savvy traveling while black

u.s. cities & hawaii
atlanta
baltimore / washington
chicago
las vegas
los angeles
miami / fort lauderdale
new orleans
new york city / brooklyn
orlando
philadelphia
san francisco / oakland
• more destinations

caribbean & mexico
aruba
barbados
havana, cuba
cancun, mexico
martinique
montego bay, jamaica
nassau, bahamas
punta cana, dr
st. lucia
st. martin-sint maarten
st. thomas, usvi
• more destinations

more international
amsterdam, netherlands
bangkok, thailand
dubai, uae
egypt
hong kong, china
london, united kingdom
paris, france
rio de janiero, brazil
rome, italy
south africa
toronto, canada
• more destinations


more black travel topics

national
calendar of events

black cruises

black colleges

black museums

black towns

sports travel

top beaches

civil rights movement
by city


general travel resources

ground travel toolbox

car rental numbers

amtrak rail passes
amtrak acela high speed rail
california high speed rail
las vegas-socal high speed rail
interstate high speed rail progress
rail europe

air travel toolbox

flight tracker
seatguru airline seat maps
top-rated airlines in the world
alaska airlines uncf plane
tsa: carry-on rules for liquids
tsa: what can i bring
tsa: id at checkpoint
tsa: travel w/ medical conditions
other resources
u.s. passport requirements
obtaining a visa
u.s. embassies abroad
international travel tips
top-rated travel credit cards
u.s. weather map
caribbean weather map







  


          soul of america® | © 1997-2025 soul of america travel, inc., all rights reserved  |  about us  |  advertise  | privacy policy | blacks in travel & tourism | black travel alliance | i love being black 






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.accept settingshide notification onlysettings

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
accept settingshide notification only




























































