



three chords - guitar tabs and bass tabs for pop, rock, punk, metal and alternative music














artist
album
song
composer
composition
instrument










bestsellersrockpoppunkmetalalternativenu‑metalbluesacousticcountryfunkmovies




browse by instrument
guitar
bass
piano
brass
woodwinds
percussion
strings





 








worldwideshipping!
        
what's hot? - bestsellers


maroon 5 - it won't be soon before long - $16.95 

by maroon 5. piano/vocal/chords songbook (arrangements for piano and voice with guitar chords). softcover. 74 pages. published by hal leonard.isbn 1423433491. all 12 songs from the band's blockbuster sophomore album: if i never see your face again, back at your door, better that we break, can't stop, goodnight goodnight, kiwi, little of your time, makes me wonder, not falling apart, nothing lasts forever, wake up call, won't go home without you.size 9x12 inches.
more maroon 5 (17)...




mika - life in cartoon motion - $16.95 

songbook for voice, piano and guitar (chords only). 92 pages. published by hal leonard. with vocal melody, lyrics, piano accompaniment, chord names, guitar chord diagrams and color photos. pop. 9x12 inches.born in beirut and raised in london, mika made an international splash in '07 with his heavily downloaded single grace kelly. this 13-song debut includes that hit and more, plus three pages of color photos. contents: billy brown, ring ring, happy ending, lollipop, stuck in the middle, any other world, big girl (you are beautiful), love today, over my shoulder, relax (take it easy), erase, grace kelly and my interpretation.
more mika (2)...




soundtrack - dreamgirls - $18.95 

(music from the motion picture soundtrack) songbook for voice, piano and guitar (chords only). 112 pages. published by hal leonard. with vocal melody, lyrics, piano accompaniment, chord names and guitar chord diagrams. movies. 9x12 inches.16 songs from the soundtrack of the film to garner the most oscar nominations in 2006. includes: family, listen, and i am telling you i'm not going, perfect world, when i first saw you, i am changing, one night only, hard to say goodbye, my love, fake your way to the top, cadillac car, move (you're stepping on my heart), steppin' to the bad side, dreamgirls, patience, i want you, baby and love you i do.
more dreamgirls (8)...




the fray - how to save a life - $16.95 

performed by the fray. songbook for voice, piano and guitar (chords only). matching folio to the debut cd from this denver-based modern rock band. 80 pages. published by hal leonard. with vocal melody, lyrics, piano accompaniment, chord names and guitar chord diagrams. alternative rock and pop rock. 9x12 inches.matching folio to the debut cd from this denver-based modern rock band. 12 songs, including: all at once, dead wrong, fall away, heaven forbid, how to save a life, hundred, little house, look after you, over my head (cable car), she is, trust me and vienna.
more the fray (3)...




the red hot chili peppers - stadium arcadium - $24.95 

performed by the red hot chili peppers. guitar tablature songbook for guitar and voice. 288 pages. published by hal leonard. with guitar tablature, standard notation, vocal melody, lyrics, chord names and guitar chord diagrams. funk rock, alternative rock and hard rock. 9x12 inches.note-for-note transcriptions with tab for all 28 tracks from the peppers' two-disc set, their first album to debut at #1 on the billboard 200. songs include: we believe, if, readymade, animal bar, c'mon girl, charlie, dani california, death of a martian, desecration smile, especially in michigan, hard to concentrate, hey, hump de bump, make you feel better, she looks to me, she's only 18, slow cheetah, snow (hey oh), so much i, stadium arcadium, storm in a teacup, strip my mind, tell me baby, torture me, turn it again, warlocks, wet sand and 21st century.
more red hot chili peppers (33)...




system of a down - hypnotize - $19.95 

performed by system of a down. guitar recorded versions (authentic note-for-note transcriptions). with notes and tablature. size 9x12 inches. 104 pages. published by hal leonard.12 hard rock tunes from this 2005 release have been transcribed note-for-note for this songbook. includes: dreaming, hypnotize, attack, soldier side (intro), kill rock 'n roll, lonely day, tentative, she's like heroin, stealing society, u-fig, vicinity of obscenity and holy mountains.
more system of a down (9)...




james blunt - back to bedlam - $17.95 

performed by james blunt. piano/vocal/chords songbook (arrangements for piano and voice with guitar chords). size 9x12 inches. 56 pages. published by hal leonard.the debut album from this soulful british rock crooner includes the smash hit you're beautiful plus: high, wisemen, goodbye my lover, tears and rain, out of my mind, so long, jimmy, billy, cry and no bravery.
more james blunt (2)...




eric clapton - the cream of eric clapton - $24.95 

performed by eric clapton. guitar tablature songbook for guitar and voice. 168 pages. published by hal leonard. with standard guitar notation, guitar tablature, vocal melody, lyrics, chord names and guitar chord diagrams. blues rock and adult contemporary. 9x12 inches.19 hits from his early years, including: after midnight, badge, bell bottom blues, blues power, cocaine, cross road blues , hello old friend, i can't stand it, i feel free, i shot the sheriff, knockin' on heaven's door, layla, let it grow, let it rain, presence of the lord, promises, sunshine of your love, white room and wonderful tonight.
more eric clapton (86)...




v/a - 2006 rock charts guitar - $24.95 

(the biggest hits, the greatest artists) guitar tablature songbook for guitar and voice. 228 pages. published by alfred publishing. with guitar tablature, standard notation, vocal melody, lyrics, chord names, guitar chord diagrams, guitar tab glossary and harmony part. pop rock. 9x12 inches.contents: have a nice day, the clincher, vitamin r (leading us along), good is good, i know why, where has all the love gone, guarded, stricken, the root of all evil, these walls, no more cloudy days, one thing, boulevard of broken dreams, holiday, wake me up when september ends, you and me, everything burns, photograph, savin' me, i'm feeling you, broken, remedy, enlightened by the cold, welcome to my life, devils & dust, the hitter, right here, run away, stand up, no wonder.
more rock charts guitar (18)...




green day - american idiot - $19.95 

performed by green day. songbook for voice, piano and guitar (chords only). 122 pages. published by warner brothers.matching folio to green day's album american idiot. the best-selling, grammy-award winning record (best rock album, 2005) includes the number 1 billboard modern rock chart hits "boulevard of broken dreams" and the title-track, "american idiot." other titles include jesus of suburbia, holiday, are we the waiting, st. jimmy, give me novacaine, she's a rebel, extraordinary girl, letterbomb, wake me up when september ends, homecoming and whatsername.
more green day (22)...



          more:
          page 1 |
             page 2 |
        
 
 


        search for: 
        
artist
album
song
composer
composition
instrument






about: sheet music plus has the world's biggest selection of sheet music with over 456,000 titles in stock. most titles are delivered anywhere in the world in 4-8 business days.
how to shop: when you click on a title or perform a search, you will be taken to the corresponding page on sheet music plus.
        click "add to shopping cart" link or button to put the product you want into your electronic "shopping cart". if you want to add more products, you can use sheet music plus' own search or use your back button to return to this page to find the products you are interested in.
        products already in the shopping cart will still be there when you return.
pricing: though we work hard to keep the listed prices up to date, there may be cases where the price of an item listed at threechords.com differs from the price listed at sheet music plus. in those cases, the price listed at sheet music plus is always the accurate one.
payment: there are several safe ways to pay for your order: by credit card, online; credit card, offline or by check or money order. safe shopping is 100% guaranteed.
satisfaction guarantee: no questions asked. take 30 days after your order has been shipped to make sure you are satisfied. if not, return any product and you will get a full refund. shipping costs are also refunded if the return is due to sheet music plus' error or the product is defective.

© 2000–2009, www.threechords.com.
      




