 

  kameleon tekstildesign with kameleon quilts patterns for sale
 











 

 


 welcome to





 
at kameleon tekstildesign you can see quilts and patterns from norway
 by designer eldrid røyset førde
 

here you can see the unique kameleon quilts which can change their looks by
    buttoning the three-dimensional flaps in different directions and in different combinations

 

kameleon quilt no 1 "night and day" -
these are just two of the many looks, - the flaps can be buttoned in millions of combinations.


at the kameleon quilt
 pages you can see and read more about the different kameleon quilts.


if you are unfamiliar with the kameleon quilt concept, go to the
 animated version
to see how one of the quilts works.

below is also a small video that shows how the kameleon quilt no 2 can change:

 





  
 gallery
in the gallery you can see photos of both new and older work.  there are several kameleon quilts,a few  bargello quilts,  and also liturgical textiles.  



   







downloadable patterns

we now have some patterns available for automatic download.

bargello dancing flames bed quilt to the left.


the mosaic circles pattern to the right is also one of our downloadable pdf-patterns. the quilt consists of small pieces cut free hand from fabric strips and fused to a background in a circular pattern.


as we run out of printed patterns, some more of our best sellers are converted to domnloadable pdf-patterns.

two more added october 2020.

go here to see all our downloadable patterns, and to start the download process.








fabric prints

coastal scenes from norway printed on cotton fabric.
eight different motifs for sale

more information about the motifs.

inspirational sources for the print motifs







photos printed on fabric
here you can see some quilts where digital images printed on fabric is part of the design, plus some information regarding the printing process.

result of 10 years fading test.








 patterns
patterns are available for some of my quilts.
there are patterns for all the kameleon quilts and a couple of bargello and applique patterns.
some of the patterns have also been translated to dutch and german.



all patterns are now available in german, including the "ormen lange" and "in my heart"


go here for patterns in norwegian.








 
 free patterns

 easy bag with photo fabric panels.

also:
easy advent calendar.
foundation pieced crazy style heart block where you can include photos.
instructions for making a design wall.

calculator   for calculating the size of setting triangles.







 
 
     quilts made by others

from my patterns or during classes.







pages last updated on july 24th 2021 










go to norwegian pages   



 home 



 about me 




 kameleon quilts 



 gallery 



 patterns and prints for sale 
         



 works in progress 
        



 inspiration 



 photos on fabric 
        



 quilts and computers 
        



 quilts by others 
        



free patterns   



  



 links 



 contact me 



 

my kameleon blog
most of the stuff about inspiration and work in progress will be going on here.













home |
           about me |
            kameleon quilts |
           gallery |
         patterns and prints for sale |
            work in progress |
                 inspiration |
                photos on fabric |
            quilts and computers |
                  quilts by others |
                  free patterns  |
                   links |
                   contact me |


top



 


© 2002-2020  eldrid røyset førde








