











welcome to santa barbara hikes! | santa barbara hikes





skip to main content







user menu




log in













santa barbara hikesgreat day hikes in santa barbara























main menu





toggle sub-menu





home




hikes




frontcountry hikes




beach hikes




wilderness hikes




sierra club hikes





gorp




about




adventures




wildflowers




photo albums




ultralight gear lists

































































welcome to santa barbara hikes!


santa barbara has some of the best hiking anywhere, and lots of it!lots of hiking trails are listed here with directions to the trailhead. plus pictures, blog posts and more.







announcementi have at long last updated the website. many things have moved and have been removed. i'm sorry for the inconvenience.





trail closure infofind out which trails are open or closed here: los padres national forest regional trail & road status





meetups & groupssierra club santa barbara meetupsanta barbara county hikers meetupsanta barbara hikers facebook group





diane's big adventures

more adventures »




lpfa work trip on the sespeposted on january 16, 2024i went on an lpfa work trip to repair a slide on the sespe trail. it was hard work and a good time. i hope to do more of these. if you are interested in going on a work trip you can find more information on the lpfa events calendar.






more adventures »







frontcountry hikes



7 falls 
aliso canyon trail
arroyo burro trail
buena vista trail
cathedral peak
cold spring trail and montecito peak
franklin trail
gaviota peak and hot spring
inspiration point from tunnel trail
jesusita trail to inspiration point
little pine mountain and 19 oaks
lizard's mouth
mcmenemy/saddlerock/girard loop
rattlesnake trail and the connector
red rock
romero canyon trail
san ysidro trail
steven's park to jesusita
tunnel trail
west fork and tangerine falls









beach hikes



arroyo burro beach
carpinteria bluffs
coronado butterfly preserve
refugio to el capitan state beach









wilderness hikes



hell's half acre/mckinley peak
lost valley trail
manzana narrows 
manzana schoolhouse and dabney cabin 
potrero trail to hurricane deck 
white ledge loop









santa barbara weather santa ynez weather 












good blogs



hike los padresexploring the los padres national forest1,257 miles of trails on 1,762,400 acres, with 875,000 acres of protected wilderness to explore. visit this website for the latest trip and water reports and trail conditions in the los padres national forest.go to website





los padres forest association

go to website







los padres forest watch



lopez dam: setting the record straightanswers to frequently asked questions related to the lopez dam lawsuit and what it means for our… more →posted: february 10, 2025
house passes “fix our forests act”—but does it protect communities?legislators in washington d.c. use the la wildfires to push legislation that unravels our nation… more →posted: february 01, 2025
119th congress & the new administration   congress has an ambitious agenda to redefine its work portfolio with attacks on our country's… more →posted: january 22, 2025
honoring president carter’s central coast environmental legacyfrom the santa lucia and ventana wilderness areas, president carter leaves an indelible mark on… more →posted: january 09, 2025
2024 top accomplishmentswith our generous supporters by our side, we have accomplished some remarkable victories… more →posted: december 13, 2024




go to website







moments in dirt and ink



hikes of 2024 baduwa't flood plain and bluffs; mad river bluffs: feb 28
 me'tsko river and beach and… more →posted: december 31, 2024
treated water for car campingfor backpacking, i have a water filter system where i can attach a "dirty water" bag full of water… more →posted: december 24, 2024
arcata ridge trailarcata community forest



click for map

i thought i could at least get a little hike together to… more →posted: december 19, 2024
all the forest service lands mapped on your handheld with fsbasemap and s1 mobile appfrom time to time i'll mention that the "forest service topo shows" this or "indicates" that, but… more →posted: december 16, 2024




go to website







jack elliott's santa barbara adventure



the economy of direction and sharing of secret placesclouds over the santa ynez mountains, december 14, 2024. akin to the asperitas clouds of november,… more →posted: january 08, 2025
mandalas through the looking glassi lay simmering in a scalding hot puddle beneath a gurgling pipe, heart fluttering, riding a rocket… more →posted: january 06, 2025




go to website







farewell to spring

go to website







lost in the los padres

go to website














unless otherwise noted, all content, images and photos © diane soini  this website is for entertainment purposes only.





footer menu




contact








design by adaptive theme










