   leashes and lovers | where dog lovers meet    

facebook


x
homeaboutnewsletter sign up



the bookblogbreedsfan videosfetchadatepressspeakercontact us

select page


leashes and lovers – the bookunleash the secrets to a better life…with the help of your dog!order now!everyone wants love – let your dog lead the way. make your free profile now!click here to fetchadate!hey media! count on sheryl matthys, the dog expert & the dog lovers matchmaker for a fun and informative interview.see press clips here!need a speaker for your event?sheryl “speaks!”speaker infoleashes and lovers – the bookwatch the book trailer!leashes and lovers in the newsorder in paperbackdownload in 60 sec. to any devicepersonalized for you or as a gift   leashes and lovers, the book testimonials
read why people love it!
love me, love my dog has never been more true than in the pages of leashes and lovers. we are always learning from our dogs and what they haven’t taught us yet, sheryl matthys will. 
susan simspublisher, fido friendly magazine
for dog owners, leashes and lovers is a cut above th rest when it comes to improving your life and relationships with those around you. 
jorge benderskydog stylist, animal planet's celebrity 
finally a book that takes the words right out of my dog’s mouth! leashes and lovers just validated the reason why i call my dog sasha, ‘the love of my life’…and when you read sheryl’s book, you too will wonder why it took so long for someone to write about what all dog lovers need!. 
julie banderashost , fox news channelmore dog lovers testimonialsclick here latest blogs
tips to avoid spooking your dog on halloweenby sheryl matthys | oct 25, 2011 | dog tales: what's in the news about dogs!costumes only if it’s fun for your pet don’t put your pets in costume, unless you know they enjoy it. if your pet loves being dressed up, be sure the costume you choose isn’t constricting, unsafe or annoying, since this can add stress to your pet. be wary of costumes...read more
fight canine cancerby sheryl matthys | oct 17, 2011 | canine care, health, & behavior: for you and your dogrose springer
november, 2011
aimee quemuel, a writer based in ventura, calif., did not know a thing about canine cancer when her 11-year-old golden retriever,read more
which dog breeds are most at risk for swallowing nonfood itemsby sheryl matthys | oct 13, 2011 | canine care, health, & behavior: for you and your dogbrad kloza oct. 2011   carl greenhous’ english bull terrier, toby, had a strange obsession with dental floss. with every chance he got, the canine rummaged through the bathroom trash bin and picked out only the used strands of floss. “he would usually poop it...read moremore dog lovers blogsclick here the bookblogpresscontact

facebook


x
copyright © 2017-2025 leashes and lovers         



