









holy trinity devonport | anglican church in auckland, nz






















































skip to content













menu


about

welcome
our team
history
compliance
contact us


worship

services
live stream
sermons


get connected

i’m new
upcoming events
children and youth
prayer support


giving

donations
bequests
food bank
community shop


life events

weddings
funerals


venue hire
 

























 
slide 1welcomewe'd love you to join us this sunday.
slide 2host your next event with us!we can cater for a wide range of functions, from wedding receptions, birthday parties, conferences and more.
see more detailsslide 3weddings at holy trinitycelebrate your commitment before god with a ceremony especially tailored for you.
learn more 



 















worshipwith us






worship with us









sundays 8am and 9:30am, wednesdays 10am










sunday live stream


















upcoming events








 

 



youth alpha | starting sunday, 9 february at 7pm


youth group is for anyone aged 13-18 and starts on sunday, 9 february at 7pm at the vicarage. this term we will be doing the alpha course. the course doesn’t assume any knowledge of christianity, so it is suitable for friend and guests. if you know of high school age who would like to join in, then they would be most welcome to join us. talk to chris or verity or for more information contact: vicar@htdevonport.org.nz






 

 



connect supper | friday, 21 february at 7pm


if you have joined our parish within the past 6 months, we’d love to extend an invitation to a welcome dinner, where we can get to know you and share more about church life and community.






 

 



lent school of faith | starting wednesday, 5 march


the lent school of faith is set to commence on wednesday, 5 march and will run for six weeks. there will be two sessions: one at 2pm in the church lounge and another at 7pm, also in the church lounge. this year’s theme is “how to read the bible.” there is no need to register; just mark the dates for now.

























looking for a venue for your next event?






holy trinity parish hall has been recently renovated to provide a stunning and versatile space for any occasion. whether you’re planning a wedding, corporate event, family reunion, or a community gathering, our hall is the ideal setting.







learn more


















are you new here?






we are a community of people committed to knowing jesus and making jesus known.







learn more






























stay in the loop






sign up to learn about upcoming events.













leave this field empty if you're human: 









 











contacts

20 church streetdevonportauckland 0624

get directions

09 445 0328operations@htdevonport.org.nz

quick links
services
venue hire
prayer support
donations

stay connected

subscribe to our newsletter




leave this field empty if you're human: 

facebook
youtube
 





© 2024 holy trinity devonport. all rights reserved. privacy policy 




scroll to top









