     salem group dealer in salem va - new and used group dealership roanoke cave spring hollins lafayette va                                 



























service
map
contact













hart motors




      call 540-444-4444   directions    
                  new vehicles   new vehicles   search all inventory   search new kia's   search new gmc's   start your custom order     pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   we buy cars     specials   vehicle specials   service & parts specials   hart bargains     body shop   service & parts   service department   schedule service    order parts   maintenance schedule   service & parts financing     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   we buy cars     get pre-approved   about us   contact us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   hours & directions   hart motors bbb review   covid 19                      home   new vehicles   new vehicles   search all inventory   search new kia's   search new gmc's   start your custom order     pre-owned vehicles   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   we buy cars     specials   vehicle specials   service & parts specials   hart bargains     body shop   service & parts   service department   schedule service    order parts   maintenance schedule   service & parts financing     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   we buy cars     get pre-approved   about us   contact us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   hours & directions   hart motors bbb review   covid 19          



2024 gmc sierra 1500 sle special




  








hart pre-owned outlet
1319 east main st. salem va 24153
(540) 444-4444-->

















shop by make



visit website



visit website



      search new inventory     search used inventory          service department our service department offers the best in automotive service to our customers. our state-of-the-art facility features the most current diagnostic and repair equipment available and our highly skilled factory-trained technicians will deliver efficient, quality vehicle care. schedule service                                                                                                                                       
hart motor company 
the heart of the valley since 1937

the year was 1937. disney released "snow white and the seven dwarfs" during this year, and it was also the debut year for daffy duck. howard hughes broke the transcontinental flight speed record by flying from los angeles to newark in a little over seven hours, and the golden gate bridge was opened to the public. ronald reagan starred in his first movie, and "the hobbit" was first published over in britain.
here in our little corner of the world, emmett p hart opened his first car dealership in salem, virginia. what started out as a small oldsmobile dealership quickly grew into the best destination to find the perfect vehicle. this was thanks to mr. hart's goals of offering competitive deals at the best price while conducting business in a personable and honest manner. now, over eighty years later, we continue our drive to meet mr. hart's original vision through present-day brands and technologies. now in its fourth generation of family ownership, hart motor company offers an extensive inventory of new gmc and kia models, with an additional wide range of dependable pre-owned vehicles available at all of our locations. if you're in the market for a new or used car, truck, van or suv, we have the new, pre-owned or certified pre-owned vehicle you're looking for at the lowest price.
at hart motor company, customers are our number one priority, whether you're as close as our roanoke and salem neighbors or as far away as our radford, christiansburg or martinsville families. coming over from as far away as lynchburg, covington or smith mountain lake? be sure to call or email us ahead of time, as we will have what we can ready for you when you get here.
whether you're in the market for buying a car, leasing a truck or van, getting service on any make or model of vehicle you can imagine - we service what we sell - or getting your vehicle repaired after a collision at our ase and i-car certified repair center, you can be sure you're getting the best quality, the best value and the highest service value for your dollar.
no matter what you're looking for, you can find it here or we can find it for you. shop smart, shop hart.
                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | hart motors | 1341 e main st, salem, va 24153 | hart kia: 540-444-4444             
















        