
















nutrition | campus health
















      skip to main content
    
















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 




















 
make an appointmenthours: mon-fri 8am-4:30pm (wed 9am-4:30pm)campus health: 520-621-9202caps: 520-621-3334location








 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


about

overview
are you eligible for services at campus health?
conference room reservation
confidentiality, patient rights & responsibilities
diversity & inclusion
faqs
feedback, questions, & reporting concerns
get involved
meet our staff
news
notice of privacy practices for protected health information
phone, location & hours
we've got data



services

academic absences & withdrawals
counseling & psych services
health promotion
immunizations
lab testing
lgbtq+ health
medical records
nutrition
primary care
physical therapy
referrals
sti/std testing
sports medicine
travel clinic
urgent care
women's health
x-ray



appointments


fees & insurance

overview
charges, billing & payment
commercial health insurance plans
campuscare
dental & vision care options
international students
student discounted rate
student health insurance plan
arizona online, southern az & distance learner students



employees


new students

first-year students
graduate students
international students
parents
transfer students
arizona online students



emergency & after hours


give























nutrition










 






nutrition services at campus healthwe make nutrition approachable with compassionate and individualized support. 










 




1:1 nutrition counseling with registered dietitians nutrition is not one size fits all. we aim to take the stress out of eating and promote a healthy relationship with food and movement. get support with:  •   navigating nutrition as a college student•   eating disorders/disordered eating •   gastrointestinal (gi) issues •   food allergies/intolerances •   sports/performance nutrition•   elevated cholesterol/blood pressure •   prediabetes/diabetes management •   nutrient deficiencies  •   polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos) •   and more! call us at 520-621-9202 to schedule your in-person or virtual appointment with a dietitian.










what students are saying






 




compassionate & non-judgemental"{the dietitian} is amazing, compassionate, and non-judgmental clinician. she is an excellent listener and very helpful to brainstorm with. i really appreciate how she is willing to troubleshoot and work with me."






exceptional guidance & experience "{the dietitian} was excellent. i want to express my heartfelt appreciation for her exceptional guidance and expertise in refining my nutrition needs. her informative approach and consideration of all lifestyle factors have truly made a positive impact on my approach to nutrition. thanks to her dedication and support, i can see i will be able to achieve my health goals."






helped repair my relationship with food"i love {the dietitian}! she helped me so much in repairing my relationship with food, especially as an on-the-go college student."












meet the dietitians


image
 




lisa macdonald, mph, rdnnutrition counselor & nutrition services manageradvisor for everybody arizona520-621-4550lmacdonald@arizona.edu


image
 




caitlin mckenna, psm, rdnnutrition counselor advisor for cooking on campus520-626-6265caitlinmckenna@arizona.edu 












request a nutrition presentationour dietitians can bring interactive presentations to your dorm, classroom, and/or club. nutrition topics can be adapted to your audience as needed.  request a nutrition presentation 






 
student-led nutrition programs


image
 




everybody arizona empowers students to challenge weight stigma and embrace body, food and movement neutrality.everybody arizona


image
 




gain confidence in the kitchen and learn basic cooking skills through simple, affordable, and nutritious meals.  cooking on campus


 






data & resourcescollege is a time of change and also a time where students are especially susceptible to disordered eating which can lead to the development of eating disorders. knowing the data and resources available early on can help improve a student's health and wellbeing.













student data below is data from our health and wellness survey with information on the prevalence of food and body image concerns on our campus. 31% of students suffer from disordered eating44% of students compare their food/body to social  media62% of students reported that weight affects the way they feel about themselves. on/off-campus resourcesnot sure where to start? contact nutrition services at 520-621-5700 or counseling & psych services (caps) at 520-621-3334. 






 





                      eating disorder information
                  
learn more about general facts about eating disorders.  are you a parent concerned about your child's eating habits? here is a helpful toolkit for parents.  do you have a friend or loved one you feel is struggling with food or body image? here are some ideas for supporting a friend or loved one. 







                      nutrition counseling at campus health
                  
our registered dietitians provide counseling for a variety of nutrition-related concerns. around 75% of the students we see show disordered eating/eating disorder behaviors.







                      virtual eating disorder support groups
                  
many eating disorder treatment centers offer free and virtual support groups. here are a few: alsana center for discoveryanadeating disorder foundationeating recovery center







                      on campus food & mood drop-in support group
                  
free, weekly drop-in space to discuss food and body image. more information about  food & mood







                      caps
                  
counseling & psych services (caps) provides brief counseling for mental health concerns, including eating disorders. 







                      bella vita tucson
                  
a local organization that helps tucson's adolescents and families with eating disorders process at no charge. learn more about bella vita tucson here. 




































 
about | people | calendar | privacy practices | contact | staff login






social media menu


twitter


facebook


instagram


youtube


















we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














