








summerwinds - a tribute to the hardworking horses of the world






































 skip to content 






homeabout
abused horses – how to recognize equine abuse
contact
privacy policy


 

 summerwinds a tribute to the hardworking horses of the world 
 

homeaboutabused horses – how to recognize equine abusecontactprivacy policy 


















facts about horses

tips on how to groom your horse 


by

alice alvarez




june 29, 2017
july 20, 2017

0 


regularly grooming your horse is an essential activity to keep your horse’s coat in top condition. grooming removes dirt and dust, and brings out natural oils, resulting in a shiny, healthy looking coat.
using a pet hair vacuum

these days, horse owners who don’t have a lot of time will find a pet hair vacuum suitable for horses (they are similar to the ones you might use to remove dog hair) a useful tool. but if you can spare an extra half-hour or so, here are some tips on how to keep your horse well groomed.
 
grooming is also the best time for carefully check over your horse’s body for any cuts, bumps or parasites. regular grooming will also provide a bonding opportunity between you and your horse. read on for a step-by-step guide on grooming.
your grooming kit

your basic grooming kit should contain a curry comb, stiff brush, soft bristled brush, comb, hoof pick, and soft cloth or sponge. additional items can include first aid accessories, such as antiseptic, cotton wool, and barrier cream.
secure your horse
make sure that you secure your horse within a secure grooming area, by tethering its halter loosely to a post, or wall bracket. tethering is of particular importance if your horse has a whimsical nature. taking the time to gently tether is a good precaution against possible kicks or trampling.
this video has some useful tips on how to tether a horse.

comb and brush
your grooming technique is essential. put aside approximately 30 minutes to groom your horse, and never groom in a hurry. horses are mood sensitive and can become jittery if they sense that you are in a hurry, so make your grooming sessions a relaxing time for both you and your horse.
the first grooming technique you should use is a combination of the curry comb and stiff-bristled brush. with the carrying combing in one hand and the bristled brush in the other, run the stiff brush gently over the entire coat in quick circular motions to remove specks of dirt.
clean behind the ears
every few strokes of the brushes use the curry combs to remove loose hair and dirt. remember to clean around the ears too, but make sure to use lighter, gentler strokes, as the ears are susceptible.
do not use the stiffer brush over the face, belly, lower legs, or spinal area, as it may be painful to your horse. next, switch over to the soft-bristled brush and gently stroke behind the ears and over the entire coat.
the soft-bristled brush can also be used on the soft areas such as the face and belly, and hard parts such as the legs and spinal area.
how to comb a horse’s tail
next, brush or comb the tail and mane, working from the end of the hair towards the base. then, clean the hooves next with the hoof pick, removing any mud, stones, and debris.
lastly, wipe around the horse’s ears, eyes and nostrils with the soft cloth or sponge.
check for cuts
remember that grooming is your opportunity to check for any cuts, lumps, bumps, swelling or injuries, so pay close attention while grooming, and make time to gently run your hands over all of your horse’s body.
additionally, you can use de-tangling spray on the mane and tail, and use hoof conditioner on your horse’s hooves. ask your farrier what product they recommend.
regularly grooming your horse will help keep the bond between you both, and make sure any potential problems are discovered early. with your horse in good health you can then enjoy riding together, be it everyday horse riding, horse trail riding, or equestrian sports.







 






facts about horses

10 popular types of horses in the usa 


by

alice alvarez




june 23, 2017
june 23, 2017

0 


the horse is an icon of american culture, made popular by westerns. here are 10 popular horse breed in usa.
 1. friesian horse
 

 
originating from netherlands, this horse breed is light, agile, as well as graceful. modern friesians are not pure breeds. this breed was used in war throughout the ages.
2. clydesdale horse

originating from scotland this breed of horse has distinct white spots on their chest, feet, and nose. in recent times, clydesdale horses have became popular after it appeared in a budweiser commercial.
3. mustang horse

originated in america, the mustang is a type of horse breed is found in the western part of the united states. they are the descendants of a spanish breed that has developed their own charm.
4. palomino horse

the palomino horse is a breed of horse with a beautiful chestnut body color. these magnificent horses are often seen in movies and tv shows.
5. appaloosa horse

originating from north america, with a diverse background of genes, the appaloosa has a signature leopard pattern, white sclera, and molting skin around their eyes. the versatility and docile nature of this horse breed makes them a popular type of horse for equestrian activities.
6. andalusian horse

originated in iberian peninsula, this type of horse had spanish predecessors that were used as gift for the bureaucrats. their strong built and speed made them a sought-after war horse during the middle ages.
7. thoroughbred horse

originating in england, in the 18th and 19th centuries, this is a breed which you see at race courses. like their arabian ancestors, they are used as race horse, for barrel racing, jumping, and fox hunting.
8. arabian horse

originating in the middle east, this type of horse has a distinctive head and body shape, and a proud tail carriage. arabian horses have endurance and spirit.
9. quarter horse

originating in the usa, this breed is one of the most popular types of horses in america. the american quarter horse association is the world’s largest breed registry. these horses are often spotted in western events, like roping, cutting, and barrel racing. they also are excellent race horses.
10. tennessee walker horse

originated in the northern part of the usa, the tennessee walker is another popular horse breed. in the 18th and 19th centuries, this type of horse was used for agriculture.







 






facts about horses

adopting an abused horse 


by

alice alvarez




june 21, 2017
june 21, 2017

0 


are you a horse lover? do you have the heart to offer love and care to horses in need? if yes, then adopting a neglected or abused horse can be one of the most rewarding things you can do.
unfortunately, the world is full of people who mistreat innocent animals, like cats, dogs, and horses. many horses are beaten, forced to carry heavy loads, or mistreated with lack of shelter, food, water and care. it’s no wonder ill-treated horses lose all the trust in human beings.
rescuing horses from cruelty and ignorance is a noble thing to do. however, it’s a time-consuming process to teach the abused horses to trust humans again. if you’re willing to persevere, what you’ll receive in return is well worth the effort.
things you need to consider before adopting a horse
before investing your money, time and emotion behind taking care of an abused horse, you need to find a horse from a reputable source.  there are many non-profit sanctuaries for abused horses across the nation where you can find a horse that needs your help.
the first thing to do is to make sure you’re making a responsible decision by adopting an abused horse. make sure you’re absolutely committed to looking after a horse. if you’re even a tiny bit confused about whether you have the time or money to care for an abused horse, then you need to review your own situation.
rescuing an abused horse
once you’re sure that this is the course you want to take you can start searching horses for adoption. check out the reputation and background of the organization you’re dealing with and would like to adopt a rescue horse.
ask for veterinary consultation
a good horse adoption agency will provide vet checks during the adoption process with a review of the horse’s previous and current physical status. you should also ask for an appointment with a vet so that within 24 hours of adoption, you can take the horse to the doctor and know how to make a nutrition chart, plan right exercise program.
be prepared for behavior training challenges
an abused horse is one that might have experienced human cruelty before being rescued. so do not assume anything about the behavior of the horse you are going to adopt. it may take a while for the horse to learn to trust you. you’ll need a lot of patience and kindness to help the horse get over its traumatic experiences.
if you keep these things in mind before jumping in and adopting an abused horse, the journey can be a rewarding one. so, take a step forward and give a needy horse a loving home. if you do it with a good heart you’ll be rewarded tenfold.







 






facts about horses

facts about horses in the usa 


by

alice alvarez




june 20, 2017
june 21, 2017

0 


before horses were domesticated, all horses were wild animals moving in large herds across vast grasslands. the early horse, also known as the dawn horse, originated in north america. the dawn horse, american camel, wooly mammoth, and the saber tooth tiger all belonged to the prairie class of animals.
facts about horses history in the usa
presently, the horse is the only animal that is still alive today among the four animals. over time, the horse migrated to other parts of the world including, portugal and spain and developed into the worthy animal we have today known as equine/equus. as a result of climate change in america, the early horses greatly reduced in numbers and some migrated to warmer coastlines.
the horse was first domesticated in the black sea region over 4000 years ago which marked a significant change in the history of transportation, warfare, and exploration of the world. according to usda census conducted in 2005, there are about nine million horses in the usa, mostly used for riding.
horses were domesticated about 4000 years ago to use for warfare, husbandry, food and transportation. however, in the past a few centuries, horses ploughed the fields. today, horse breeds have changed to suit modern circumstances, such as riding, competitive sport, transportation, tourism and as pets. here’s an interesting study about america’s wild horses conducted by the fort collins science center.
the common horse breeds in america are:
arabian horse
also known as an arab, the arabian is thought to be one of the oldest breeds of horses and has contributed to the genetic origins of the american quarter horse and the thoroughbred.
averagely, this horse breed stands from 14.2 and 15.2 hands high and weighs between 800 to 1,000 pounds with a strong build.
this high spirited horse is easy to spot with its distinctive small, concaved face, pointed ears , and a proud tail carriage. the arabian performs well in the endurance world.
american quarter horse
this american breed is arguably the most popular in the usa. it’s the fastest breed of horse over short distances. today, the american quarter horse is a popular mount for both trail and competition.
appaloosa horse
the appaloosa originated in the nez perce native american tribe in the pacific northwest. it’s popular for its classic spotted coats that come in various patterns. this breed is hardy, tough, independent, and sure-footed with sparse manes and a big body.
american paint horse
this horse breed in the usa features a unique combination of the characteristics of the western stock horse and the colors of a pinto. like the quarter house, it can be found in all disciplines from english to western and pleasure riding to roping. this breed features beautiful markings that are defined by their distinctive patterns that include tobiano, overo, and sabino.
thoroughbred horse
the thoroughbred is commonly associated with horse racing. they are used as hunters and jumpers, and as mounts for dressage, fox and polo hunting. an average thoroughbred stands between 60” to 68”at the shoulder and weighs from 1,000 to 1,200 pounds with a lean build.
other types of horse breeds in america include tennessee walker, morgan, paint, miniature horse, warmblood and andalusian.







 

 



recent posts


tips on how to groom your horse


10 popular types of horses in the usa


adopting an abused horse












back to top powered by fluida &   wordpress.  















