




home - first united methodist church of park ridge











































































 










menu

i’m new here

i’m new here
your connection card
contact us


about us

beliefs
our ministries

faith formation
outreach


staff
from the pastor’s heart
partners
members: planned giving
donations
event space rental
contact us


calendar

calendar
fumc events
schedule


 










welcoming all.





first united methodist church of park ridge


418 west touhy avenue
park ridge, illinois 60068
847.825.3144
rev. scott himel, pastor



 



 














love sunday 2025

please join us and the women of uwfaith in welcoming candice klopfenstein, who is our featured speaker during love sunday worship on february 16 at 9:30 am.
candice is an award-winning children’s book author and mosaic artist. through her writing and art, she desires to connect others with hope and beauty. within her art practice, candice creates mosaic art from stained glass, smalti glass, natural stone, and found objects such as shell fragments and beach glass, creating beauty from brokenness. in addition to her studio practice, leading art workshops for others who have experienced loss or trauma has been a deeply rewarding part of her creative journey. her artwork has been on display in various exhibitions throughout the us, and internationally.
candice’s journey of writing the children’s book “the place where i belong” began when she was an in-home tutor for a newly arrived refugee family. through this and other connections with the local refugee community, she came to understand the fundamental desire of people everywhere to have a secure and peaceful place to call home. her personal journey of belonging has led her to create ways for others to experience a life full of peace, hope, joy, and laughter, to reaffirm value and bring hope to children and families everywhere.




 



 







worship. learn. serve.





you're invited.


sunday sanctuary worship at 9:30 am, which is also live streamed on youtube and shared on social media sunday afternoon.
each service includes time of reflection and prayer, scripture readings, a powerful message, and singing. our music is a blend of traditional wesleyan hymns and contemporary praise songs.
open table communion meal is offered on the first sunday of each month. all are invited to help lead our services through singing and reading as liturgists.


faith formation for all ages.


children 3 years old to 5th grade  our current children’s curriculum is cokesbury kids “big faith”.  children may join us in-person or virtually from home. if you are attending in person, the children will leave the 9:30 am worship service after the children’s message, and head to our classrooms.  if you prefer to join virtually, we will provide the information and materials you need to connect and join the class. in person, at home, or hybrid, we are here for you! 


more...youth  our youth are learning creative discipleship through follow me: biblical practices for faithful living, as they focus on connecting bible stories to contemporary issues they face in everyday life.
adult study  sunday morning and weekday evening online classes on a variety of topics continue to refresh us in faith. contact the church office or our pastor for a current schedule.
 












compassion in action.


service opportunities open to all members and friends include meals to healthcare workers, support of local food pantries, creation of face coverings for anyone in need, prayer squares for first responders, care for the clients of avenues to independence, and outreach to the most vulnerable neighbors: the homeless, refugees, and the unemployed.


more...we continue to partner in service to methodist agencies and community organizations including umcor, justice for our neighbors, exodus world service, feed my starving children, the night ministry, new hope community food pantry, international health partners, church world service, reconciling ministries network, and kids above all.
 

 



 














february 9, 2025 • fifth sunday after epiphany
“which religion is the best?”
series: tough questions (week 4)




 
											visit our youtube worship video channel									




 



 






spiritual growth. compassionate service.







						faith formation					

an overview of our programs for all ages.














						worship					

you are invited! what to expect when you visit us.














						beliefs					

making disciples for christ in the wesleyan tradition.














						ministries					

living out god’s love in compassionate service.














						events					

check out our upcoming activities.














						donations					

help support our continuing ministries.














						staff					

meet our dedicated church staff.














						pastor's page					

our pastor’s thoughts and reflections.









 
											read our latest church e-newsletter!									




 



 






 
418 w. touhy avenue
park ridge, illinois 60068
office@parkridgeumc.org
847.825.3144

 

first umc park ridge we are a christian community spreading god’s love and welcoming all, offering spiritual growth and opportunities for compassionate service.

welcoming all. we see all persons as created in the image of god and bearing sacred worth and dignity. we invite all persons to participate fully in the life of our church regardless of their age, race, ethnic background, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental condition, marital status, family situation, economic standing, or citizenship status.

connect with us! 


 





                copyright 2025, first united methodist church of park ridge. all rights reserved worldwide.  
            




























