





presbyterian support new zealand - psnz















































































menu


home
our services

enliven aged care
family works social services
advocacy work
shine
lifeline
strengthening communities
the tindall foundation


about us

who we are
meet our team
news


get involved

koha – why we need you to make a donation
leave a bequest


contact




search








donate









menu



 






 







 







 







 







 







 

previous



next

tauāwhina o perehipitīriana aotearoa | presbyterian support new zealandtakihua takimano | making a difference togetherpsnz’s vision is for empowered and connected whānau and communities. our mission is to foster wellbeing through advocacy and support. our services for tamariki and their whānau are provided by family works, while services for older people are provided by enliven.

 ko wai mātou/about us


 







advocacy work
speaking out for equity and social justice
we represent our workforces and raise our voice on behalf of those we support, to aid and inform better policy and decision making.
advocacy work




 







family works social services
building strong families and connected communities
family works believes in empowering children, families, whānau and communities so they can flourish and reach their full potential.
about family works




 







enliven aged care services
supporting older people to thrive
enliven provides a variety of aged care and community services that support older people to have companionship, choice and independence, variety and fun, meaningful activity and purpose in their lives.
about enliven









find your nearest service
click on the map

                            presbyterian support                








































































 







 



strengthening communities
working together to respond to community needs and nurture the wellbeing of tamariki and whānau in aotearoa.


find out more

 



meet our team
meet our dedicated and passionate team who empower people, families and communities every day.


learn more

 



the tindall foundation
psnz is a local donation manager for the tindall foundation, achieving positive outcomes for communities.
applications for funding open in may 2025.


learn more


psnz newsview all
 


happy 140th anniversary presbyterian support northern
to commemorate how far we’ve come in this region, discuss the current issues we face and more, please have a
read more

 


psnz | fwnz annual report 2023-24
click here to read our 2023-24 annual report at a glance enliven services at a glance family works services for
read more

 


housing insecurity in aotearoa for older people
in-depth analysis and a poster diagram on public housing register applications and emergency housing special needs grants amongst new zealanders
read more


how can we help?
if you would like to know more about our services, or would like to make a donation, please get in touch.04 473 5025

whakapā | contact us
 












takihua takimano | making a difference togetherhelp everyday new zealanders thrive, even through difficult times.
koha | donation 

contact
donate
royal commission
privacy policy


copyright 2021 presbyterian support new zealand. charities number cc10073. website built by superstar websites.















