










home - hereford equestrian












































 







 





skip to content






hereford equestrian
the leading equestrian website for west england & wales

 facebook   email   



menu


home
what’s on
shows and events
manage my events
add an event


classified ads
latest ads
place ad
edit your ad
jobs
property
horseboxes
diy livery & grazing
horses, ponies for sale & loan
horse & rider, tack & yard
forage & bedding
pets & livestock
miscellaneous


business & services directory
index
view all listings
livery yards
place an ad


more…
news
facebook posts
articles
ask the expert
blogs


advertise
contact
faqs


login / register
login
new user registration
sign up for e-newsletter
edit your classified ad
faqs & tips



















 

 



 










   what's onfind shows, events & training in the arearead more





   classified adsbuy and sell through the classified adsread more





   directoryfind businesses and services in the arearead more





   newslocal and national equestrian newsread more






   see our facebook posts 





  latest news 











   

mars badminton horse trials countdown

  13th january 2025  2025 is off to a flying start with the countdown to the mars badminton horse trials, with the opening of the box office and the promise of some thrilling, top-class equestrian competition in britain. spectators have the tantalising prospect of watching team gbr’s olympic gold medallists from paris in action on home ground, where they…


   

lemieux sponsors badminton grassroots championships

  4th december 2024  the mars badminton horse trials are excited to announce that lemieux are to become the title sponsor of the grassroots championships, set to commence in 2025. the lemieux grassroots championships, which will be held on tuesday 6th and wednesday 7th may 2025 prior to the international event, is the pinnacle for event riders competing at…


   

guide dogs announced as mars badminton horse trials’ charity of the year 2025

  29th november 2024  guide dogs has been selected as charity of the year for the 2025 mars badminton horse trials. taking place in gloucestershire from may 7th – 11th, badminton is amongst the largest horse trials held annually, attracting the world’s top eventers, and crowds of approximately 180,000. guide dogs is there to help the two million people…


   

british riding clubs seib search for a star champion takes the supreme your horse live title

  12th november 2024  the winner of the inaugural seib insurance brokers search for a star british riding clubs (brc) championship lifted the your horse live search for a star supreme title at stoneleigh park on saturday the 9th november 2024. daisy beards piloted her stunning grey connemara gelding, spinway colm to win the search for a star british…


   

equestrian documentary “horses & the science of harmony”

  25th october 2024  equestrian documentary “horses & the science of harmony” examines the nature of harmony between horse and rider through the eyes of bubby upton and through the lens of cutting-edge science. fairfield, ca oct 25, 2024 –  “horses and the science of harmony,” produced by uk equine performance specialist dr. sue dyson and us-based kathryn lauritzen…


   

success for the development squad in fontainebleau – competitive long distance riding

  25th october 2024  the endurance gb development squad are thrilled to report on the successful trip to fontainebleau, france. after considerable teamwork from the development squad management team, and generous sponsorship from andy and nicki thorne of kestrel liner agencies, the squad travelled four horse and rider combinations to compete across three classes, cei2*, cei1*, ceiyj1*. three out…


   

shropshire farmer wins seib search for a star at horse of the year show

  17th october 2024  a farmer and amateur rider from whitchurch has won the seib insurance brokers search for a star championship at the horse of the year show (hoys). irish sport horse, redshaw valentino (henry) was ridden to perfection by samantha lea on the 11th october under the bright lights of the hoys main arena to take the…


   

cardiff pair win at horse of the year show

  14th october 2024  new mum from cardiff, tori thomas, and a horse formerly trained by her cheltenham gold cup winning jockey husband have won a national title at the prestigious horse of the year show at the birmingham nec. tori and her horse, wonga swinger won the 2024 seib insurance brokers racehorse to riding horse series finale at…


fei eventing european championship 2025 to be held at blenheim palace

  14th october 2024  the agria blenheim palace international horse trials (gbr) has been awarded the fei eventing european championship for 2025. the event will take place from 18 to 21 september 2025. the oxfordshire venue, home of the duke of marlborough, previously ran the fei eventing european championship in 2005. it is the first senior eventing championship to…


cardiff pair win at horse of the year show

  11th october 2024  new mum from cardiff, tori thomas, and a horse formerly trained by her cheltenham gold cup winning jockey husband have won a national title at the prestigious horse of the year show at the birmingham nec. tori and her horse, wonga swinger won the 2024 seib insurance brokers racehorse to riding horse series finale at…
  
  













sign up for the hereford equestrian e-newsletter
we occasionally send an e-newsletter, so sign up to ensure you don't miss out!
  sign up 








 


ask the expertthere's a wealth of experience in our area. see the existing q&a's or ask a question




 


articlessee the articles published on hereford equestrian in this section






 get in touch love it, hate it, found something not working or have a suggestion? ....i'd like to hear from you! e. sally@herefordequestrian.co.uk

          



© 2023 · hereford equestrian · all rights reserved · terms & conditions | privacy policy | cookie policy · website design & build by sally newcombwe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.



necessary							
  necessaryalways enabled

 necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfoconsent1 yearrecords the default button state of the corresponding category & the status of ccpa. it works only in coordination with the primary cookie.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.


functional							
  functional

 functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.


performance							
  performance

 performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.


analytics							
  analytics

 analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. cookiedurationdescription_ga2 yearsthe _ga cookie, installed by google analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors._ga_ssxql1nfjz2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics._gat_gtag_ua_21672419_11 minuteset by google to distinguish users._gid1 dayinstalled by google analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.


advertisement							
  advertisement

 advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.


others							
  others

 other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. cookiedurationdescriptionwp_wpfileupload_577712c1113cb44faf3078bfecfd737f2 daysno description



 save & accept
powered by scroll to top 
  


                        


                          

 
 loading comments...
 

write a comment...


  email (required)    name (required)    website  

 

























































