











toy design, toy manufacturer, custom plush toys, custom candy, custom 
lollipops, toy safety, suckers






sm





 since 1966            

 






































                                                                             
           
welcome to rb toy
design, inc.
we invite you to
explore our website to see the exciting products and services we provide to the toy, 
consumer products and
promotional industry, such as custom designed and manufactured toys and 
consumer products, toy and 
housewares premiums, custom plush toys,
dolls and animals, custom molded dolls and accessories, electronics, highly decorated plastic items and 
figurines, custom candy dispensers & candy, custom lollipops (suckers), kites, 
3d cad product design and manufacturing, and toy
safety evaluation and consulting.  we also design and manufacture custom 
pharma (pharmaceutical) patient educational materials to authentic 
specifications.  don't forget to visit our toy museum & collectors corner™ to see and purchase
original premiums and package flats produced since 1958.








     




 
rb toy design at a glance ...


rb
    toy design, inc. provides a 1-stop turnkey solution to product design and toy design
    (incorporating 3d cad design), development, rapid prototyping (rp), 3d printing and additive manufacturing (am), toy
    manufacturing and consumer products manufacturing (domestic and overseas), 
  plush toys, dolls and animals, molded dolls, electronics, sewn items, toy safety and
    child safety testing, custom packaging and importing services (including freight).  


rb toy creates, designs, 
	develops and
    manufactures custom toys, plush toys, 
	molded dolls, electronics, toy premiums &
    housewares, custom candy dispensers, candy & lollipops and kites, for 
	small and major toy, candy and consumer
    food and products companies.

specialists in
    "child-safe" toys and premiums, tested to both u.s. astm f963-23, cpsc/cpsia and
    european en-71 standards.

custom toy design and
    consumer products design using 3d cad and rapid prototyping (rp), 
  3d printing and additive
    manufacturing (am) technologies. 

toy 
  and consumer products manufacturer, providing
    complete domestic and overseas manufacturing services, including shipping
    (air & ocean) and import processing.


pharma, 
	pharmaceutical patient education materials, custom designed to 
	authentic specifications.

candy & gum:
    custom made chewing gum, gumballs (printed and plain), hard and jelly candy, suckers and lollipops
    (custom shapes and sizes), gummy's, and custom printed wrappers, labels and 
  bags.   we can match any flavor, color and packaging requirements.   choice of
    artificial or natural flavors and 
  colors, and regular or eco-friendly
packaging.  certain minimums apply.  all our products are
    manufactured under stringent u.s. f.d.a. and u.s.d.a. guidelines, in both our domestic and
    overseas factories.

candy dispensers,
    custom designed and manufactured (to meet cpsc child-safety standards), including the
    packaging and counter displays.  



consultants,
    assisting you in the design and development process, child and toy safety parameters, and
    managing domestic and overseas manufacturing, shipping and import activities.
   

expert witness
    services:  our 58 years of experience in the toy and toy manufacturing
    industry (both domestic and overseas) allows us to evaluate and help determine the
    forensics of child safety and toy safety mishaps.  we work independently with
    companies, law firms and insurance companies to provide expert witness consulting and
    testimony in areas of product design, manufacturing, packaging, instructions, child
    safety, toy safety, etc.  please contact us and request a "cv" which
    outlines the experience and scope of the expert witness.



providing a host of engineering
    and presentation services, such as 3d cad design, drawings and layouts, computer
    animations, photo-realistic graphics, f.e.a. structural analysis, solid modeling
    (solidworks) and rapid prototyping services.

visit our toy
    premiums museum to see all the exciting premiums produced since 1958.  
    while you're there, check out collectors corner™ for a chance to
    purchase actual premiums and package flats left over from the original production runs.



member of society of
    manufacturing engineers (sme), society of plastic engineers (spe) and solidworks
    manufacturing network partner.











 
contact information:








     

  



telephone: 
847-577-5683
 
fax: 847-577-5683
 
postal address:
rb toy design, inc.
3838 chester drive
glenview, illinois 60026 usa
 
e-mail: 
general information: contact dennis at info@rbtoydesign.com
webmaster: webmaster@rbtoydesign.com

skype: rb.toy











 
 
web site development
by:










send mail to 
webmaster@rbtoy.com with questions or comments about
this web site.
copyright 1997-2022 rb toy design, inc., all rights reserved
last modified: 
october 08, 2024 


