



home - lakeside stable, poolesville, maryland, hunter/jumper, boarding, sales, montgomery co, md























 

home
about
services
gallery
contact us



 
























1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
responsive slider jquery by wowslider.com v8.2




 




 
great location!
located in upper montgomery county, within the montgomery county agricultural reserve, we are just 12 miles from leesburg va, 18 miles from frederick md, 65 miles from baltimore md and 38 miles from washington dc, making us easily accessible to the mid-atlantic region of the country.
read more


 
hightly flexible!
excelling in developing skills to allow your horse to become the partner you desire, lakeside stable's custom training programs can help you realize your riding goals - whether they be to win a class at washington, ride a     training level dressage test or overcome your fear of jumping.
 
read more


 
lots of amenities!
lakeside stable is dedicated to providing the best boarding and training services available. 
 
please come out and see our great facilities.
 
 
read more


 
home of georgetown equestrian team
lakeside stable is home of the georgetown university
              equestrian team.
 
 
 
 
read more

 






jeff becker
a lifelong horseman, jeff becker brings his extensive knowledge and understanding of the maryland horse industry to his clients and the horses in his care.
jeff has trained numerous horses and  students to compete successfully in local and rated company. he has  also competed extensively himself. 
he wants his students to learn and specializes in building confidence in adult and young adult riders starting or returning to the saddle.
read more
lakeside  stable
lakeside is a small and intimate full service facility where you and your horse our #1 priority!
with only a limited number of stalls available we are accepting students wishing to compete in local and rated shows or to advance their knowledge and enhance their trust in themselves and their horse!
reasonable rates with no hidden costs!
don't delay!  come visit us today!
read more




 






 
happy horses


 
happy clients


 
achievable goals


 
relaxed  atmosphere

 








about us
lakeside stable is conveniently located to the washington, d.c. western suburbs, including leesburg, virginia, germantown, potomac, and
		  frederick, maryland.

			  a full service training facility located in the heart of maryland's equestrian community, lakeside serves the training needs of hunters, jumpers, and equitation seat enthusiasts.


site map


home
about jefff becker
services
gallery
contact us




join us on facebook
 

contact us


 
18500 beallsville rd, poolesville, maryland 20837

 
(301) 461-3054
 
info@lakesidestable.com










â© 2015 lakeside stable. all rights reserved.  website by volte productions, llc




 