




home - eastover estate & eco-village : eastover estate & eco-village






















































































directions
1-866-264-5139
 




home
group rentals

facilities

history of eastover
the mansion
tally ho
mohawk studio
weddings




workshops & retreats

workshops & retreats
public events
community classes


healing arts services
book a room

the mansion
ranch house
west colonial
camping grounds
south gable
east colonial
the bunkers
cottages


eastover blog
contact us
 








 


 ink art exhibition – embracing ecological return: solar terms


scan to book august 27 – october rooms

scan to book june july aug rooms







 


 


 


 











upcoming retreats







view more

	notice: javascript is required for this content.












we are a holistic retreat center...



eastover is only minutes away from the cultural hotspot of downtown lenox. it is an ideal location for teachers, groups, organizations and companies to host retreats, workshops, and group events. it offers spacious studio facilities including yoga studios, meditation rooms, outdoor spaces, conference meeting rooms, and even a commercial kitchen for cooking classes.



we are eco-friendly...



eastover is eco-friendly with a new water treatment facility that reclaims every drop of water at the retreat center. it does so without chemicals and then sends the water back into the ground.
we emphasize a deep connection to the planet in everything we do. from a chicken and duck coop to trails that extend directly from the property to the october mountain state forest, daily life here is nature-filled.



we have a contemporary art space...



we have a large, bright and spacious gallery space that hosts art shows of renowned contemporary artists and artists in residence at eastover. we offer studio space for our art residents as well as a place to live. send inquiry



we are a community...



eastover is a unique empty vessel and creative space for artists and practitioners. we are not associated with any specific religion, yet recognize the divine presence in everyone. we offer long-term stays for people who are interested in doing inner spiritual work or being an artist in residence.



	notice: javascript is required for this content.


















join our community to learn more about eastover and our upcoming events
	notice: javascript is required for this content.






	notice: javascript is required for this content.















facebook
twitter
pinterest
linkedin
instagram
youtube
 

eastover estate & retreat 430 east street, po box 2282, lenox ma 01240
© 2017 eastover estate & eco-village eastover estate & eco-village

terms & conditions
privacy statement
1-866-264-5139
 






















































