







envision utah – how we grow matters












































  
-----
additionally, paste this code immediately after the opening  tag:
  
































































              about 
            

              projects
            

              tools
            

              events
            

              news
            

              donate
            
































































































about projectstoolseventsnewsdonate







how we grow matters. 

































utah is growing, & how we grow matters.









utah is growing, & how we grow matters.










utah is growing, & how we grow matters.









utah is growing, & how we grow matters.









utah is growing, & how we grow matters.










utah is growing, & how we grow matters.












 












































  we help everyone have a voice in utah's future.


from air quality to education, and from agriculture to transportation, envision utah is a nonprofit that brings business, government, and community leaders together to ensure we're all taking a holistic, balanced approach to the future.we also bring the discussion to utahns. our groundbreaking process helps residents across the state have a say in the way their community grows—now and in the future. below are the projects we’re working on throughout utah right now.

  




 

here are a few of our current projects.

 













the future of education in utahutahns place a huge priority on education, but when it comes to performance, many feel we should be doing a lot better. envision utah is working with key stakeholders and educators throughout the state to improve education in utah.learn more →  















land use review for attainable housinghousing affordability in utah has eroded over the past few years, threatening utahns’ peace of mind and financial security. envision utah is reviewing land use & construction regulations and their implications for housing costs.learn more →  















disaster resiliencein 2021 envision utah formally embarked on a multi-year statewide disaster resilience effort to identify key strategies for increasing disaster resilience and build public awareness and political will to further the strategies. learn more →   















water values studythis is a comprehensive study to understand utahns' water values and priorities, aiming to inform strategies for addressing tradeoffs and behavior changes crucial for a sustainable water future amidst record lows in the state. learn more →  















land and housing capacity analysisfactors contributing to utah’s housing shortage include significant supply constraints, including a shortage of suitable land in high-demand areas. this project addresses utah's housing crisis through a structured, data-driven approach.learn more →  















wasatch choice vision: utah countymountainland association of governments (mag) is now in the process of updating the wasatch choice vision for utah county. this is a vision for coordinated transportation investments, development patterns, and economic opportunities.learn more →  

 

click here to see the rest of our projects →  

 




  

innovation born from crisis.in 1997, envision utah was founded to ensure that as our population grew, utahns could still enjoy a high quality of life. over the last two decades, envision utah has used its unique, collaborative, and groundbreaking process to help utahns build the future they want—both for themselves and for future generations.




    more about us
  

      







 


    contact us
  




    newsletter
  




    donate
  

 









envision utah - how we grow matters



quick links



eu introduction



envision utah - current projects



envision utah - history



envision utah – events - newsletter - donate










home



aboutour storyour teamcareersboard of directorsawards & accomplishmentsenvision utah archives



projectsyour utah, your futuremy education, our futurevalley visioningclean air action teamprojects archive



toolsenvision utah toolboxvalues studiesother research & reports



eventsyuyf luncheonspring breakfastcommon good awardsquality communities academypast events



donatedonor faqsponsorshipdonor advising fundplanned givingcorporate partners



newsin the newsnewsletterpodcastblog

  





 



envision utah
254 600 east,
salt lake city, ut, 84102,
united states
8013031450
info@envisionutah.org


hours






envision utah254 600 e #201,  salt lake city, ut 84102     











































 









 









 









