




























epaygov.com - file. pay. print. your taxes and licenses online - fast. easy. secure. - we make your dog legal fast. - pets licensing, pet licensing, pennsylvania couties, montgomery county, chester county, dog warden, pa animal control, shelter, pet, locations, adoptions, pound, spay, neuter, license, online dog licenses, online dog license, lost pets, lost dogs, government services, purchase online dog license, payment gateway, payments gateway, epayments, epayment, pa dog licenses, oh dog license, ohio dog license, virginia dog license, va dog license, online payments, credit card services, electronic checks services, bill payments, online bill presentment, donation, donations, pa dog license, dog licensing, pa dog licensing, pennsylvania dog licensing,online dog licensing, ohio dog licensing














consulting servicesgovstrategies

















570-523-6088

zerocost@epaygov.com












  
 







consulting servicesgovstrategies













javascript is required to use padoglicense.com web site.you may click on  "show me how to enable javascript"  to follow the instructions on how to activate javascript for your particular web browser.and then reload this page.



epaygov.com â®
 is a proprietary web based multi-user, multi-location turn key payment solution. our system provides your residents the ability to pay for their taxes, pet licenses, water/sewer, parking tickets, parks and recreation fees, online and at your office. our system will provide you with a real-time, 24/7, access to customized reporting and audit trail. epaygov.comâ® system will help you cut cost, increase productivity, eliminate manual data entry and excessive bank and credit card fees while improving customer service.



epaygov.com â® is  now serving more than 8 million residents in 103 counties and municipalities.
your security as well as your residents security are our top priority. our system is pci dss compliant using 384 bit ssl with rsa 4096 bit extended validation (the green bar) and daily and monthly audit scanning instead of the required quarterly audit scanning.                    
                            
                        
 click to verify    


robust fast dependable  our system is being used at 411 locations by 942 county and local municipalities' office staff and outside agents.
true web based cloud system100% managed and secured cloud system. zero it resources. patches and backups are performed in the background with no downtime.
ample customizationsno cookie cutters! customized to your office needs. multiple annual updates and upgrades at no cost to your office. "live and test mode" which gives you the ability to train your staff and outside agents while processing live transactions with no downtime.

pci dss compliantwe are 100% compliant with all credit card industry security standards. we even go above and beyond with "daily scanning audit" instead of the required "quarterly scanning audit". 
increase compliance & salesour epetlicensing.com state of the art pet tracking database system will help your office reduce cost, increase sales and eliminate temp hiring. animal officers, police officers and 911 centers have online access 24/7/365
dedicated supportunlimited phone and email support to your office staff during office hours and 
unlimited phone and email support to your online customers from 9:00 am to 9:00 pm. 
























about epaygov.comâ®
epaygov.comâ® is a leading "application software and credit cards payments gateway provider". we specialize in government esolutions at state and local level.
we provide online / offline bill presentment and payments esolutions for:   

 pet licensing
 games of chance
 hotel taxes
 car/boat registration
 real estate taxes
 tax claim
 lien certification
 online / offline credit card acceptance
 echecksnow acceptance
 water and sewer
 traffic ticket
 parks and recreation
 building permits












quick contact


p.o. box 88winfield, pa 17889
570-523-6088

zerocost@epaygov.com















                
                    copyrights © 2013 & all rights reserved by epaygov.com llc
                
                

privacy policy / terms and conditions








