





peacework – cross-sector solutions for sustainable development













































































            connect@peacework.org        
 



	            donate | payment	        



facebook profilelinkedin profile 













cross-sector solutions

our story
our approach


our network

where we work
how we work
ecole philadelphia de mirebalais
gallery


engagement

academic engagement
corporate engagement


about us

the peacework advantage
meet our team


join us
covid-19
 

















doing what we love 
							over 30 years 
							join us 
							peacework 
							 


doing what we love 
							over 30 years 
							join us 
							peacework 
							 










								cross-sector solutions
								



						for equitable and sustainable development
						







partnerships in global service that support social justice, equity, and a sustainable future
novel strategies for global engagement including on-site, remote, hybrid, and global team projects and internships
nearly 30,000 participants from over 150 academic institutions and organizations since 1989
27 countries around the world and over 25 projects in the us
reaching over 1 million people in hundreds of communities and villages
projects in english, spanish, vietnamese, thai, russian, and french
sustainable collaboration in business, education, health, agriculture, environment, engineering and construction, technology, and public service
crisis border, migrant, and conflict mitigation
complete logistics and project management
comprehensive risk management





read more




						about peacework
						



						peacework is a 501(c)3 global nonprofit organization that engages communities, academic institutions, and corporations in innovative cross-sector solutions for sustainable development around the world and across seven development disciplines: agriculture, business, education, engineering, health, public service, and technology.
					









						why it matters
						








the dedication of our friends from peacework really taught me a great lesson that even small things you do for others makes a big difference and has an unforgettable social impact.
community leader
malawi


the partnership between peacework and my community has been a very fruitful and mutual one. we have learned from our colleagues and they, too, have learned from us.
community leader
belize


this experience has taught me to be a better global citizen. peacework has inspired me to give back to communities for the right reasons while considering long term, sustainable impact.
human resources leader
pwc


the people of peacework cultivate deep and meaningful relationships in the countries they are involved with and the level of trust they've earned from our firm is remarkable.
director, corp. responsibility
pwc


peacework has enriched my college education in a way no other experience could have. i have made amazing memories and connections and have learned the importance of responsible and sustainable service.
student
ohio state university


peacework gave me the my first opportunity to work in an international setting, building my management, communication, and leadership skills in new ways.
graduate student
clinton school for public service









						our impact
						





 27 countries and 100s of global community partners





150 academic department and program partners





30,000+ program participants





$100+ million in program arrangements and projects





1+ million children, youth, and community members involved globally






















                        copyright © peacework. all rights reserved.                    


facebook profilelinkedin profile 























































