




thunderbirds online - a comprehensive web resource for the 60s tv show















    thunderbirds
    

home           
episodes
movies
interviews
lexicon
fiction
shop
stingray
links


 
want thunderbirds toys or memorabilia?
click here
 
 
 
 
 
 


welcome to thunderbirds online

recently added: 

movie 
lexicon


 announcements:
sorry about the complete lack of updates in the last year or so! it's been a bit of a stressful time. i went off to university but it all went horribly wrong. i'm now taking a gap year to claw back my self-esteem. and anyway, i've become very busy these days with various other projects, hobbies, etc. and at some point you run out of time to get everything in.


marquee hire
      abinger marquees is one of the leading providers for marquee hire. we have been providing marquee solutions for the last 20 years - specialising in marquees for weddings, corporate functions, events and private parties in the south east of england. 

as you may have noticed, i've given the site a bit of an overhaul, to bring the design more in line with stingray online, which i always preferred anway. the old design was something i knocked together in a few minutes meaning to change it as soon as i could be bothered. that was nearly five years ago, which probably says a lot about my motivational skills.
 wow, this site is nearly five years old. that makes me feel quite ancient. i remember setting it up to coincide with the 2000 repeat runs, largely forgotten by now. and who'd have thought that we'd have a live-action thunderbirds movie by now? and, er, wasn't it... interesting.
in today's updates there's a long-overdue guide to the new thunderbirds movie (unfortunately lacking in pictures because i haven't got the dvd yet) and a new feature to the site in the form of the brilliantly comprehensive lexicon written by kristin d.

 
 i feel i should also make a statement about the forum. er, yes, sorry everyone. the thing about the old forum was that i'd partially hand-coded it myself, something i felt pretty proud about, so i stuck with it for ages, even when it became apparent that the security was a little lacking. unfortunately, i then got evicted from the original server and relocated to a new one which couldn't support my forum. so, i shut it down and, although i planned to make a new one, i never got around to it.
basically, the forum isn't coming back as it used to be, because at the moment there's no way i can spare the time it takes to look after it. but, as a person who's been out of the loop for some time, can i ask if there's another place you all congregate these days? i'd be more than happy to hype up any such place on my site.





if you have any comments, queries or   suggestions, please e-mail me at webmaster@thunderbirdsonline.co.uk.
please   note: i get lots of emails from people trying to track down rare items of   thunderbirds merchandise. unfortunately, i am unable to assist in this because   basically i don't have a clue. however, please feel free to check if what you're   looking for can be found in the shop.

thunderbirds and all related elements are â© carlton   international media limited. this site is intended for educational and enjoyment   purposes only. no copyright infringement is intended. the contents of   this page are â© thunderbirdsonline.co.uk
please ask permission before   reproducing any material from this website in public.
thunderbirds â© 2024
 


 








