



  



fraser's olive garden retreat
































menu

home page
dance therapy
macrobiotics
yoga
volunteers
contact












welcome
we're sorry to report that aegean tour travel is no longer 
			operating.
following the closing of aegean tour travel, we decided to pursue 
			the wellness part of our travel business, to become less commercial and 
			to support local charities whenever possible. by chance, in 2002 we 
			had purchased a twenty-two hectare olive grove just eight kilometers from our home 
			in the hillside village of comlekci, (chomlekchi),
so we decided to develop our olive grove into a meditation and 
			wellbieng center.. after 15 months of hard work by a team of 
			tradesmen and 
			volunteers we opened our new hillside yoga and meditation retreat 
			set among 600, now very happy, olive trees.
the fraser's olive garden 
			retreat was establisshed, the full website is
			
here.
we welcome everyone who is aware that there is something missing 
			in their life and is looking to improve their lifestyle. this goal 
			can be acheived 
			through the disciplines embodied in the practices of yoga, meditation and breathing 
			discipline, in 
			coordination with other healing therapies. 

			
			in july 2020 the initial works were commenced on the site, first we 
			drilled a well for water which we found at a depth of 240 meters. we 
			were now able to commence the construction of an 850 meter natural stone 
			boundary wall that incorporated a two storey stone tower for a site 
			office and water depot next to the main entrance.our olive trees must have appreciated the care and attention we were now giving them; they 
			have rewarded us several crops of olives that have produced oil of a 
			quality that was awarded a gold medal at the olive fair in the 
			regional capital of mugla.
during the first 18 months we completed the construction of three 'forest' houses for guest accommodation and a ninety square meter yoga studio. in tandem with the construction works we completed a considerable amount of landscaping works including the planting of 
			fifty more olive trees and a variety of fruit trees. our vegetable gardens have also made us almost self sufficient in vegetables.
in addition to the work carried out by our tradesmen, we owe a special gratitude to the many 'workaway' volunteers 
			who came to us from all over the world (despite the punitive 
			lockdown restrictions) and helped us not only with their labors and suggestions, but with their very presence. 
			during the early stages of the projects development our requirements 
			were for volunteers interested in construction works, cooking, 
			domestic works and 
			gardening, but as the the site has developed we encouraged volunteers 
			also interested in marketing, website  and social media promotion.
our retreat serves only vegan and vegetarian meals using our ownn 
			and locally sourced vegetables and we encourage healthy eating as 
			part of our nutrition program.
namaste
we're open for all peaceful 
			visitors..
our retreat is now open to anyone seeking some respite from the madness 
			currently circling the world, whether it's to join one of our 
			alternative therapy courses, to learn the principles of meditation, to take part in a 'self-discovery' 
			silent retreat, (shh) or to just relax for a day or two, (or more), 
			doing nothing but reading a book.
we even have an 'indoctrination detox' program, recommended for 
			everyone, irrespective of whichever country you were 'programmed' 
			in.
the fraser's olive garden full website is
			
here.

more information about the services we provide together with 
			details of all upcoming 
			events can be found on our social media and other platforms below: 


 instagram



 facebook


 
			
			google maps reviews

 
			workshopix

			  
			booking.com

contact us






fraser's olive garden retreat..



main entrance looking southeast..



yoga on our top-lawn..



each house has 4 twin rooms and 2 bathrooms..













dance therapy..
 have you ever asked yourself:
 

why do i sometimes develop aches and pains for no apparent reason?
why do i get so stressed and nervous. 
why do i have a tendency to get angry?

perhaps you should consider joining one of our dance therapy programs.

it will change your 
			lifestyle.
back to top



macrobiotics - healthy eating..
 it's said, you are what you 
			eat..
the physical body you inhabit is a precious 
			treasure, it's home to trillions of microbes all working in unison 
			to keep everything functioning properly.
these helpful 
			microorganisms replenish skin cells, the lining of the gut and 
			replace damaged and dying cells. equally vital is their role in 
			preventing illness. 
we ingest around a million microbes in every 
			gram of food we eat, and our diet has a direct impact on which species of 
			microbe thrive in our gut microbiome. if we change our 
			diet from carnivore to vegetarian, the gut bacteria changes accordingly. 
			junk food, poor diet and unbalanced nutrition really upset your 
			microbiome.
the human microbiome even affects how our body 
			smells, an army of microbes exist just to convert sweat into various 
			odors, mostly unpleasant, that send out strong signals to those 
			around us. 
look after your microbes. 			
happy microbes will look after 
			you.
			
we offer only vegetarian and vegan 
			meals from our kitchen.
microbes
			 
			us..
for more information visit:
			frasersolivegardem.com



yoga, meditation and breathing..


develop a healthy body and mind..
the three disciplines of routine yoga, meditation and controlled 
			breathing techniques work together to develop strong and evenly 
			distributed muscles, a clear mind and strong lungs. 
the net result 
			is a feeling of fitness and the power and resolve to do anything 
			you put your mind to.
look after your body and mind.

back to top










		
		      
		
 
		
   ©             
		
		home page |  
		contact us


site built with 
		simple responsive template








