










home - troy area chamber of commerce




























































 

















skip to content













join nowmember loginbusiness directory


































menu


business resources

partners
start your own business in troy
minority owned business resources


community

business directory
business excellence awards
community awards
discover troy, ohio
relocation

education
healthcare
real estate


jobs in troy
local volunteer opportunities
visit troy

dining
lodging
shopping
entertainment


info request


news & events

chamber event calendar
community event calendar
communications (subscribe)
chamber connections blog
news
chamber newsletter archive
troy strawberry festival
photo gallery
video library


why join?

membership application


member center

member login
member business directory
member benefits
certificate of origin program
meeting space
marketing & advertising opportunities
hot deals
ribbon cuttings
submit to newsletter


your chamber

about us

chamber staff
board of directors

board application


ambassador team


contact us
meet our members
programs

ambassador team
awards committee
business education partnership
hr council
leadership troy
legislative affairs committee
miami county safety council
young leaders of miami county
teen leadership troy


our ambassador team


 

































"the troy chamber provides ample opportunities to connect with other business members in my community that i otherwise may never have met." christina hassink, monroe federal savings & loan association 

"joining the troy chamber of commerce is the single best investment i have made for my company to date. not only do i feel part of the community of businesses, but the chamber is committed to creating new networks of opportunities and introductions, to the people and civic projects that continue to open more new doors. my business is growing, and as a result of the leadership of the chamber, so is my awareness, understanding and knowledge of the local business landscape."  - glenna fulks, kite meeting management 

"it has been beneficial for us relative to making business connections." sharon buse, first place food pantry 

"the chamber has been instrumental in by business and in life in regards to the connections i have made since joining. i enjoy the interactions and making new friends, and the professional way in which the events are conducted." william furay, primerica 

"great communication and inclusion for participation and support of local community." bryant mcafee, metronet inc. 
























 





empowering prosperity for troy, ohio






convener. catalyst. champion. 























gift cards 
 
















directory 
 
















jobs 
 
















blog 
 









































thank you to our community investors
















                                clopay doors                            














                                dungan & lefevre                            














                                kettering health network                            














                                upper valley medical center                            














                                conagra                            






next
previous











thank you to our executive circle investors
















                                collins aerospace                            














                                first financial bank                            














                                dp&l                            














                                global food equipment solutions                            














                                hobart filler metals                            














                                korrect plumbing                            














                                pella                            















next
previous

















directory quick links
















                                where to shop                            














                                where to eat                            














                                where to stay                            














                                where to play                            














                                where to enjoy                            














                                where to volunteer                            













view directory


















member spotlight




















our member of the month is jon coomer investment managment.

jon coomer investment management has been a part of the troy community since 1995. even though jon coomer was founded in 1995, his business roots in troy go back to the early 80’s as he and his family owned & operated bill’s bike shop, which was on water street for 27 years.
inspired by founder jon coomer’s lifelong fascination with investing and his father's encouragement to plan for the future, the firm has spent over 29 years guiding clients towards their financial goals with honesty, transparency, and a focus on putting clients' needs first. since the first day of opening our company has expanded to three locations in troy, greenville, and versailles, with a dedicated team of five staff members.
jon coomer investment management is like having a trusted friend on wall street who never forgets their small-town roots. you can expect to be treated with care. whether it's managing your retirement accounts or planning for unexpected life events, we’ll ensure your money works smarter, not harder.
we are committed to giving back and supporting our local communities, along with other organizations and events near the troy area. whether it's sponsoring local events, volunteering within our local organizations, or giving to charitable purposes.
here at jon coomer investment management, our team embraces every client as if they were family. whether you're a young investor just starting out or a recent retiree, our dedicated team is here to guide you with warmth, empathy, and expertise. we understand that everyone’s financial journey is unique, and we approach every interaction with an open mind and a commitment to listening and learning. with our team by your side, you can rest assured that you'll receive personalized support and guidance tailored to your needs and aspirations.
securities offered through registered representatives of cambridge investment research, inc. a broker-dealer, member finra/sipc. advisory services offered through cambridge investment research advisors, inc., a registered investment advisor. cambridge and jon coomer investment management are not affiliated.





















what’s new?

















events
get connected… join us at an event!













welcome new members
















chamber connections
keeping you up to date on the latest trends, safety news, business information and more.











unwrap the magic: using nostalgia to boost holiday sales this small business season



						november 12, 2024					



read more









how to get more love for your business on social media



						october 30, 2024					



read more








1
2
3
…
21
next »

























 












© 2025 troy area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













937. 339.8769 














405 s.w. public square, suite 330, troy, oh 45373 














tacc@troyohiochamber.com 



















proud member of:






        









stay connected!













subscribe to our newsletter 

















































 © 

 troy area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















