














families.com domain name is for sale call 805-627-1955

































 














 the global domain name (url) families.com is currently available for acquisition. please contact by phone at
	805-627-1955 or email for details



blogs you can really use

recent posts


4 out of ten lgbtq+ youth are considering moving out of their home state


parents favoritism isn’t a myth


what is your parenting style?


most infuriating challenges to free-range parenting


famous quotes to use as new year wishes


best things to do on new year’s eve to celebrate 2025


christmas facts


how to avoid conflicts during holiday gatherings


target releases its cheapest-ever thanksgiving meal deal


why teens are choosing to stay home on halloween night





 



main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
parenting

parenthood
adoption
baby
toddlers
single parents
special needs
education
home schooling
pre school


pregnancy
family

marriage
parents
single parents
fatherhood
christian
jewish
lds
genealogy


entertainment

scrapbooking
popular culture
photography
family travel
disney
just for fun
media reviews


at home

housekeeping
for the home
real estate
home business
pets
food
green living


health

health
fitness
yoga
weight loss
mental health


savings

printable coupons
deals
insurance
money
frugal


family finances 101

family budget
kids and money
get out of debt
great deals for family fun
saving money on everyday expenses


 


 
about us  | 
terms of service  | 
privacy policy  | 
contact us



© networkmedia.com, inc.


 










families.com is a rich community of family minded participants. we collect the best information resources for family living. we publish the one of internet’s largest collection of family related blogs. from encyclopedias to articles to informative blogs, families.com is growing the best tips, information and resources for families on the internet. we offer tens of thousands of pages of information to help families become better families.for example: many parents are looking forward to the start of a new school year. keep in mind that back-to-school comes with hectic mornings, help with homework, and the enforcement of a bedtime routine (that may have lapsed over the summer). it is important for parents to take a little time for self care while the kids are at school. here are a few simple ideas to start with.
what should you do to provide good self care? it should be something that you enjoy. pick a relaxing activity, or one that makes you feel pampered. choose something that reduces your stress. here are a few to consider:
ideas for taking care of yourself
take a “power nap” – it is amazing what a short nap will do on a day when you are exhausted, low-energy, or not feeling well.
read a book (or magazine) – when was the last time you were able to sit down and do some reading? take a little time to do it while the kids are in school. choose a comfy place to sit and fall into a good story for a while.
visit a salon – call ahead and schedule yourself an appointment at your favorite nail or hair salon. give yourself plenty of time to be pampered (and for your hair or nails to dry) before you have to pick the kids up from school. very few things say “me time” like getting your nails done!
take a bath – there is something incredibly relaxing about a nice, warm, bath. toss in your favorite bath salts, or borrow some of the kid’s bubble bath. sit, soak, breathe, and relax. let the stress of the week melt away.
start scrapbooking – have you been meaning to put a bunch of family photos into a scrapbook? take some time out of the day (while the kids are at school) to work on it. do a little bit at a time and don’t worry about how long it might take until you complete the scrapbook. use your creativity and have fun with it.
find your “center” – some people find meditation to be very beneficial for their state of mind. others might choose prayer, instead. another possibility is to take some time to enjoy nature. pick the one what works for you and use it to “re-center” yourself. afterwards, you will find yourself ready to take on the next challenge. enjoy reading the thousands of articles at families.com! 
 the global domain name (url) families.com is currently available for acquisition. please contact by phone at
805-627-1955 or email for details
facebook
twitter
pinterest

