






































































 










gold mining in the 21st century!












contact
information about the club
events & schedule
shopping
facebook page
gold prospecting videos










  



“hey did you know there is still a lot of gold to be found today? it’s true; experts say that only 5% of all gold has been found.
i’m dave mccracken and i founded the new 49’ers prospecting association back in 1986 for the purpose of providing the best, and the most, small-scale gold mining opportunities available to you anywhere in america. and i have done it!”  dave’s personal guarantee

 
watch our free full-length introduction video ( 30 min.)
 


the new 49’ers was started to help make it easy for people to find gold. how? well…
the new 49’ers…
 provides gold seekers with  good gold locations and year-round access for gold prospecting of many types.
 provides very comfortable services, where whole families can prospect together in search of high-grade gold.
 provides the most informative learning opportunities available anywhere in the world in nearly all aspects of modern small-scale gold prospecting and mining procedures — from gold pans, to electronics, to underwater dredging.
 provides organized group mining programs, so that participants can become directly involved with focused projects that are managed by experts, to locate and recover high-grade gold, learn from doing, and receive an equal share of the gold recovered.
start your gold prospecting adventure today!
follow the links on your left and explore our site to find out more about the new 49’ers–what we are, what it’s like to be a member, the benefits that members have, and all the gold they find.
the new 49’ers web site is “video enhanced”. look for the   “free video” … or the  “subscription video”  … icons to enjoy this content as you browse. for more information on subscription video content visit the “video log-in” link in the navigation bar at the top of any page.
 










 
 visit us on facebook

 
 important note


animal planet special : 
dave mack and some of his adventure buddies race to find untold riches in diamonds before the monsoons arrive in india!

watch all 5 episodes below:

 
episode 1
 
 
episode 2
 
 
episode 3
 
 
episode 4
 
 
episode 5
 



get dave’s newest book “extreme prospector” "adventures of a modern day gold & treasure hunter" 
  find out more here

site quick links

pay your annual dues online
site index
contact
information about the club
learning through experience
events & schedule
mining properties
camping & lodging
about the area
what’s new
shopping
more about gold
how to find gold
gold mining adventures
facebook page
legal affairs
join the new 49’ers
links
gold prospecting videos
gold prospecting videos

explore by topicexplore by topic
select category
about gold
   history of gold
   what about gold?
about the area
   about happy camp
   stories about happy camp
camping & lodging
   camping on new 49’er properties
   private lodging options
events & schedule
for sale
general information
   joining the new 49’ers
   operation guidelines
   other information about the new 49’ers
   privacy policy
   types of membership
   welcome
gold mining adventures
   dave mccracken’s adventures
   fictional stories about gold prospecting
   humorous stories
   stories about gold mining adventure
   stories about our members
   stories about our weekend group projects
   true-life stories about our week-long group projects
gold mining properties
   about our gold properties
   arizona gold claims
   elk creek gold claims
   gold claim maps
   gps coordinates for our mining properties
   indian creek gold claims
   lower klamath river gold claims
   mid klamath river gold claims
   rogue river mining opportunities
   salmon river, main stem gold claims
   salmon river, north fork gold claims
   scott river gold claims
   thompson creek gold claims
   umpqua river mining opportunities
   upper klamath river gold claims
   upper-mid klamath river gold claims
how to find gold
   crevicing and vacuum-mining
   dry-washing
   electronic prospecting
   final gold recovery
   gold panning
   gold prospecting & sampling
   sluicing & surface mining
   suction dredging
   the right approach
   what to do with your gold
learning through experience
   member experiences
legal affairs
   archive
   environmental impact report (eir) on suction dredging
   final rule on section 228.4 by u.s. forest service
   karuk tribe lawsuit against the u.s. forest service to stop mining
   karuk’s challenge to california dredging regulations
   small-scale mining in oregon
   the new 49er legal fund
newsletters
products & supplies
the business of gold mining
video enhanced stories



sign-up for our free newsletter… 
click here now!

prospecting supplies 




translate this page

 





tags 
gold claims mining properties gold prospecting maps gold dredging dave mccracken gold prospecting adventure how to find gold legal affairs miners rights dave mack prospecting newsletter california dredging moratorium gold mining in oregon members stories about the new 49ers subscription video metal detecting for gold electronic gold prospecting week-long group projects happy camp california metal detecting high-banking sampling for gold guidelines rules karuk vs dfg gold mining history facts about gold gold recovery membership prospecting overseas navy seal booming weekend group projects adventure humor equipment extreme prospector lost treasure hunters legal fundraiser sniping 228.4 final rule dry-washing sluicing karuk vs usfs gold mining oregon ninth circuit court camping eir about gold the business of mining gold panning gravity mining vacuum mining events lodging join the new 49'ers history of gold treasure hunting gold nugget prospecting supplies oregon schedule winching potlucks rv parks vack-mining fiction gps legal fund brandon rinehart case happy camp fires 2014 gold new 49'ers legal fund mining seasons south umpqua river privacy policy gold dredging in california gold dredge suction gravel transfer systems gold claim maps supreme court mining week-long projects faqs internal affairs fools gold legal sub division descriptions contact gold fever placer gold claim plp jerry hobbs slater fire bigfoot dredging seasons happy camp 

 







© 2013 | the new 49'ers inc. 
p.o. box 47 :: happy camp, ca 96039 :: (530) 493-2012
the new 49ers, all rights reserved. we appreciate your comments.

privacy policy






						information about the club |						
						
						learning through experience |
						
						camping & lodging 

						mining properties |						
						
						events & schedule |
						
						about the area |						
						
						what’s new

						shopping |
						
						more about gold |
						
						how to find gold						
						|
						
						
						gold mining adventures

						message forums |
						
						legal & political affairs |						
						
						join						
						|
						
						
						contact | 
						links |						
						
						video log-in gold mining sampling and consulting services | 
						california gold claims for sale | big gold nugget




















 







