





keeler web design | web design saginaw michigan






























































national award winning
custom website development
top quality designs, fast turnaround time







ecommerice
sites for online stores as well as brick and mortor stores
let us create your ecommerce solution







website redesign
already have a website but it needs a freshening up?
let us turn your old website into a new up to date site







meeting your needs
working closely with you
it's very important to understand your needs and have the ability to transform that information into a website. communication before, during and after completion is essential in order to deliver a quality product.







 custom websites 1
 ecommerce 2
 redesign 3
 our commitment 4




 
 
 











 


website name
 


 
      this is your tagline 
      




















toggle navigation
main menu





 home

 portfolio

eph 320 foundation
naples marco island aaca
saginaw field & stream
southern florida car club
dt transport






 services


 contact











 




  call : 239-529-6931






keeler web






national award winning





 
 



















  

  

  

 
 



    


        

 




 welcome to keeler web! 
located in saginaw, michigan













if you are looking for web help, then you have entered the right site! 
national award winning keeler web can handle your every need, whether it's updating your current site, 
                  a complete make over, or just starting out, 
keeler web  is up to the task


    
 award winning experience counts 
with over 30 years of experience in computer software design and development, you can depend on quality, creativity, and exceeding your expectations. anyone can create a website, but you will receive a professional website. that is the clear difference.

    
working with you 
it's very important to understand your needs and have the ability to transform that information into a website. communication before, during and after completion is essential in order to deliver a quality product.

    
meeting your needs 
 every website has it's own needs, no two sites are the same. keeler web will tailor your site to meet your needs. whether it's a site to showcases your business, club, or anything else, we will build your site around you.

    
 cutting costs 
 by using templates to create a website, this enables us to greatly reduce the cost and time to build as a lot of the programming is already included. we have access to over 500 templates for you to select from. these templates are completely customizable too.



    
hosting 
 various options are available. if you already have a hosting company, that can still be used. but if you are in need of hosting, packages are available to include everything for one monthly fee.

    
site managing
 don't have the expertise to maintain your website? or don't have the time? let keeler web manage it for you. we can keep our site updated with your current news or events on a daily, weekly, monthly or an "as needed basis". we can add information, pictures, graphics or whatever your needs might be.

    
graphic design
 graphics are a big part of a website and by using adobe fireworks or photoshop, we can create anything you need. we can also create graphics for non-web applications. we have the right technology to get it done.

    
search engine optimization (seo)
 you have a nice website but how do you get people to visit? over 80% of visitors get to a site via search engines such as google or yahoo. therefore, you need to have you site listed as close to the top of these search engines as possible. you site needs to be optimized. this is done by various ways. there is software to help in getting your site moved up on the each engines list. let keeler web help with this.


 our mission - your complete satisfaction is keeler web's pledge to you. having worked in corporate america from ceo's to data entry clerks, this outcome has always been the same.















 portfolio 

have a look at some of our work.
we would love to talk to you about your website needs. 



















 
 
 

 
aaca car club
this site has won numerous national awards 










 
 
 

 
adobtion foundation
a foundation that has funded across the us 










 
 
 

 
saginaw field & stream
conservation club in michigan










 
 
 

 
southern florida region of the classic car club of america
national award winning site
















 
 
 

 
cancer information
provides help and information for men with prostate cancer 










 
 
 

 
transport company
nationwide transporting 










  


 












keeler web uses only the latest in web developing tools and software....

here are some of the things we can provide

 
css animations
no flash is used, as this will not work with mobile devices

 
parallax sections
header and body sections.

 
bootstrap 3.1.1
get the latest responsive css framework.

 
fontawesome 4.1.0
the worlds most popular icons.



 
video slider
youtube and vimeo video sliders.

 
photo galleries
superslideshow and the isotope portfolio.

 
contact panel
includes your google map and contact form.

 
accordion panels
display a lot of information in a small space.




...works on all devices
 







        







keeler web





national award winning



saginaw, michigan
thank you for visiting our website
trusted member of thumbtack
 









copyright 2017.keeler web. all rights reserved.



 



  
  
  































