






researchit ct – free online resources








































 













menu
state library home
contact state library
researchit ct home
contact researchit ct
best bets – academic
best bets – k12
best bets – public


















researchit ct




researchit ct is the connecticut state library’s free research engine for use by libraries, schools, faculty, students, and residents throughout the state.

additional resources

access workforce solutions from ebsco’s learning express here!



learn about access to free ebook and eaudiobooks through  the ego program for public libraries and the ego community share program for connecticut schools. 


free online educational resources

ct learning hub is your destination for universal access to curated tools and resources anytime, anywhere. the ct learning hub puts resources in the hands of ct families, students and educators. the hub is a free and interactive web page of digital resources to support online and offline learning.
the amistad digital resource provides a much-needed solution to help teachers fulfill  curricular requirements educational based on mandates requiring the integration of african-american history by many state legislatures. 
proquest launched a new website: the black freedom struggle in the united states. it’s a free, open resource for students, educators and others who are researching u.s. black history.
pqdt open from proquest provides the full text of open access dissertations and theses free of charge. 
teachrock.org is an open educational resource of hundreds of unit and lesson plans, student editions, and musician bios. teachrock’s “rock and soul of america” high school history course is taught throughout california, colorado, new mexico, ohio, connecticut, new york, new jersey, and elsewhere.
thinkalong™ is a free educational service of connecticut public, the parent company of connecticut public television and connecticut public radio, and the state’s only locally-owned media organization producing tv, radio, print, web and digital content for connecticut’s wide-ranging and diverse communities.
for educators and students looking to find open and free access to e-resources, use this link from the connecticut state library.


 
 
a service of the connecticut state library and your local library
 authorized and funded by the state of connecticut with support from the institute for museum and library services
  






resources…for the public
…for high schools
…for middle schools
…for elementary schools
…for colleges & universities
genealogy
newspapers
e-audio & e-books
ct digital collections
resources a-z
popular magazines – public libraries
popular magazines – high schools
popular magazines – middle schools
popular magazines – elementary schools
magazines & journals for librarians
database links for librarians
about researchit ct
researchit ct home
 







language translator:  

 connecticut state library | 231 capitol avenue, hartford, 
ct 06106 | 860-757-6500 * toll-free 866-886-4478
open to the public tuesday-friday: 9am-5pm; saturday: 9am-2pm




please note:disclaimers & permissions
privacy policy
state of connecticut home page




 affirmative action/equal employment opportunity employer: - ct state library is an affirmative action/equal employment opportunity employer. 



contact researchit ct phone or e-mail







museum of connecticut history
remembering world war one
digital newspaper project
costep-ct
wpa art inventory
ct heritage foundation
researchit ct home
 





					copyright © 2025 
					
					researchit ct					. powered by wordpress
 | 
					theme: accesspress ray





































