

perl scripts for websites, form processors, web stats and counter, mysql scripts for unix, mac, windows and linux servers






















 
 




perl scripts

 all count
 attachment mailer
 build a faq plus
 clock in center
 ebackup automated
 easy poll
 esurvey
 fetch a file
 form maker
 mailing list server
 mysql mate
 pdf creation 
 qcart 
 quick fix
 quote of the day
 speed search
 task manager
 traffic pack
 upload plus
 upload gold
 upload pro
 website manager



 
 




free perl downloads

 main page
 404 alerter
 accesslog viewer
 build a faq
 ebackup
 errorlog viewer
 evars - server info
 ht pass creator
 upload lite
 website manager



 
 




javascripts

 alert boxes
 browser sniffer
 check email
 generators
 slide show
 sudoku
 window maker
 more...



 
 




extra utilities

 ascii codes
 color picker
 font finder
 ht pass creator
 meta cloak
 meta magic
 pano zooms
 slideshow
 server size



 
 




online tutorials

 glossary
 html
 javascript
 mysql
 ssi
 build traffic
 other



 
 




miscellaneous

 about us
 graphics
 testimonials
 installations
 latest versions



 
 




hawk eye in tennis








should hawk eye replace linesmen and lineswomen at all tennis tournaments?



yes
no
never










 view results







 
 




view all polls
run polls on your site
run your own surveys






 
 











store

download

faqs

contact us

support

programming

policies

 





micro, small, medium and large business solutions


we've been developing scripts and programs for the web for over 10 years. in that time we've been the driving force behind many online businesses from hobbyist to corporate. we have a range of scripts to get any website up and running in a day, and we offer custom coding and programming services to transform an idea into reality. we've developed web applications for small to medium sized businesses, reconstructing their business model and providing a direct connection between business and consumer, as well as business to staff.


click here to learn more about the quality applications and programs we've developed to ease the adminstrative work load for business, or click here to request a quote for an idea, website or program you'd like developed. 


perl scripts - compatible with mac, windows iis 4 & 5, linux, unix, sun and freebsd servers


if you have a web site with a cgi-bin, you can quickly and easily implement any of the scripts below to enhance your web site's functionality, eliminate spam and increase inter activity. our scripts are specifically developed to save you and your visitors both time and money through automation and ease of use. each script is regulary updated and improved based on user feedback and our own experience. we could not run our website without them and we wouldn't use our own products if we didn't have absolute confidence and faith in them. 



our perl scripts are compatible with 99.9% of the servers we've worked on over the last 12 years. if your hosting provider is not up to scratch, or for any other reason you need hosting, be sure to consider linuxhostingplans.com. each hosting plan comes with optional online server backup solutions to ensure your data and files are protected.


404 alerter

logs details of each 404 request (pages and image files) including referrer so you can correct broken links, will optionally notify you via email when 404 is requested, comes with secured admin login section, use your own custom error pages and redirection, and it's free!

access log viewer

when working with large files, rather than download the entire database, select a managable number of lines and line numbers of interest, with line wrapping on or off. tested on files as large as 500 megabytes!

all count

an invisible counter that counts hits on as many pages on your site as you want it to, and provides web statistics for each. statistics include countries or origin, unique and total hits, referrers, query strings, screen sizes, color depths, javascript versions, java capable browsers and presents the web stats in an easy to read format. records statistics for all web browsers and operating systems. comes with built in search engine and admin control and settings panel. even counts your cgi pages! this web page hit counter does not require ssi.

attachment mailer plus

form mailer supporting website file uploads/transfer and file attachments! receive file attachments transferred from your web site to your inbox via your contact forms. includes personalized autoresponder templates for both you and your visitors, an admin control panel and a multi-file progress meter for file uploads so your customers are not wondering if anything is happening during large file transfers. manage multiple forms, export submissions and orders to csv files for batch processing or as database back ups, auto-respond to potential customers with files of your choice delivered to their inboxes and more. learn more or try our demo here.

build a faq lite

effortlessly build you faq and knowledge database. this amazing program is search engine friendly, allows you to create multiple categories, sort categories and questions in any order and you can use your own templates, even if they use ssi. tell me more.

build a faq plus

the long awaited plus version is a faq manager's delight. includes a search engine for customer searches of your faq database, and printer friendly versions for all faq generated pages, captcha code form protection, option to display faqs as collapsed/hidden or exposed for easier reading. tell me more.

clock in center

do you work on the web? then you simply can not do without this script. keep track of your or your employee's work hours, products sold or just about anything else with this script. tracks time stamps to the second, email feature allows users or admin to send work logs in either plain text or html, adjust time zones, calculates time and billing totals. now all your paper work can be found in the one place. tell me more

consolidator

turnkey bulk mail and subscriber management software. requires mysql on a unix server. supports literally millions of subscribers, provides searchable databases for highly targeted, subscriber relevant broadcasts, pup up blocker beating, auto-generated subscription forms, supports plain text and rich html messaging, scheduled mailings, an unlimited number of autoresponders for each mailing list, mailing progress monitor, vast array of reports and statistic, and even supports membership registrations empowering you with extraordinary potential to generate a massive recurring income. with minimal outlay you can start your own business today or seize your share of the internet's roaring direct marketing sector. conceived in 1999, consolidator is still powering away in 2008. 

environmental vars

see which modules are accessible on your server, find the path to sendmail and view the environmental variables as returned by your server. find out which version or perl your server is running, operating system, your ip, server's ip and more.

ebackup

ebackup is a free utility that enables you to back up any data files located on your web server (not mysql data). will recursively fetch and display your website's (or server's) entire directory structure. select multiple directories to be compressed in to a zip file and either e-mailed to you or stored on your server. preserves your directory structure, back up all files (ascii and binary). requires archive::zip and compress::zlib modules on your server. learn more

ebackup automated

ebackup automated - scheduled website back ups, server to server, or server to email. completely automates the backing up of your website and data. select directories, whether or not to recurssively back the selected directories and compressed zip files will be delivered as often as you like. can you live with out this? read more

esurvey

fully optioned perl script survey manager. supports unlimited surveys, preview mode, radio buttons, checkboxes, text fields, textareas, supplementary questions, instructions, file uploads, database exports, question / answer sorting, graphical results, answer flow, automated validation of required fields, and personalized autoresponders and thank you pages with option to include survey snapshots. available in english, german and french and with anti-aliased pie and bar graphs.  learn more

easy poll

create and manage as many polls as you like. easy poll makes creating polls so easy, we guarantee you'll be creating polls in less than 60 seconds. choose from three statistical displays, option to require unique votes (one per visitor based on ip address), option to display actual number of votes or just percentages. place the scripts on your web site and run as many polls as you like.  learn more

error log viewer

no more server 500 errors! this script tells you exactly what and where the problem is. you can also view the server's error log allowing your to correct and further refine your scripts. 

form maker and processor

create form processing on your web site in seconds. create order forms, contact forms, support forms, all forms. supports single and multiple-page forms and secure (ssl) forms. formmaker will generate javascript and perl validation, includes file uploads, form management, radio buttons, checkoxes, select menus, csv exports, processed records, everything! what a time saver, this online form making perl script will amaze. try our demo

fetch a file

allow you web site visitors to fetch any number of files from the directory you specify and e-mail them to themselves as true attachments. security features built in and tested on with all major e-mail clients including eudora.

meta cloak

protect your meta tags from copyright violation! this free snippet of code will render you meta tags invisible to human users. spiders will not be effected. requires ssi.

mysql mate

manage and view the contents of multiple mysql databases. easily back up and restore multiple tables simultaneously to server of your hard drive.

qcart v.5

full featured, fast shopping cart and web store manager. features: categories, related items, full shipping options, account registration, profit and revenue sales reports and charts, instant cart technology, ssl and shared ssl support, mysql driven for speed and efficiency, search forms, multiple language support, manual billing, 2checkout.com, authorize.net and paypal, full support, free lifetime updates, customized/personalized formmail autoresponders. for those who want to make a success of their web store, with a roaring, prosperous trade backed by 100% support.

quick fix

quickly replace strings of text in one or multiple files on your server. update links, paths or tags across multiple files in multiple directories with one click.

quote displayer / random content generator

generate random content such as random images to keep your pages looking fresh. insert multiple content areas, not just one per page, to randomly or sequentially update multiple areas on the pone page. use to display inspirational or motivational quotes, random customer testimonials, random images, a different sales pitch for your products, random fun quotes, historical quotes or speeches, proverbs or blurbs, randomly change the color or your website pages, fonts or background graphics, for quote of the day, quote of the week, quote of the month or quote of the year. learn more

server size

server size is a free perl script for reading the size of a web site from any given starting point. simply set a starting point and it will return the total size (in kilobytes) of the directories it reads, to two decimal places.

speed search

this search script will blow away any other search script you've ever tried! allows you to index your site (triple the speed of the search) or perform a full live search, specify which folder/ files should be searched, option to have results returned in new or current window, custom header / footer and unlike most other search scripts, we do not display our copyright! find out more

task manager

organize your list of "things to do". assign staff to certain tasks. auto e-mails assigned members when task is created or updated.

upload lite

easily upload files to your server from your web page. set file size limit and types. email notifications. windows and unix. this well commented script will teach the intermediate perl programmer how to write upload scripts. successfully tested with files as large as 36 megabytes.

upload plus

all the features of upload lite, plus user can choose which folder to upload files to. plus admin can reply to user from your notification e-mail. ideal for galleries with multiple categories.

upload gold

the ultimate file upload system. control member's folder size limits. translate the program into any language, dual top level admin, edit source code, prevent overwrites, more.. successfully tested with files as large as 36 megabytes. currently in use on dozens of web sites.

upload pro

the ultimate file upload system with .htaccess directory protection built in. requires apaches web server software. create and manage members, custom sign up form with as many fields as you like, control disk space for individual members, autoresponders, member log in and profile/account update, this one has the lot!

website manager

not just an ordinary content management system, this script also allows you to manage your entire website. a real life saver when your ftp connection is down. web site manager is an advanced content management system that allows you to not only update every web page on your site, but also add non-technical users as administrators with directory access rights and privileges. 


javascripts - all scripts tested with firefox, internet exporer 5+, netscape navigator 4+, opera 5+ on macintosh osx and windows xp


read java hosting reviews to find suited host to support your website or program.


alert boxes

learn how to add your own title to alerts confirms and prompts (ie). select the icon, button types, and default selections. netscape will show a regular alert confirm or prompt.

browser sniffer

this javascript snippet will msie 4 and 5+, nn4 and 6, even the rarely used opera browser. it also detect the macintosh platform.

check email

this javascript detects email addresses that are in an invalid format. simply copy and paste the code. can be used to check unlimited number of email addresses entered in a form.

cookie redirect

have your visitors already seen your flash intro? you should know this and redirect them to your main page. allows you to set the number of days / hours cookie lives and the page visitor should be redirected to.

meta magic

quickly generate meta tags and page transitions in real time using meta magic, our meta tag generator.

sudokue

hours of fun with this free javascript version of the popular japanese numbers game, sudoku. successfully tested with msie, mozilla firefox, netscape navigator and safari for mac.

window maker

pop up window code generator. must see! use without connecting to the internet. options never before seen!

my list manager

mylistmanager.com allows you to utilize our most script for one low monthly fee. no cgi-bin? no problem! we host it, you use it. consolidator is the ultimate in email marketing enabling you to deliver email to your database of subscribers and track success rates of campaigns.













 speed search our site 
















plesk hosting


linux servers with plesk control panel, cgi-bin, crontab manager, mysql, php and asp.












survey software


create unlimited web based surveys on your website from your website














discounted scripts


subscribe to our periodial newsletter to receive special offers.





















bathroom hygiene










how often do you thoroughly clean your bathroom?



daily
every 2-3 days
weekly
fortnightly
monthly
annually








view results



view all polls
run polls just like this one on your website!






















about us |
contact us | 
script faqs |
script support | 
website hosting |
our policies |
store |
testimonials





subscribers log in here. subscribe to our periodical newsletter for special offers on commercial scripts, hosting, exciting business opportunities, and industry news and events. our mailing list software is powered by consolidator
    




 html
 plain text






©1999 - 2015 all content copyright perlscriptsjavascripts.com










proudly hosted by linuxhostingplans.com







