





ancient accepted scottish rite























































skip to content








 












history

history supreme council aasr degrees

organization

organization officers & trustees 33rd degree masons past presiding officers meritorious service award knights of st. andrew colonial degree team

members

membership member update form pricing sick and distressed report

news

news & events calendar news article submission gallery (facebook) informational videos

community

volunteer scholarships & charity children’s dyslexia center fundraising website dayton masonic foundation website almoner’s fund website

contact us
x
 












 
(937)222-9103




















embark on a legendary journeyview our eventswe believe that mankind should be just thatfind out morenot just a man.a mason.find out more.men don't need the samelast name to be brothers.join us. 

 

 











 










                    history                
information about the history of the scottish rite, freemasonry and the valley of dayton aasr, the supreme council and detail on each of the 33 degrees.



 







 










                    membership                
learn more about membership, pay your dues, update your contact information, submit a sick & distressed report or get involved!



 







 










                    organization                
over the years there have been many misconceptions learn more about the 33 degree masons, current and past members and teams.



 







 










                    charity                
since 1934, scottish rite in the northern jurisdiction has directed, financed & sponsored scholarships, funds and foundations. 



 



















 







the journey begins in the heart 



we are the men of scottish rite freemasonry. select, worthy, and deeply bound by our core values: integrity, justice, service to humanity, tolerance, devotion to country, and reverence for god. do you feel the call of scottish rite freemasonry? look inside for the answer. 






 




							our vision						


						we will strive to be a fraternity that fulfills our masonic obligation to care for our members.					









 




							our mission						


						ensure activities are convenient. provide enjoyable programs and fraternal fellowship. inspire our members by emphasizing our core values: reverence for god, devotion to country, integrity, justice, tolerance, and service to humanity.					










 
get to know us




















upcoming events







 







						midwinter reunion – february 8  – in cincinnati — special bus ticket available!					

this year we travel to cincinnati for the midwinter reunion, where we will join the valleys…


                                            read more                                        











						vino las vegas! children’s dyslexia center annual fundraiser					

come out for a fun night and support our children’s dyslexia center of dayton! this year’s…


                                            read more                                        











						fall reunion honoring walter f. wheeler, 33° – fees covered by valley of dayton					

our fall reunion honors ill. walter f. wheeler,  33°. for this special event only, the valley…


                                            read more                                        





 

















 






 
525 w. riverview ave., dayton, oh 45405-4702




 
contact@daytonaasr.org





 
(937)222-9103











sign up for updates from aasr! 



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.email *submit 








quick links 







 
organization





 
membership





 
community





 
web links











about us 







 
home





 
news & events





 
contact us





 
joining























copyright © 2025 aasr - the valley of dayton, all rights reserved.
 
















































