






free tarot readings, free astrology reports, free numerology reports, free rune casts



























home
star charts
blog
contact us
policies
site disclaimer



















 


astrology, tarot, numerology


daily oracles and astrology influences



tarot



ancient symbols



chakras



animal spirits



charms



fortune





thoth tarot



 domino



planets



rune



lenormand



mahjong
















tarot resources



tarot
minchiate tarot
oráculos en español
greenwood tarot
daily tarot card
crowley thoth card
tarot (legacy)
minchiate tarot (legacy)
your personal cards





ancient symbols



ancient symbols oracle
daily personal ancient symbols
daily ancient symbol (simple)
as past present future





astrology resources



daily horoscopes
daily lovescopes
astrology romance
natal reports
astro-compatibility
birthday profiles
chinese astrology
today's planets





other oracles



daily chakras
animal spirits
numerology
mahjong oracle
dominoes oracle
9 star ki
gong hee fot choy
madame lenormand
fortuneteller
rune casts
book of fate
charm casts
i ching
i ching for lovers
daily influences
ouija board
crystal ball
psychic eight ball
lucky dog oracle
fortune cookies





extras



wisdom of buddha
words of confucius
what's important
psychic computer
your archangel





self awareness



esp tests
bio-compatibility
biorhythms
intimacy inventory
esteem inventory
romance inventory
sensuality inventory
sexual attitudes
personality inventory















astrology compatibility & romance report




explore your relationship or potential relationship with our free astrology compatibility and romance report. this report compares a couple's individual natal horoscopes to evaluate their romantic and platonic compatibility. the report uses	many of astrology's basic elements such as zodiac signs and aspects to determine the future outlook for a match. get your free romance assessment.









elizabeth gilbert: your elusive creative genius





"eat, pray, love" author elizabeth gilbert muses on the impossible things we expect from artists and geniuses -- and shares the radical idea that, instead of the rare person "being" a genius, all of us "have" a genius. 
view more videos
 



daily horoscopes






aries



taurus



gemini



cancer



leo



virgo







libra



scorpio



sagittarius



capricorn



aquarius



pisces







daily love horoscopes






aries



taurus



gemini



cancer



leo



virgo







libra



scorpio



sagittarius



capricorn



aquarius



pisces







birthday celebrity natal horoscopes for february 17, 2025



paris hilton
				  
							chord overstreet
				  
							joseph gordon-levitt
				  
							taylor hawkins
				  
							arthur kennedy
				  
							jerry o'connell
				  
							meaghan jette martin
				  
							jim brown
				  
							mary ann mobley
				  
							red barber
				  
							red barber
				  
							alan bates
				  
							lou diamond phillips
				  
							bryan white
				  
							bonnie wright
				  
							hal holbrook
				  
							denise richards
				  
							michael jordan
				  
							billie joe armstrong
				  
							rene russo
				  
							rebecca adlington
				  
						
get your free personal natal horoscope.

 

popular blog entries


libra astrology and the metaphysical qualities of her true birthstone - rubellite tourmaline
what is your most favorite season of the year? is it spring with nature waking up or the late summer with long evenings still warm enough to sit out? or is it the colorful season of autumn or the crispness of winter?
i am a person who needs a lot of sun. i think i am still catching up with a life time of gray and cold weather in germany where i grew up. i was visiting in april/may this year and in the 5 weeks i was there we had 6 days of sun. that is not enough for me. but i know people who love the winter sports and revel in the cold and snow. what i am getting at here is that we have all this different, very specific qualities throughout the year. and like it is smart to be prepared for snow with winter boots and a warm coat you can prepare yourself for other particularities throughout the year as well. 
read more

the royal family:  those mysterious court cards

court cards give readers fits! do they represent the person being read for? other people? if so, what other people?  help!  who are they???
a simple approach to court cards is the family reunion.
if you've never been to a "gathering of the clan," try to imagine one.  it may look something like this:  cousin tom (a childhood bully) runs around telling everyone how much weight they've gained.  right behind him comes   peacemaker howard, explaining how tom didn't really mean the things he said.  across the room,   egocentric aunt helen has cornered quiet brother billy, and is torturing him with unending stories of how she strategized a hostile take-over of her competitor's company.

read more

astrology forecast for september 2013 - general tendencies for all sun signs
the first twelve days of september may be a little difficult with mars focusing his potency on a few different outer planets. mars is energy, so we may be feeling extra tired, or we may find ourselves working harder than we expected. but, all will be changing by yom kippur, september 14th, and life should be shaping up nicely by the un international day of peace, september 21st. be careful not to overspend after the fall equinox on september 22nd, because you will probably need that money in october. 
read more


 
















you by your number
people have studied the relationships of numbers to dates and names for over 2500 years.they explore these associations to:
show me my number












consult the crystal ball
to consult the crystal ball type your question below, concentrate onyour query and submit your question.



submit your question

















 



copyright 2005 - 2025 © e-tarocchi.comall rights reserved









 

