


melody ranch motion picture studio





















tel: (661) 259-9669







home
stages
western/main st.
backlot
production facilities
props
tours/ museum
map
virtual tours









                since 1915, when the studio was first opened for business, an endless string of hard  riding shoot-em-ups have been produced at this location. monogram studios made  750 "b" westerns before selling the ranch to singing cowboy gene autry in 1952.  legendary cowboy actors, including william s. hart, gary cooper, tom mix, roy  rogers, bill boyd, and john wayne filmed their westerns here until 1962 when a  fire swept through placerita   canyon destroying the  main western street. gene autry maintained the rest of the ranch for his horse champion until the horse passed in 1990. he then put the ranch up for sale and the veluzat brothers purchased it. melody ranch has been brought back to life  with the restoration of the famous western street. melody ranch studio features  a massive western town with interiors in the saloon, bank, jail, general store,  hotel, church, school, livery stable, and theatre. there is a farm house, ranch  house, victorian home, and beautiful spanish / adobe hacienda all with  interiors. there are many stairways, balconies, and hundreds of feet of boardwalks that round out this amazing film location.
melody ranch studio in santa clarita valley, california is a 22 acre back lot all  located in the 30 mile zone. the  studios sound stages range from 11,200 to 22,000 sq. ft., 35 to 45 foot tall  ceilings with clear spans, cat walks, 6600 amp electric service, 80-200 ton air  conditioning, 6000 sq. ft. of storage rooms, drive in doors, insulated in  black, sound proofed and audience rated. for  all your production needs, melody ranch studio features several thousand square feet of production offices completely furnished with multiple phone availability. also, available for rent are art department offices with drafting  tables, and conference rooms. there are hair, make-up, wardrobe facilities, and a cafeteria. for all your construction needs, there is a complete mill stage with power and construction offices all for rent. there is excellent parking for cast, crew and production equipment. melody ranch studio has a complete prop house on site with  western set dressing, interior and exterior props.
contact melody ranch studio today for availability, scouting, or to book your next production and experience the main street where famous westerns were made such as, the lone ranger, wyatt  earp, gunsmoke, hopalong cassidy, annie oakley, rin tin tin, the cisco kid, deadwood, tall tails, last man standing, magnificent seven, django, westworld season 1 & 2, and once upon a time in hollywood. yes, many things have changed but the old west hasn't... at least not at melody ranch studio.





westworld season 1&2
                            




once upon a time in hollywood
							




deadwood
							




oscar winning film django, filmed at melody ranch
                            




the last stand - arnold schwarzenegger
							
















		        famous singing cowboy and former owner of melody ranch gene autry pictured with paul veluzat, and current owners renaud and andre veluzat.









contact our office at:
  		                                tel: (661) 259-9669

info@melodyranchstudio.com
  		                                p.o. box 220597
                                        newhall, ca 91322
                                        
vip tours and museum
                                        (661) 286-1188
                                        


melody ranch studio
                                        24715 oak creek
                                        newhall, ca 91321












copyright 2022 melody ranch.



