 


















oldies but goodies cocker rescue |








































skip to main content








home
adoptdogs available
adoption events
adoption policies
adoption process
choosing the right dog
why adopt?
about cockers

volunteerfoster
transport
help at adoption events
other ways to help

donatedonate online
donate by mail
donate items
cfc and work place giving

aboutobg timeline
about breed specific rescue

connectevents & fundraisers
blog - obg cocker connection
obg news
newsletters
obg photo albums
education & resources
happy tails
obg alumni

shopshop for a cause
free ways to help obg

contactinquiries
surrender request
update your contact info

 







v
j
a
p
t










oldies but goodies cocker rescue





















  
 foster homes needed! 
 obg almost always has a need for foster homes. can you open your home to help one of these precious pups? there are different fostering options--short term, long term, and weekend/vacation. please email volunteer@cockerspanielrescue.com if you can help. 
 
 fostering saves lives!  





 



helping cockers, young and old








        		adopt jolly the good fellow!    	    


jolly is such a jolly, happy boy! jolly is looking for his forever home where he will give loads of licks and warm hugs!  he's a 4 year old, 12 pound shih tzu/poodle/terrier mix. interested in adopting jolly? please send us an email to learn more at adoptme@cockerspanielrescue.com! 

 
 

 
 








b
adopt

save a life, adopt!  check out all our adoptable dogs and learn more about adopting through obg.





o
volunteer

we need you!  learn how your time can make a difference for this all-volunteer group.





c
donate

every little bit counts!  feel confident knowing that your donation will go directly to the dogs.
cfc# 27768





2
shop

use our links for amazon smile or igive
for shopping - we get $$$!  and shop for a cause, by purchasing items for which obg gets a donation!.





l

donate what you can to help
your tax deductible donation provides medical care and temporary boarding for 200 dogs per year.



donate






news




 2025 sweetest things calendar 
  
 twelve months of furry fun! order your calendar today for $25 plus shippping.  these calendars make wonderful holiday gifts! https://...learn more  

 we need your pupdates! 
  
 we love hearing about obg alums!  one of the greatest parts of rescue, is receiving pupdates - photos and info - on our alums.  please make...learn more  

 grounds & hounds coffee 
  
 obg beaned up with grounds & hounds coffee to offer a special discount for you, your family and friends! using code obgcr you will receive 15%...learn more  

 


 



upcoming events



  
 23mar 
 debbie davenport memorial bowlathon 
 2:00 pm @ bowlero  
 
 


 



featured dogs




 stripe 
  
 oh, stripe is such a cutie patootie!  he's super sweet, cuddly and happy when by your side. stripe is only 3 years old and is a 12-pound shih-tzu-... learn more  

 bingo 
  
 drumroll please!!!  the dna is back!  bingo is the cutest, friendliest little chihuahua, sheltie, poodle mix around!  bingo is smart and intuitive... learn more  

 jolly 
  
 for he's a jolly good fellow, and we're thrilled he's ready to find his forever home!  jolly is a jolly 12-pound, 4'ish year-old shih tzu-possibly... learn more  

 


 


 









our mission

to rescue, rehabilitate and rehome cocker spaniels and spaniel mixes of all ages, while providing a positive experience for our community of adopters, volunteers and supporters









 
volunteer. donate. review.  




 

 







facebook

like us on facebook 








contact

r 703.533.2373 (voice mail)
h info@cockerspanielrescue.com
l www.cockerspanielrescue.com
mailing
po box 6573
arlington, va 22206
donations
**due to covid19, online appreciated**
po box 30821
bethesda, md 20824





copyright ©2024 oldies but goodies cocker rescue. all rights reserved.





