






kalani tropicals – order tropical flowers shipped direct from our flower farm on kauai, hawaii.
































































 
















 
flower shop

arrangements

poipu beach bouquet
wailua river flower display
hanalei bay tropical arrangement
best of kauai collection


seasonal specials

tropical holiday special
hawaiian sweetheart special


extras

chocolate macadamia nuts
custom gift card
flowers of hawaii calendar 2025


account

cart
login / register
order history / settings




our farm

updates from the farm
all about anthurium flowers
learn about ginger flowers
exotic heliconia flowers
facts about hawaiian foliage


help

contact us
care tips
faqs
privacy policy





cart





your cart is currently empty. 






 












our plants have earned a well deserved break and need to grow more flowers. sorry for the inconvenience.learn more

order tropical flowersdirect from kauaialoha and welcome! we are a family-run flower farm that grows and ships the best quality hawaiian tropical flowers to the mainland usa. bringing over 20 years of floral excellence to your doorstep, we’ve been helping people order tropical flowers online since 1997. we pride ourselves on offering beautiful flowers, excellent service, and prompt delivery. you can buy several different-sized tropical flower arrangements year-round and unique seasonal specials throughout the year.
the flowers and foliage for each gift are picked fresh daily, specifically for your flower order, carefully arranged, and packed to be sent via fedex for quick delivery. shipping is included in all prices. we’ve delighted thousands of customers across states from texas to alaska with our tropical flower orders. we hope you enjoy browsing our online flower shop. support a farmer and consider ordering tropical flowers for a special occasion, a “thank you” gift, or simply to bring a bit of paradise into someone’s life.
browse our tropical arrangements







free shippingwe ship flowers throughout the united states. fedex 2nd day shipping is included in all prices.
long lastingtropical flowers generally stay fresh looking for a week or two. longevity depends on the conditions the flowers are displayed.
happy customerswe are an independent tropical flower farm that has been selling flowers online for over 20 years helping thousands of customers.
ready to displayour flowers come arranged tied together at the stems. rinse off any packing material and place in a vase.
our flower shop


read more





best of kauai collection$325.95
read more





hanalei bay tropical arrangement$169.95
read more





wailua river flower display$124.95
read more





tropical beehive special$94.95
read more





poipu beach bouquet$89.95
add to cart





chocolate macadamia nuts$9.95
select options

		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	



custom gift card$3.95
 







about us kalani tropicals is a family-owned tropical flower farm and florist based on the beautiful island of kauai, hawaii. since 1997, we’ve been dedicated to providing premium, fresh tropical flowers and arrangements to customers across the mainland usa. we specialize in seasonal hawaiian flowers, hand-picked daily, and offer convenient fedex 2nd day shipping at no additional charge. saturday delivery is available in most areas at no extra cost. please note, vases are not included unless specified. we’re proud to help you send aloha to friends and loved ones with our expertly crafted floral gifts.



farm updates


sold out for orders february 17 – 21
february 15, 2025


happy valentines day! hau’oli la aloha! (happy day of love)
january 24, 2025





© 2025 kalani tropicals. do not republish without permission. privacy policy.


 




 






























