




























granite island group










granite island group 




home
quote
schedule sweep
products
services
our technologies
our clients 
about us





 | bug detection equipment |
    osc-5000 |
    nje-4000 |
    cpm-700 |
    cma-100 |
    related tscm gear |
    encryption |
    sweep gear | 


 | bug sweep services |
    wiretap detection |
    tracking device detection |
    physical inspection |
    computers |
    phone inspection |
    engineering | 


 | radio frequency analysis |
    line tracing |
    reflectometry |
    telephones |
    network analysis |
    physical
quality reports | 


 | company mission statement |
    history |
    why we are the best |
    about granite island group |
    our president | 








 


home page
warning signs 
defenses 
types of bugs
coverage areas 
bug sweep pricing 
helpful tips 
background 
qualifications 
expectations 
faq 
tscm library
17 ghz rabbit
militia


 
technical tutorial links
noise/sensitivity 
modeling
wavecom 
video surveillance
spread spectrum 
tscm antenna methods 
wireless microphones 
frequency allocation
tempest 
bug frequencies 
dtv signal analysis 
sweep gear 


 
executive presentations
phone bugging ppt 
cordless phone ppt 
vehicle surveillance 


 
secret places
north korea secrets
great eastern wind
china v. taiwan
taiwan v. china
china/dprk facilties
dark spots













 


background
founded in 1987 and located near boston, massachusettss, granite island group, is the internationally recognized leader in the field of technical surveillance counter measures (tscm), bug sweeps, wiretap detection, surveillance technology,  communications security (comsec), counter-intelligence, technical security, and spy hunting. 
mission statement 
 granite island group provides expert technical, analytical and research capability for the detection, nullification, and isolation of eavesdropping devices, technical surveillance penetrations, technical surveillance hazards, and physical security weaknesses... simply put, we hunt spies, stop espionage, and plug leaks.
granite island group was initially formed to provide tscm and sigint training services to the army intelligence school located at fort devens, ma. engineering, design, and related services were also provided to various research facilities and defense contractors throughout new england. these services also included product design, fully instrumented tscm surveys, bug sweeps, wiretap detection, scif compliance inspections, shielding evaluations, and other engineering services related to the technical security and protection of classified information.
design projects included the development of several briefcase and man-pack systems used for signals exploitation and surveillance, along with suites of software products used to control test instruments for automated ecm, sigint, signals analysis, tempest, tscm and related measurements.
in 1989 the services offered were expanded to include the design, installation, and maintenance of high performance computer networks used in secure facilities. this included performing tscm, wiretap detection, and bug sweep services on desktop computers, data networks, and pbx/ess systems to identify weaknesses which could allow technical penetrations or the compromise of classified or sensitive information. at the time there was only one company in the entire country who could do this... and we were it.
granite island group currently provides tscm, bug sweeps, wiretap detection, and communications engineering services to a wide range of clients and has become one of the most respected names in the industry.

 

 

granite island group has had an internet presence since 1987, and james atkinson has been active on the internet since the mid 1970's. with the growth on the internet in the early 1990's came an ftp/uucp library, then an irc reflector, and a dedicated e-mail based list for discussion and to publish and exchange files related to tscm and ongoing projects. with the advent of "mosaic browsers" several years later the informational files and documents were converted to http (or hypertext documents) and placed on a dedicated domain in 1994 (www.tscm.com)
the web site developed to over 1,950 publicly assessable documents related to tscm, technical counter-intelligence and technical security which involves well over 78,200 printed pages. the site currently handles an average of over 4,500 visitors a day from all over the world. it is the first, the largest, and most complete site anywhere on the internet dedicated to tscm, technical counter-intelligence, and technical security.
 

 


    warning signs that you have been bugged


    what is bug sweeps and bug detection all about?


    frequently asked questions - faq 


    what to do if you think you have been bugged


    how to commission someone to check for bugs


    types of bugs and wiretaps


    wiretapping 101 ("outside plant" devices)


    phone set bugging and modification techniques


    surveillance threat levels


    what does a bug sweep involve?


    what does a bug sweep cost?

 

 




o divine art of subtlety and secrecy!
through you we learn to be invisible, through you inaudible;
and hence hold the enemy's fate in our hands.

-- sun tzu, the art of war, c. 500bc




 

 



    granite island group - who we are, what we do


    granite island group mission statement



    granite island group profile and backgrounder



    background and qualifications - james m. atkinson


    questions to ask tscm specialists
 the gold list
 

    bug sweep equipment methods, and reviews 
 

    helpful books to read, and training to attend 


    tscm-l archives, over 10,000 messages 

 

 


tscm 101 - the technical "meat and potatoes" 
the following are a series of brief entry level tutorials regarding 
specific areas and topics relative to tscm and methods used to find 
bugs and other eavesdropping devices.
 

    tutorial on basic bug sweep equipment 
     start here if you need equipment


    noise and sensitivity


    modeling eavesdropping devices


    tscm antenna methods and protocols


    wireless microphones revisited


    the wavecom eavesdropping threat


    video signal eavesdropping threat


    detection, isolation, and evaluation of spread spectrum signals


    frequency allocation basics


    tempest basics


    basic bug frequencies


    dtv signals analysis


    tutorial on basic sweep gear

 

 




no enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed 
from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
-- niccolo machiavelli, the prince, 1521




 

 


techniques used to find bugs and other technical security threats


    spectral analysis of rf bugging devices


    common rf bugging frequencies


    time domain reflectometry analysis (wiretap locating)


    time domain reflectometry tutorial

 

 


we are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth... 
for my part, i am willing to know the whole truth; to know the worst; 
and to provide for it. -- patrick henry 


 

 


u.s. laws regarding electronic surveillance 


    executive order 12333 - united states intelligence activities


    title 50, chapter 36 - foreign intelligence surveillance


    title 18, chapter 119 - oral, wire, and electronic communications interception


    title 18, chapter 121 - stored wire and electronic communications records access


    title 18, chapter 205 - searches and seizures


    title 18, chapter 90 - economic espionage act of 1996


    deepwater doo doo - u.s. government conned out of several tens of billion dollars

 

 


tscm and bug detection equipment reviews

 spectrum analyzers

 antennas and signal acquisition

 vector signal analysers

 demodulation and rf intercept equipment

 time domain reflectometers

 oscilloscopes

 multimeters

 craft instruments

 tscm specific instrumentation

 non linear junction detectors

 acoustic tscm equipment

 physical search equipment

 photographic and imaging instruments

 auxillary instrumentation

 ancillary instrumentation

 video instrumentation

 special purpose vehicle consideration (spv)

 

 



    "and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make 
                you free." - john 8:32 kjv 


 

 



    ad majorem dei gloriam
cryptographic devices and "scramblers"


    tutorial on real world cryptographic devices and scrambling equipment
tscm product catalog "bug and wiretap detectors"


    tutorial on basic sweep gear
equipment index



    used equipment index



    telephone equipment index


 |             home
 |             what is tscm
 |             types of bugs
 |         warning signs you're bugged
 | 
 |         how to behave if bugged
 |         tscm threat levels
 |         how to engage a tscm firm
 | 
 |             qualifications
 |         tscm protocol
 |                 bug frequencies
 |             phone taps and bugging
 | 
 |             signal analysis
 |                 tdr analysis
 |             tdr tutorial
 |         wiretapping
 |             training 
 |                 tools
 | 
 |                 equipment
 |             osc-5000
 |                 kaiser
 |             riser bond
 |                 avcom
 |              search rcvrs
 | 
 |             outside links
 |                 recommended tscm books
 |         tscm reference library
 | 
 |         recommended u.s. tscm firms
 |                 tscm-l mailing list
 | 




for a confidential consultation please e-mail: jmatk@tscm.com


granite island group
          gloucester, ma 01930


telephone: (202) 870-8252 



the first, the largest, the most popular, and the most complete tscm, 
    bug sweep, spy hunting, and counterintelligence site on the internet.




about us |
     contact us |
    ©2010, granite island group, all rights reserved |
    vocatus atque non vocatus deus aderit







