














home - credit union of new jersey


















































skip to content


we’re hiring! check out a list of open positions here.
credit union of new jersey will never ask for account number, debit credit card number, pin or password via e-mail, text or over the phone. learn more about fraud prevention here.
we will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of presidents' day.










about us
contact us
work with us
are you an employer?





 become a member

 apply for a loan

 schedule an appointment

 chat with eddy













e-banking login

bank




bank


personal banking

savings
checking
credit cards
investing
savings rates


business banking

business deposit accounts
municipal accounts
business credit card
business lending
business deposit rates
business services







making banking personal again.
banking. money. finances.we pride ourselves on making dealing with your everyday banking personal and easy.
learn more 










borrow




borrow


loan payments
skip a loan payment
auto & truck loans
rv, boat & motorcycle loans
personal loans
lifestyle loans
student loans
home equity products
mortgages
mortgage loan originators
loan protection and insurance
loan rates





borrowing is another word for dream-making.
whether a new car, a home improvement project or a dream vacation, our loans are your opportunity to take a journey.
learn more 










invest


connect




connect


mobile banking
e-banking
itms
fraud protection
overdraft protection
same day ach
loan protection and insurance
on-demand product sheets
membership eligibility
refer a friend
search knowledgbase
forms & disclosures
all rates
ask us anything





there's nothing more human than connection.
our online and mobile-forward options for banking and managing your financial life are personalized and easy to use.
learn more 










financial well-being




financial well-being


financial tools

seminars
money management
balance
savvymoney® checkup
auto buying center
college resource center


financial resource center
relationship rewards
prosper together





you're in control of your financial destiny.
we've given you the tools. now we're empowering you to take control of your financial future, one topic at a time.
learn more 









about us
contact us
work with us
are you an employer?
 schedule an appointment
 refer a friend
 search
 locations










e-banking login





tools 

contact us 
search the site 
locations 
e-banking login 

































pay for your future with our student loans.
education is the single-most valuable asset in securing a better future for yourself. we’re able to help you finance it. with reasonable rates, a 5-minutes-or-less online application and fee reductions, there’s no better time to take the next step into your future. 
cover your education costs today













earn more. do more. be more.
take every dollar further with our high-yield kasasa checking products. 
earn endlessly
learn more













at least your money is growing.
life is unpredictable. growing your money shouldn’t be. with a 7-month, 4.50% apy³ share certificate from credit union of new jersey, you can grow your money—guaranteed. 
open yours
learn more













turn this moment into a milestone.
with interest rates lowering, now’s the time to finally buy your first home, or lock in a lower rate for your current home—leading to significant savings over the life of your loan. 
lock in that great rate today













apply. accelerate. arrive.
our auto loans are like a turbo injector for your finances. with flexible terms, rates as low as 5.24% apr² and no payments for 90 days³, you can turn your auto aspirations into financial acceleration. get the ride of your dreams and free up money for life’s other adventures. 
apply online now















financial tools
for every need, there’s a way we can help.
financial education will turn your financial challenges into opportunities.
with our help you can take ownership of your financial wellbeing today.
it's time to take control.







buying a vehicle
car-buying doesn't have to be a pain! we're here to walk you through every step.
let's get going







home buying/refinancing
the biggest purchase of your life doesn't have to be the hardest. let us guide you.
demystify home loans







setting up a budget
starting a budget is your first step to financial freedom and opportunity.
become a budget guru







planning for retirement
it's never too late to think about your golden years. we can start you on the path.
start planning







insurance
preparing for the worst means trustage™ auto, home, life and a d&d insurance.
get covered







financing higher education
with higher education comes more opportunities, but how can you afford it? let us show you how.
take me higher
















what do our memberssay about us?





“my experience is always great because the staff is attentive to my needs and always resolve them quickly, or answer any questions that i may have with their knowledge and expertise. thank you.”
tametrias miller
nov 25, 2024


“closing on a home equity loan was the best experience and most sufficient in dealing with a banking institution. the staff at the rt. 130 branch and peggy who processed my loan are true professionals, thank you again.”
john
nov 5, 2024


“cu of nj could not have made this transaction any smoother. i would give them more stars if i could!!!”
michael
nov 13, 2024











pause
play















for the next step and every step in your life.







												auto loans
											






rates as low as
5.24% apr¹

apply now 










												kasasa cash ® checking
											






enjoy
6.00% apy⁴
on purchases up to $25,000
learn more 










												lifestyle loans
											






rates as low as
7.24% apr⁵

apply now 










												home equity line of credit
											






rates as low as
7.99% apr⁶

apply now 













view all rates apply for a loan














 



mobile bankingyour wallet just got smarter. 

you’re smart. now your wallet is, too. with our suite of digital wallet-ready cards, security and intelligence go wherever you go. harness the power of seamless transactions with a touch in your favorite wallet app.














bank smarter














mobile bankinggo from someday to today's the day. 


look no further than zelle® to:

send money to friends and family easily.
settle up or split tabs with friends regardless of where they bank⁷.
send or receive money right from your credit union of new jersey mobile app or e-banking account.









learn more





 













ready for the unexpected.
								long-term insurance and wealth management strategies so you can invest with confidence.


invest wisely












our numbers don’t lie.
because we’re a not-for-profit financial institution, we are always laser-focused on serving our members and our community. we can reduce our fees, provide excellent service and ensure you directly benefit from our competitive lending and deposit rates.
here are a few ways we've directly impacted the lives of our members and community:




members helped(as of december 2023)



direct financial benefits(2022-2023)
$


amount donated to non-profits(2015-2023)
$




total member savingsfrom lower fees
$


annual membershousehold savings
$


member loan interest benefits
$




member kasasa rewards(2021–2024)
$


high-use member household benefits(2022–2023)
$


we have our sights set even higher.
								
								ready to join credit union of new jersey?
join us today















mission & values
what prosperity means to us.
since 1943, we've been on a mission to ensure our members and future members have the ability to be in control of their financial lives. at credit union of new jersey, we understand that financial health is only one part of prosperity—but it's one we specialize in and assist our members and their families with every single day. let us give you this financial strength. we're here to give you the freedom to prosper.


















membership has its discounts.
enjoy savings at hundreds of retailers, restaurants and services.
learn more















¹apr = annual percentage rate. all rates are subject to change without notice and based on credit history. minimum loan amount of $8,000 required for 60-month terms, $15,000 for 72-month terms and $20,000 for 84-month terms. payment examples are per $1,000 borrowed for model years 2019 – 2024: rates as low as 7.24% for 84 months = $15.21; as low as 6.99% for 72 months = $17.04; as low as 6.74% for 60 months = $19.68; as low as 6.49% for 48 months = $23.71; as low as 6.24% for 36 months = $30.53; as low as 5.99% for 24 months = $44.32. other rates and terms available. member eligibility required. refinancing available for financing from another lender. rates are effective september 4, 2024.
 

²valid on new and used auto loans. each auto loan closed during this promotion period will make no payments for 90 days. accepting the terms of “no payment for 90 days offer” will extend the maturity of your loan for at least 90 days but less than 110 days. if accepting the delayed first payment, you will not be eligible for any other skipping/delaying of your payment during this calendar year. interest will accrue during this period. payments made through payroll deduction or automatic payment will be deposited into your account for the time you are skipping/delaying your payment. refinances from existing cu of nj loans do not qualify. all loans are subject to credit approval. certain restrictions may apply. this offer can be discontinued at any time.
 

³apy = annual percentage yield. rate is effective as of february 1, 2025, and is subject to change without notice. penalty for early withdrawal may apply. fees could reduce the earnings. a $5 membership account is required for this promotion. new money only. one certificate, business certificate or ira certificate per person with a minimum deposit of $500 and a maximum deposit of $500,000. the 7-month certificate will renew as a 12-month certificate at the end of the 7-month period.
 

⁴account approval, conditions, qualifications, limits, timeframes, enrollments, and other requirements apply. a $5 deposit is required to open the account. at least 1 direct deposit, ach credit, ach payment or bill pay transaction(s) is required each monthly qualification cycle. enrollment and agreement to receive e-statements and at least 12 pin- based / signature-based debit card purchases are conditions of this account each qualification cycle. when your monthly kasasa cash account qualifications are met, daily balances up to and including $25,000 in your kasasa cash account earn a dividend rate of 5.98% resulting in an apy of 6.00%; and daily balances over $25,000 earn a dividend rate of 0.75% on the portion of the daily balance over $25,000, resulting in a range from 6.00% to 1.80% apy depending on the account’s daily balance. when your kasasa cash qualifications are not met, the dividend rate earned on the account’s entire daily balance will be 0.01% resulting in an annual percentage yield of 0.01% and atm withdrawal fees are not refunded. you will receive reimbursements up to an aggregate total of $25 for nationwide foreign atm withdrawal fees incurred within your kasasa cash account during each monthly qualification cycle when qualifications are met. a foreign atm fee reimbursement cap of up to $4.99 per transaction applies when qualifications are met. limit of one account per member. terms subject to change at any time. apy effective date 9/01/2023. kasasa cash and kasasa cash back are trademarks of kasasa, ltd., registered in the u.s.a.
 

⁵annual percentage rate (apr) effective as of october 1, 2022. subject to credit approval. financing available up to 60 months. rates as low as 7.24% for 36 months, 8.24% for 48 months, and 9.24% for 60 months. rates are based on credit worthiness. payment amount is determined by apr and term. the loan payment is $30.99 per $1,000 borrowed at 7.24% for 36 months. the loan payment is $24.53 per $1,000 borrowed at 8.24% for 48 months. the loan payment is $20.88 per $1,000 borrowed at 9.24% for 60 months. rates subject to change at any time. a five-dollar ($5.00) donation to the cu of nj foundation qualifies you for membership if you’re not already eligible through an employer group.
 

⁶apr = annual percentage rate. apr is subject to change without notice. the variable apr applicable to your account will be indexed to the prime rate as published in the wall street journal. as of december 19, 2024, the current prime rate is 7.50%. the maximum combined loan to value for all liens is 80% to receive a rate as low as 7.99% apr and is 90% to receive a rate as low as 8.99% apr. apr that can apply is 18.00% or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is less. apr may vary depending on credit history. homeowners insurance is required. flood insurance is required where necessary. member eligibility required.
 

⁷must have a bank account in the u.s. to use zelle.
 















contact us
							
609.538.4061
800.538.4061
branch locations
nmls #401368
transit #231278614


support
							
our rates
lost/stolen card
enroll in e-banking
atm locator


community
							
our foundation
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube


legal
							
privacy policy
website privacy
forms & disclosures
accessibility statement
ncua






get it on itunes
get it on google play



trustpilot






national credit union administration

equal housing lender
equal opportunity lender



© 2025 credit union of new jersey. all rights reserved. site designed and managed by raoust+partners.











e-banking login



(fake) login details
username

password



login details

username



password






forgot password?
investment login






enrolllearn moredemo





eddy is your new banking assistant who can provide instant answers to account inquiries, help you make account transfers and so much more.
say hello














search cu of nj

search the site


























