


airport codes - iata airport location identifiers










































 

airport codes

 





      airport codes >
       airports |
      primary airports |
      hubs

 • u.s.a. airports >
      by code |
      by name |
      by state

 • world airports >
      by code |
      by name |
      by city |
      by country


















     airport location identifiers, commonly known as airport codes, are
     assigned to airports throughout the world by the international air transport association (iata). 
     along with airline designators and transport document accounting codes,
     these three-character codes are required to identify airlines, destinations, and traffic documents.
     
     these three sets of codes are used by myriad computer systems to process passenger traffic and cargo traffic information
     smoothly and efficiently from beginning to end of each flight.
     


recent airport news

sa airport lands more international nonstop flights
       the expanded air access follows record traffic into and out of the alamo city airport in 2024.
       w. scott bailey.  american city business journals.  friday, 14 feb 2025 18:03:43 +0000.
       

m23 rebels seize key airport in eastern congo
       the rebels, who captured goma last month, are advancing south toward bukavu, the capital of south kivu. if they succeed, it would mark a major territorial gain and further weaken kinshasa's control in the east.
       africanews.  friday, 14 feb 2025 17:21:15 +0000.
       

visit this airport news page for more extensive news coverage.




commercial service airports

     the united states federal aviation administration (faa) designates
     publicly owned airports having more than twenty five hundred (2500)
     passenger boardings per year as
     commercial service airports.  of these airports,
     those having more than ten thousand (10000) passenger boardings per year
     are primary commercial service airports or simply
     primary airports while those having at least twenty five hundred
     (2500) and no more than ten thousand (10000) passenger boardings each year
     are nonprimary commercial service airports.
     
     all primary airports are further designated as
     large hubs,
     medium hubs,
     small hubs, or
     nonhubs,
     based on their share of total u.s. passenger boardings during the previous
     calendar year.
     


hub typepassenger boardings


large hubat least 1%


medium hub0.25% to 0.99%


small hub0.05% to 0.249%


nonhubless than 0.05%



     the larger hub airports generally offer scheduled air service to a broad
     selection of domestic and international destinations.  many of these
     airports feature shuttle services or automated people movers to assist
     passengers who are changing flights.  in addition, many of them have
     some form of direct intermodal ground connections to local bus and rail
     transportation systems.  however, few hub airports have direct
     connections to amtrak rail service or even regional bus service.
     

cargo service airports


     the faa also designates
     cargo service airports.  these airports
     are served by aircraft that provide air transportation of only cargo
     with a total annual landed weight of more than 100 million pounds. 
     "landed weight" means the weight of aircraft transporting only cargo
     in intrastate, interstate, and foreign air transportation.  an
     airport may qualify for both commercial service and cargo service.
     

reliever airports


     lastly, the faa designates publicly or privately-owned
     reliever airports that are used to relieve congestion at
     commercial service airports and to provide general aviation access
     to the overall community.
     

general aviation airports


     the remaining airports in the usa are commonly considered
     general aviation airports.  these airports represent the
     largest single category of airports in the united states of america. 
     note that this category includes privately owned, public use airports
     that enplane at least twenty five hundred (2500) passengers per year
     and receive scheduled airline service.
     
airport code tables












     on airportcodes.us, you will find u.s. airport tables that list primary
     and nonprimary commercial service airports and their passenger enplanement
     data as well as cargo service airports and their landed weight data. 
     most of the tables are sorted by airport code and include each airport's
     name, city, and state.  some of the tables are also sorted by airport
     name and by state abbreviation.
     
     information on this site was synthesized from publicly accessible data
     provided by the u.s.
     federal aviation administration and other sources.  note that
     airport classifications may change from year to year as their passenger
     or cargo traffic fluctuates.  airport codes for major airports
     in other american and overseas countries is available on our
     world airport tables
     and at the iata's airline and airport code search page.
     
icao codes

     the international civil aviation organization
     (icao) is a united nations agency that assigns a 4-letter identifier code
     to each airport.  in the united states, an airport's icao code usually
     consists of the letter "k" followed by its 3-letter iata-assigned code. 
     in other countries, the first two letters of the icao code define the country
     and the last two letters define the airport.  an alphabetic list of
     icao airport codes may be viewed at wikipedia's
     icao codes page.
     
related airport resources

air traffic controllers - air traffic controller career information.
airport design - information about airport planning, siting, and development.
flightaware - information about aviation, flight tracking, and airport activity.




      3d airport illustration
      


      copyright © 2005-2025 zeducorp.
      all rights reserved.
      airportcodes.us is a chosen sites™ resource. 
      terms of use.
      to facilitate browsing, certain links will open in new windows.

airports, by code •
      airports, by name •
      airports, by state

airport codes






