



best online casino bonuses | latest casino bonuses 2020






















































 


skip to content 





 




menu 
home
sportsbook bonuses
poker bonuses
banking methods
news blog
 
















casino bonus guide












online casinos aren’t just convenient, and they don’t just offer the most gaming options for avid gamblers. while these are excellent reasons to play your favorite games over the internet, they aren’t the only ones, as online casinos offer one thing you’ll never find in a brick-and-mortar venue: the real money casino bonus!
our online casino bonus guide shares the latest casino bonuses available at the most trusted casino gambling sites, and it also explains everything you need to know about these promotions, how they work, what their terms and conditions are, and more.
from welcome bonuses and reload bonuses to friend referrals and rewards perks, you’ll learn how to use online casino bonus codes to boost your bankroll and hit the digital felts in style. we’re bonus geeks, and you can be one, too!

















best online casino sign up bonus offers




#casino namecasino bonus offerusa review/play




1400% max $4,000play now read review


2100% max $3,000play now read review


3100% max $5,000play now read review


4100% max $5,000play now read review


5150% max $3,000play now read review


6300% max $3,000play now read review


7200% 7 daysplay now read review


8100% max $3,000play now read review


9150% max $3,000play now read review


10400% max $10,000play now read review





















what is an online casino bonus?
an online casino bonus is different than the bonuses you’ll get at land-based casinos. the latter only offers rewards points for various free spins, comped drinks, hotel room upgrades, and the like. they don’t actually give you extra money with which to gamble. online casino bonuses, however, do just that. they’re literally free money!
all new members and most returning customers can claim a free casino bonus whenever they deposit funds into their betting accounts. most sites go beyond that, however, providing a host of promotions for every kind of gambling market offered. bonuses are completely optional, but friendly terms make them beneficial for most players.

















types of online casino bonus options

















there are multiple types of online casino bonuses, and they all work a little bit differently.  we felt it was well worth our time to introduce you to these variations so that you never miss an opportunity to get the most bang for your buck with these offers and promotions. in addition to attractive bonus offers, our recommended online casinos also offer some legit rewards programs.  you'll find information on those types of programs a little further down on the page.




















casino sign up bonus




new members usually get the best casino deposit bonus options at premium online casinos. typically called “welcome bonuses” or ‘sign-up bonuses”, these match your deposit by a certain percentage up to a certain dollar amount. if you deposit $500 into your account, and you accept a 200% match bonus, you’ll end up with a total of $1500 with which to play.
 




casino reload bonus




reload bonuses are often smaller than welcome bonuses, but they’re still substantial, and they work the same way. whenever you put more money into your online casino account, you’ll have the option to match that deposit with bonus cash to top off your bankroll. this works differently from site to site, with some casinos offering daily or weekly promotions. its always worth it to check their promos page to see the current offers.
 




bitcoin casino bonus




all offshore gambling sites – and only offshore gambling sites! – accept bitcoin (btc) and cryptocurrency deposits. because btc and altcoins are the easiest banking options for these sites to process, they sweeten the pot by increasing welcome and reload bonuses whenever members use crypto. btc also allows for same-day, fee-free payouts, so that’s another bitcoin bonus right there!
 




mobile casino bonus




offshore sites work hard to bring you mobile web app experiences that rival any downloadable iphone casino app or android casino app, and they often give special deposit bonuses and free-plays to those using mobile betting suites for the first time. gamble on the go and get paid for the convenience? you bet!
 




casino refer-a-friend bonus




if you enjoy playing casino games online, you’ll probably want to tell your friends. after all, the more people that play, the bigger the jackpots, and the better the payouts across the board. whenever you refer a friend, you can get a special referral bonus that gives you a percentage of however much that friend deposits – and they’ll get the same bonus, too.
 




casino daily bonus




some online casinos offer special bonuses for each day of the week. you might get a blackjack bonus on monday, a slots bonus on tuesday, a video poker bonus on wednesday, and so on. these rotate and are often seasonal, so always check out the promotions page at your favorite betting sites. 
 




casino no deposit bonus




these aren’t always available, but you can often find an online casino no deposit bonus at your site of choice. these are “chips” that you get just for signing up, usually worth between $25 and $50, and they allow you to start gambling – and winning – without investing a dime.
 


















how do online casino bonuses work?
































casino bonuses are straightforward, so there’s no real mystery about what to expect. essentially, when you make a deposit, you’ll either select a bonus from a menu of options or enter casino bonus codes that you find online or at the site itself (under the “promotions” tab).
this adds money to your account based on a percentage of your deposit, and you then use this money to gamble. it’s that simple. while there are terms and conditions attached, the requirements are easy to meet and are explained below.




















casino bonus codes
































not all sites require you to enter codes to claim bonuses, but most that do will have their free casino bonus codes posted right on the sites themselves.
entering a promo code while depositing activates the bonus, which then credits your account per the bonus terms and conditions. if you’ve ever used a promo code for a discount while shopping online, you know exactly how this process works.
in the last few years, it has become much more common for online casinos to provide a menu, button, or checkbox for claiming bonus offers, particularly since mobile casino gambling has become so popular.




















understanding online casino bonus terms & conditions

















while online casino bonuses let gamblers play more games, make bigger bets, and win more money, there are terms and conditions to be aware of. the three major aspects to understand about bonuses – that is, the “fine print” that actually matters – are the following:















casino bonus rollover






max cashout limits






bonus abuse warning










casino bonus rollover







rollover is the most important aspect of casino promos to be aware of. this is also called online casino playthrough, and the terms attached must be met before you can withdraw any winnings associated with your deposit bonus. let’s say you accept the following promo: 100% deposit match bonus up to $1000
if you put $100 into your account, this bonus will add another $100 to your digital wallet, for a total of $200. if the rollover/playthrough is set to 20x, that means that you must wager a total (i.e. “turn a handle”) of $200 x 20, or $4000, before withdrawing any associated winnings.
that may sound like a lot, but it isn’t. you can actually wager $4000 on $200 of seed money without ever depositing another penny into your account, as every bet you place goes towards your rollover requirement. (note: not all casino games will count towards your playthrough at 100%, and live dealer games are not eligible for promotional credit.)
while some less credible sites will have high rollover limits that make their bonuses difficult to cash out, the operators we play with and recommend all offer low playthrough casino bonus options. this allows you to claim your payouts sooner than you’d be able to at lesser sites.
 






max cashout limits







some bonuses will have max cashout limits attached to them. these can most often be found with online casino no deposit bonus options, limiting the amount you can win on a $25 “free chip” to $100 or $200.
after all, without the maximum payout on no deposit bonuses, pro gamblers could take the house for thousands without ever contributing to the casino, and that would be bad for everyone.
 






bonus abuse warning







casino bonus abuse is not as rampant as it once was, as most of the best online gambling sites have built-in protections against the contingency.
players used to make duplicate accounts to double up on bonus offers or play games like roulette where they’d bet on red and black at the same time (winning nothing and losing nothing, but contributing to the required rollover).
today, bonus abuse is more sophisticated and rare, though if you’re caught intentionally trying to game the system, your account could be closed and your bankroll forfeited.
 



















are casino bonuses worth it?

















in most cases, yes. of course, this depends on you. whether or not you should accept a bonus comes down to two factors:


how often you play
how soon you want your payouts


the more frequently you gamble, the easier it is to meet the bonus terms, which means that bigger bonuses are in your wheelhouse. if you play less often, you should opt for smaller bonuses so that you can cash out in a reasonable amount of time.
if cashing out regularly is of less concern because you prefer to keep your winnings in your online casino account, bigger bonuses shouldn’t be a deterrent even for infrequent gamblers.
bonuses are completely optional, so the choice is yours. that said, in our experience, we’ve found that these online casino promotions are suitable for over 95% of all players.

















online casino rewards

















in addition to the casino promotions online gambling sites offer, the top operators also have rewards programs for their members. these programs go by different names, sometimes called vip programs. when you join such programs, you’ll get comp points added to your account that allow you to reach certain tiers of membership (i.e. bronze, silver, gold, platinum, diamond, etc.).
different tiers give you different casino rewards, ranging from enhanced bonus offers, free entries into slots and blackjack tournaments, waived fees on withdrawals, and more. signing up is free, and we recommend that every player enrolls to maximize their online gambling experience.

















other types of gambling bonus offers

















the best online casinos often have other gambling markets to choose from, and these each come with their own bonus selections. in most cases, such bonuses and promotions cannot be used across markets. that is, a sportsbook bonus can’t be used for online poker, and a casino bonus can’t be used for betting on sports.

























sportsbook bonus


some online gambling sites will allow you to use your sports betting bonus on horse racing, but most don’t. and usually, a horse racing bonus won’t be a deposit match.instead, you’ll get horse racing rebates, which give you back a percentage of each wager regardless of whether your bet wins or loses.most sites with online racebooks have horse rebates worth between 3% and 7%, and they often vary depending on the track or type of race in question. 



sportsbook bonuses									



















online poker bonus


online poker bonuses are a special category and work differently from all other gambling bonuses. per industry standard bonus poker rules, these come with no rollover requirements of any kind.when you make a poker deposit, you’ll get a deposit match as usual, but this bonus cash is held in escrow and disbursed incrementally to you as you play poker or compete in various tournaments. the more you play, the more bonus funds you get released into your account.  



online poker bonuses									



















horse racing bonus


some online gambling sites will allow you to use your sports betting bonus on horse racing, but most don’t. and usually, a horse racing bonus won’t be a deposit match.instead, you’ll get horse racing rebates, which give you back a percentage of each wager regardless of whether your bet wins or loses.most sites with online racebooks have horse rebates worth between 3% and 7%, and they often vary depending on the track or type of race in question. 



coming soon									



















casino bonus faqs



















where can i find the latest casino bonuses for 2020?





we're so glad you asked! it is our primary mission in life to provide information about online casino bonus offers that are available right now.  the list of online casinos you see towards the top of this page includes each brand's current sign-up bonus.  





can i claim bonuses from more than one online casino?





absolutely.  there are no policies or regulations that prevent players from taking advantage of as many sign-up or reload bonuses as they want. just keep in mind that the majority of these offers are casino deposit bonuses that require a minimum financial deposit into your account in order to be eligible to claim the promotion.  





do all games qualify for casino bonuses?





the answer to this question will depend on the bonus terms and conditions at the online casino at which you are playing. some bonuses are restricted to a single game while other casinos will assign a value to each game to indicate how much weight it carries towards meeting playthrough requirements.  in most cases, the bonus offers almost always apply to slots, primarily because the outcome of slots is based solely on rng results and not any skill of the player.  games with any decision making or skill typically carry less value towards meeting wagering requirements. 





do i have to deposit money in order to claim a bonus offer?





most of the time, yes you do.  the majority of online casino bonuses require a minimum deposit and are structured as deposit match offers in which the casino agrees to match a specific percentage of a deposit up to a designated maximum amount.  the exception is no-deposit bonuses which true to their name, do not require any deposit.  





are online casino bonus offers legit?





the answer to this question depends on which online casino you are intending to gamble.  not all online casinos are created equal, and not all operators are legitimate. 
the online casinos you see on this page have been carefully vetted to ensure their bonuses and promotions are indeed genuine offers.  their wagering requirements are reasonable and attainable, and each of these brands is known for honoring the terms and conditions of their bonus and rewards programs.  





are casino bonus codes required?





each casino operates a little differently.  some casinos require bonus codes while others do not.  most of the online casino brands you see on this page do not require a bonus code in order to claim their sign-up bonus offers. however, this is subject to change at any time.  
if a code is required, you will be prompted to provide it at some point during the deposit process.  we recommend that you visit the casino promotions page every single time you log into your account to ensure you never miss out on a new or temporary offer.  the brands we recommend here are all industry leaders and since the bonuses are designed to be incentives, they want you to be well aware of any requirements, such as current bonus codes. 












 






casino zonemost trusted casinos
casinos accepting usa players
instant payout casinos
live dealer casinos
top online casinos
casino reviews
new online casinos
high roller casinos
no download casinos
casino bonus codes
instant casino bonuses
no deposit casino bonuses
bonuses by gameblackjack bonuses
slots bonuses
roulette bonuses
bonuses by softwarertg casino bonuses
rival casino bonuses
nuworks casino bonuses
topgame casino bonuses
wgs casino bonuses
microgaming casino bonuses
playtech casino bonuses
netent casino bonuses
bonuses by percent100% casino bonuses
200% casino bonuses
300% casino bonuses
400% casino bonuses
recent newsbodog launches new casino brand – slots.lv casinoaugust 1, 2013go wild casino offering unique $1000 bonus and live dealer actionmay 9, 2013us friendly old havana casino offers $5,000 to new playersapril 30, 2013digital chocolate and betable make tasty real money casino treatapril 25, 2013zynga places bet on uk with bwin.party for online gamblingapril 19, 2013 








problem gambling helpgamcare
20 questions
 

18+ only all promotions are available only to players above the age of 18.  t&cs apply to any and all offers.  please play responsibly.

 








© bonusgeek.com 2025				













