







huckins yachts | custom yacht builders and boat service































  

















904.389.1125




































new sportsman 38



new sportsman 38


 new construction 




yachts
quadraconic® hull
guide to custom
owner's perspective



pre-owned 




huckins
other
contact our broker
charter



 service & parts 




our service department
before & after gallery
full rate schedule
service agreement
join our team
approach to yard
contact service



 company 




about us
history
gallery
team
online store


news
videos
gallery

 contact 




approach to yard
what's near

















looking for a pedestrian yacht?
                keep on walking.

                    since huckins was first launched in 1928, our yachts have been and continue to be as unique as the people for whom they are created. 
                    by designing and building yachts with our customers — not just for them — we champion individuality in a world that sees 
                    fewer examples every day.
                

                    but don't let huckins' classic elegance give you the wrong impression. this is not your grandfather's yacht, and our high-performance 
                    hulls certainly aren't hewn from wood. huckins has been utilizing fiberglass composite core construction for 40 years (initially airex 
                    ® and today corecell™), and we were one of the first powerboat builders to do so. all of our yachts are 
                    built from the most modern materials available to reduce weight, increase strength and maximize fuel efficiency.
                

                    a huckins isn't for everyone, but we make no apologies. for those who appreciate uniqueness and custom craftsmanship, our yachts 
                    represent timeless elegance. visions come to life. and dreams come true. not to mention the lightest, sweetest-handling and fuel-stingiest 
                    yachts ever to put miles between you and the fuel dock.
                









                    huckins' heritage and brand: learn about the legendary quadraconic® hull and the sportsman 36.
                
view video











service
the only reason to service a boat elsewhere is if you have a screw loose.
service options









new construction
introduce yourself to the product of more than 97 years of perfectionism.
view new construction









merchandise
we invite owners, friends & admirers to display your huckins individuality.
view merchandise










featured brokerage listing
58' huckins offshore
                    "kemosabe"

                    this 3 stateroom/3 head layout radiates elegance and distinction. late model classic huckins repowered in 2010 with qsm11 cummins 670 hp. 
                    epoxy glassed exterior and epoxy bilges when built. traditional mahogany paneling in salon and owners stateroom.
                    the fly-bridge and large cockpit make her a practical fishing boat as well as a fast, seaworthy, blue water family cruiser.
                
view the listing




the latest news about huckins yachts









a new chapter for huckins, soundings online




 news
                        
the new owner of the iconic yard, bristol marine,says...






 dec, 16 2024 
                        
read 
                            














spot a huckins pt boat in the movies!




 news
                        
• they were expendable with john wayne (1945)...






 jun, 06 2024 
                        
read 
                            














sept. 6-8, 2024 rendezvous in newport, ri




 news
                        
greetings fellow huckins owners,we hope that thisfinds...






 may, 20 2024 
                        
read 
                            














vintage weekend journey & recap




 news
                        
if you haven’t experienced ocean reef club's...






 jan, 24 2024 
                        
read 
                            














bringing a 1990 rybovich 44’ back to life




 news
                        
when i was 12 years old, my father bought a 53’...






 dec, 01 2023 
                        
read 
                            














we are hiring!




 news
                        
huckins yacht corp. offers employees competitive wages...






 jul, 20 2023 
                        
read 
                            











 huckins yacht  ©2025 all rights reserved
3482 lakeshore boulevard, jacksonville, fl 32210






























































