





















































total randomness. | adventures of a media warrior — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































chretien
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














chretien







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








total randomness. | adventures of a media warrioradventures of a media warrior!


this is like so totally random.
mostly random thoughts and observations of life, ministry and media. the opinions listed here are mine and do not reflect those of my company or church.

view

recent entries
backlog
friends
profile


navigation

previous 5


links

ministry

my ministry blog
creative communications
singapore campus crusade for christ
 

personal

my deviant art page
evon's multiply site






october 10th, 2009

new weblog10/10/09
12:26 am   

ok i know i said a couple of weeks. but you know me. weeks can turn to months in the boomz of an eye. anyway, the new blog is now at http://thruthelens.cru.sg.

   
leave a comment


july 10th, 2009

see you on the other side…7/10/09
11:47 am   

after using mac osx for the past 5 years, i’ve finally gotten a pc again. primarily to do stuff at home when i leave my laptop at the office. stuff like playing games, the occasional blogging and photoshopping and what not. so after so many years, i’ve finally stepped back into the dark side. hehe… so with this momentous occasion, i’ve decided to transit my blog to wordpress. i’ll be searching for and tweaking some code for now and the new blog won’t be up for a couple of weeks. in the meantime, i’ll probably not blog much here… which is pretty much already the case.

   
leave a comment


april 10th, 2009

perspectives.4/10/09
02:05 am   

a mathematician, a statistician, and an accountant apply for the same job. the interviewer calls in the mathematician and asks "what do two plus two equal?"the mathematician replies "four." the interviewer asks "four, exactly?" the mathematician looks at the interviewer incredulously and says "yes, four, exactly."then the interviewer calls in the statistician and asks the same question: "what do two plus two equal?" the statistician says, "on average, four -- give or take 10%, but on average, four."then the interviewer calls in the accountant and poses the same question: "what do two plus two equal?" the accountant gets up, locks the door, closes the shade, sits down next to the interviewer, and says,"what do you want it to be?"

   
leave a comment


april 1st, 2009

unveiled4/1/09
10:41 pm   

"if the government of condemnation was impressive, how about this government of affirmation? bright as that old government was, it would look downright dull alongside this new one. if that makeshift arrangement impressed us, how much more this brightly shining government installed for eternity?with that kind of hope to excite us, nothing holds us back. unlike moses, we have nothing to hide. everything is out in the open with us. he wore a veil so the children of israel wouldn't notice that the glory was fading away—and they didn't notice. they didn't notice it then and they don't notice it now, don't notice that there's nothing left behind that veil. even today when the proclamations of that old, bankrupt government are read out, they can't see through it. only christ can get rid of the veil so they can see for themselves that there's nothing there." 2 cor 3:9-15 (the message)have i put on the veil again? have i chosen to be seen and evaluated by what i do, what i see, how 'strategic' i am?rather than what he has done?he has done it.it is finished.he lives.i live.freedom.

   
leave a comment


february 27th, 2009

wingclipped2/27/09
01:11 pm   

recently i've been in a very 'emo' (for lack of a better term) state. thinking about various issues as i examine my life and ministry. i have this nagging sense of having my wings clipped, of not being able to rise up to the challenge for lack of one. spiritual attack? i'm usually not quick to classify it as such though it certainly is a possibility. perhaps god is refining me in the fire. teaching patience through enduring all that i have to endure now.please pray for me.

   
leave a comment



powered by livejournal.com
































