 









birth pool | home water birth | birthing pools | la bassine uk
































































 


























 




     

 






0



no products in the basket.


basket 
total:£0.00









shop
international
faqs
blog
contact
 

shop
international
faqs
blog
contact
 


















find out why 
							
the world's most popular birth pool 
							 




a better planet for your baby 
							
explore the range 
							 









our journey




la bassine was founded in 2003 by an active advocate of water births. having experienced water birthing herself, she understood the needs and concerns of birthing mothers, and wanted to do her part to refine and evolve the experience for other women. this led to the development and production of the la bassine range of birthing pools and accessories.
through consultation with obstetricians, midwives and mothers, we have thoughtfully designed a range of pools with this holistic water-birthing experience in mind, providing a nurturing space where women could experience labour safely and confidently.

 


no birthing pool is manufactured to a higher standard, or ensures a safer or more nurturing environment for your baby to be born into. it’s no coincidence that la bassine birthing pools are the premier global brand.
combining style, comfort and practicality, la bassine has become the respected industry leader, recommended by maternity professionals all over the world.

 








find the right pool for you




bringing a child into the world is a momentous event. our birth pools have been meticulously researched, designed, manufactured and tested to meet this challenge. they represent the safest, most supporting waterbirth pools on the market, used by midwives and hospitals worldwide.

 browse our shop




 

add to basket


original regular birth pool with pool cover
£149.95






 

select options


original regular birth pool kit
£169.95






 

add to basket


maxi regular birth pool with pool cover
£149.95






 

select options


maxi regular birth pool, kit & liner
£199.95






we designed & produced the world’s first inflatable birth pool




over 100,000 birth pools sold

 visit shop








ultimate confidence & ultimate support




the wellbeing of every mother and baby will always be our priority, and the focus of everything we do. we consult medical authorities, and take advice from obstetricians, midwives and mothers; we’re constantly innovating, and implementing suggestions to further improve our products. recently, we’ve introduced transparent-sided pools to allow for greater medical monitoring. we ensure all the materials we use for our pools meet or exceed exacting health, safety and environmental standards, and each and every birthpool is rigorously product-tested by us before being dispatched to you.
all la bassine pools have been ergonomically designed to facilitate the holistic birthing experience, whether you’re planning a hospital or home water birth. the benefits of water births are well known. water is intensely calming, supports your body, and allows for ease of movement. the carefully planned features of our pools make it easier for you to adopt the most comfortable and natural positions during labour and birth, reducing the need for pharmacological pain relief. the pools themselves are reassuringly robust, and provide a private, relaxing space where you and your baby can enjoy the benefits of a water birth safely, and with confidence.

 



latest news




discover more about how la bassine are making water birthing ever more safe and comfortable for mothers across the world.

 read morewhy water birth can be the right option for youlabouring in water can make you feel more relaxed, and may also help with pain relief. learn all about water birth to decide whether it’s the right option for you. you may want to consider how you are going to actually make use of the......05 january, 2021la bassine birth pools: give birth in the comfort of your housewhether it’s a couple who wish to give birth in their local maternity unit, on the delivery suite, or at their own cosy home, an awful lot of them want to do it in water. so, what’s stopping you? well the short answer is… hardly......16 october, 2020la bassine – birthing supplieshere at la bassine birth pools, we have a wide variety of accessories and birthing supplies you can purchase from us which will no doubt help you make your water birth go even smoother. some of most popular birthing supplies include: la bassine liner the......20 july, 2020













original poolsoriginal regular birth pool with pool cover
original regular birth pool kit
original regular birth pool kit with liner
 



maxi poolsmaxi regular birth pool with pool cover
maxi regular birth pool kit
maxi regular birth pool, kit & liner
 



original professionaloriginal professional pool with pool cover
original professional pool, kit with liner
original professional pool with 10 liners
 



maxi professionalmaxi professional pool with pool cover
maxi professional pool, kit with liner
maxi professional pool with 10 liners
 













contactla bassine birth pools
telephone: 01442 506330
email: info@labassinebirthpools.co.uk 





social 





shipping - terms & conditions - privacy policy© 2025. all rights reserved.
crafted by verstaan. 
































































































