



barovelli.com







 
 
 
 

how do you spell baravelli?





home
music
teevee
projects
faq
blog
contact






	hello neighbors at rio grande ranchos

are you lucky (?) enough to have gotten in on the colorado land boom 
		of the 70s? live anywhere near unit 41? feel free to say hi!
i got a letter from costilla county assessor this month. when it 
		began with a notice of change in value i figured that they were trying 
		to get more taxes out of us (i pay $42 a year) i was surprised to see 
		that they lowered the value on my lot. dang, there goes the 
		neighborhood.


click the picture for a 700kb large image


get any letters with purchase agreement - this is an 
offer for your property?
i started documenting the many lowball offers for my land. are you a fellow 
		owner that wants to see what others are getting offered?
		go to the list of  offers page.
real home, for now
it's pacific grove, the last home town. here are a few pages 
of pagrovia





the 
		feast of lanterns 
		was a summer weeklong event culminating in a day of 
entertainment at the beach, with fireworks (often shrouded in fog) ending the 
event. the celebration is no longer held, canceled by cultural complaners.





good old days 
is a street fair that begins with a small town parade. all  of downtown is blocked off and various 
wares are sold. in the past more handcrafted items were sold than the imported & 
mass produced items seen lately. 





the butterfly 
parade 
		celebrates the 
annual return of the monarch butterflies to pacific grove. all of the town's 
schoolchildren turn out in costume and march down the main street and back up to 
robert down elementary, where carnival games are played and food is sold. 
happens every october.




i found an old "ford 
times" magazine from 1977 highlighting the butterfly parade. 
i 
		transcribed the article and shared it. 





holiday 
parade of lights. started in 2002, kind of loose 
and disorganized. may improve with age. or may fade away.  





candy 
cane lane is a neighborhood of homes that set up 
very elaborate holiday decorations every year.




old 
ashtrays from around the monterey peninsula.





barovelli you tube channel. colossus of gold 
		videos & more





the foghorn. 
 this website really 
wants a sound clip of the foghorn. if you have one, 

email us





the 
house where digital research lost a big software deal with ibm is 
in pacific grove.






john denver crashed here.


actual groovy receipt from the old albertsons supermarket.


classic hand crafted pg 
street signs disappearing fast. 


old wooden painted sign
new generic green metal sign










the fine print


discussed as of the 
date of publication.   
the secret is in the 
crust . due to the nature of ongoing development work 
and because censored egg must respond to changing market conditions, it should 
not be interpreted to be a commitment on the part of censored egg, and censored 
egg cannot guarantee the accuracy of any information presented after the date of 
publication. 
this document is provided for informational purposes only. 

behold the power of cheese
. censored egg makes no warranties, express or implied, in this summary.
      

mail to barovelli.com  
â© 1995-2024 censored egg & last 
home town network. 
most rights reserved. 

censored egg, barovelli.com, the censored egg logo, are either registered 
trademarks or trademarks of censored egg  in the united states and/or other 
countries. the barovelli.com website contains at least 40% post consumer 
recycled html.
other product or company names herein may be the trademarks of their respective 
owners.
this html may be monitored for quality 
control bye kids!



