
 



home planner - magic entertainment usa
























































































call us 202-555-0166





 
 
 







home
about us
weddings
party dj’s

upcoming events


upgrades & add-ons

confetti & streamer flickers
custom monograms
karaoke
lighting
music videos
personalized voice over


photography
client reviews
contact
 















what we do 





party dj’swe have a wide range of events we offer services to. it is in no way complicated and our prices are purely based on the hours you need the dj for and the additional options you select.read more




music-videoswe play all of the hottest music videos you see on television and not just the ones the dj likes or wants to see and hear. if you are going to have a party, why not add music videos? we have thousands of your favorite videos in our library including some remixes and mash-ups done exclusively for magic entertainment usa!read more




 lighting lighting is a great cost effective way to get your guests on the dance floor quickly. once the house lights go down and the dance lights come on, your guests will be up and dancing before you know it! we carry strobe lighting, basic effects lighting, colored effects lighting, intelligent lighting, laser light shows, and fog machines.read more














your wedding can be fun, unique, and personal to you!

 weddings












once in a while, in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives a fairytale.

 
















about our site
we strive to bring you the highest level of service possible. we want you to be so happy with your service, that you will not only book us again for your next event, but tell all of your friends and family about our services for years to come.we are the only full-time, full service entertainment agency in central massachusetts offering quality dj services, photography services, videography services, magicians, and limousine services. for your convenience, our services come with an online planner.

upgrades & add-ons
confetti & streamer flickers custom monogramskaraoke laser lightinglightingmusic videos & screens photo boothphoto booksprize packagestext to screenup-lighting


















they say 


what greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined for life? to strengthern each other and to be at once with each other in silent unspeakable memories.



george e







a “perfect marriage” is just two imperfect people who refuse to give up on each other.



sophia



























dj tony: personalized wedding entertainment
for a day filled with memories that will last forever!
“my specialty is creating special moments that will turn into unforgettable memories that will last a lifetime. your likes, your dislikes, your personalities, your comfort zone, your guests, and many others factors are all things i will take the time to get to know prior to your wedding day. i’ll do everything i can to help you plan the wedding of your dreams!”
– tony















mme photography: wedding photography
mme photography has been providing quality wedding photography to the new england area since 1997. the staff at mme photography are professionals that have diverse experience and can serve many different types of clients. their worcester & boston area photographers have shot numerous events throughout massachusetts. if you are looking for a photographer in boston, worcester, springfield or any other massachusetts area, be sure to browse their web site for all the information you will need to book your photographer.


















about us we strive to bring you the highest level of service possible. we want you to be so happy with your service, that you will not only book us again for your next event, but tell all of your friends and family about our services for years to come.
  




 
© 2016   all rights reserved.		


upcoming event  mondays:
applebee’s: woburn
 ma – trivia – 7pm-9pm
thursdays:
applebee’s: tewksbury
ma – trivia – 9pm-10:30pm 

 
contact 




send your message



 






© 2015 copyright.






 


















