

home | south henry school corporation












































































skip to contentenroll your child today!harmony parent accesssearch sitesouth henry school corporationhome of the titansenroll your child today!harmony parent accesssearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallerywelcome to the south henry school corporationthere's something special about south henry. maybe it's the small-town feel? maybe it's the people who care so deeply about their school and students? maybe it's that about 1/3 of our students travel from out of district to attend here? maybe it's our commitment to excellence in all that we do? or, maybe it's all of these things and more!experience all that south henry has to offer!small school...big opportunitiesend of gallerytitan factswhat makes south henry unique?2tri high school is one of only two schools in the state of indiana with an active american sign language national honor society.4tri high school's football team reached the final four in the 2021 indiana football state tournament.$0the current cost of textbooks, fees, and technology for students to attend the south henry school corporation.1:1every student in the south henry school corporation is assigned a chromebook or ipad.prek - 12all students in grades prek through 12 are learning together on one campus.programsreverse slideradvance slideramerican sign languagetri jr./sr. high school offers four levels of american sign language for its students.  additionally, our american sign language national honor society is one of only two active chapters in indiana.american sign languagetri jr./sr. high school offers four levels of american sign language for its students.  additionally, our american sign language national honor society is one of only two active chapters in indiana.academic team competitiontri jr./sr. high school has a strong and storied tradition of excellence in indiana academic competition, winning and amazing 6 state championships!ffatri jr./sr. high school has a very active chapter of the future farmers of america.  learning about "all things agriculture", these students are the future leaders of our small community.career & technical educationat south henry, we partner with the new castle area career center to provide our students with skills-based vocational programming.  we work hard to to uniquely build student schedules to allow our vocational students to still earn an academic honors diploma.athleticsat south henry, we offer a wide selection of school-sponsored and club athletic teams.  our commitment to excellence has allowed these teams to regularly see great success regionally and state-wide.project lead the waysouth henry is committed to hands-on, inquiry-based stem instruction in grades k-12 through our project lead the way program.academic team competitiontri jr./sr. high school has a strong and storied tradition of excellence in indiana academic competition, winning and amazing 6 state championships!ffatri jr./sr. high school has a very active chapter of the future farmers of america.  learning about "all things agriculture", these students are the future leaders of our small community.career & technical educationat south henry, we partner with the new castle area career center to provide our students with skills-based vocational programming.  we work hard to to uniquely build student schedules to allow our vocational students to still earn an academic honors diploma.athleticsat south henry, we offer a wide selection of school-sponsored and club athletic teams.  our commitment to excellence has allowed these teams to regularly see great success regionally and state-wide.find ussouth henry school corporation118 e main st, po box 177lewisville, in 47352phone: 765-987-7882fax: 765-987-7589schoolssouth henry school corporation tri elementary schooltri junior senior high schoolquick linksenroll todaystay connectedcopyright © 2025 south henry school corporation. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more



