

matchup sports is a collection of sports simulators, games, and other fun sports stuff.


















































  matchup sports

		  baseball
		  basketball
		  hockey
		  football
		  soccer

  sticker packs

		  warriors
		  cavaliers
		  other

  matchup extras

		  teams
		  statistics

  support

		  faq
		  email


 
 books on sports & statistics



























			  matchup sports is a collection of sports simulators and games. 
			it matches up two teams and their statistics and allows for the matchups that were never possible. 
			players of today can face the greats from earlier eras. imagine mcgwire vs. ruth.
		









			 how about a lineup of jordan vs a lineup of wilt, gretzky vs orr, all-time greats vs 90's greats, or anything you can dream...
		


















				  matchup baseball, basketball, and hockey have been reviewed and awarded 
				  5-stars in ziff-davis' sports software pick-of-the-month.
		


 matchup sports games have been included on many top shareware cd-roms and
  	    are used for simulations in several newspapers across the country. 

		the outcomes are not random, they are based on the statistics of the players matched up. 
		just pick the teams to matchup and playball, tipoff, faceoff, or kickoff! 
		you control the speed of simulation.  
		watch the suspenseful play-by-play occur or you can use the lightning feature to complete a game in just seconds. 
		view the statistics of the game you just completed and compile them to keep track of a seven-game series, an entire season or whatever you wish. 

		even edit/create your own dream teams! you can enter the stats yourself or select from previous years just by clicking! 
		the statistics are in comma delimited text format so they are easily imported into spreadsheet programs.  
		instant seasons and series' available!
     




























		copyright © 2017
		matchup sports
		


































			home | baseball | 
			basketball | 
			hockey | 
			football | 
			soccer
sticker packs | 
			teams | 
			statistics | 
			sounds | 
			email





.


