




 







dun central digital profits | your digital product expert

























skip to content








menu



your digital product expert 






search

home 
about 
 



close menu














how to use digital products to make more sales and increase profits  
maximize earnings by selling your own digital products
there’s a tremendous amount of money to be made with plr products; it’s easier to resell someone else’s product than it is to build your own product from the ground up. there are thousands of resell rights products available online, and any of them can become a revenue source with a little effort.
what’s so great about plr?

plr products are wonderful because most of the hard work has already been done.  it can cost several thousand dollars to create a product to sell online, and building from scratch can be costly if you have to hire someone to do the work. you can always create your own product using plr journal templates, but that takes a lot of effort—and many people don’t have the skill or inclination to do the work themselves.
that’s why article plr with reseller rights are so great. for a comparatively low cost, you can buy a product and resell it as many times as you like. plr products take the concept one step further; when a new product is released, you can make a substantial amount of money if you start selling professional plr products right away.
don’t compete on price alone

lowering the price of your plr products can boost sales, but the improvement will be short-lived. selling plr business coaching products, whether physical or digital, for pennies on the dollar will work for a while, but it won’t help you in your long-term goal of becoming a self-sufficient internet marketer. if you use rebranded plr products to become an expert in your niche, you can corner the market and set your own prices. from there, you can use plr videos for sale to work your way into more businesses with other target markets.
it’s simple to rebrand plr products

depending on your selection, white label books with private label rights can be rebranded in two hours or less—and then you can sell it as many times as you wish, for as long as you wish.  many rebranding processes use adobe photoshop, which can be intimidating—but not if you follow my step by step instructions. you may need to watch the video courses more than once, but you have instant access to them forever, so you can watch them as many times as you like. just make sure that the plr websites that you are buying from allows editing of the products you’re buying. not all plr has a license to be edited or translate. so always read the private label rights digital products license terms very closely before buying.
if you want to leave the hard work to someone else, outsourcing is a viable option. numerous websites allow you to communicate with and hire writers, graphic designers and video editors, and you can use my videos as an example when showing your outsourcer what you want. just pick a stock photo, tell them which colors you want to use in your graphics, and you’ll be ready to go.
















back to top



 








© dun central digital profits 2025 





















 

