






md realty group |

















































home
contact
locations

maryland

baltimore


new jersey

adelphia




blog
 





select page


  
 



 



 











selling your house made easyconsider it sold, as-is
we buy houses fast for cash, no realtors and agents, no commissions, and no cleaning or repairs required!. get your top cash offer fast! we create a win-win offer for you! get a cash offer in 24 hours or less – you choose the closing date and we pay all costs! we are local.

 

fill out the form below and get your hassle free offer




name


email address


enter your property address






12 + 6 = 


send me an offer now!



 
 
 
 
 






fill in the form
tell us about your property, location, current situation, you personal timeframe for selling your house and goals

 
 
 




we check your house
we will review all of your property declarations, available buying options, and drafting a no-obligation offer right away.

 
 
 




get a cash offer
immediately get an offer and options to close the deal with no obligations.

 
 
 
 
 



we value your home
we are a long-time real estate professionals, dedicated to helping homeowners who want to sell their property. we don’t want to see people stuck with a house they do not want. the real estate world has evolved and is a lot different than it once was, and property listing is not the only way to go. selling your property directly to buyers can save you a lot of your time, money, and hassle. know more about what we can offer today!
 
contact us!

 



 
 




 

get the best offer for your home
get a cash offer in 24 hours or less – you choose the closing date and we pay all costs!
with no realtors, no commissions to pay, and no expensive cleaning or repairs required. you get to keep all the money we pay, less the hassle of waiting several months just to have your home sold and move on with living in a new home.
 
 
fill in our form

 
 


we made our process very simple in buying your home.
as soon as you fill in our form to sell your home and share information about your property, we will work hard to learn everything about the house and make a fair offer. all you need to do after is to decide on the closing date and accept our offer in cash.
 
send me an offer

 



 
 
 



what people are saying about us
 





responsive and flexible..
they go the extra mile to help understand my options. they are very helpful and patient in discussing how to move forward with selling my old home even if there are some plumbing issues that need fixing.
diana davishomeowner / happy seller





great experience
simple, quick and efficient process. i got my property paid without a hitch.
chantelle bowen happy seller





very professional intelligent
i have never in my life worked with a more professional intelligent, kind young man in my entire life. he answered all of my questions and guide me through the process so easy. i would work with him again 1 million times. his name is jhonny. he is definitely an asset to your company.
james roberts happy client





very thoughtful
very thoughtful, considerate and very professional.the team went over my contract thoroughly.jason was extremely helpful in guiding me in selling my old property.
jessica joneshomeowner / happy seller






 
 
 



a real estate company you can trust
i have listed my house for sale in the past, but haven’t had any luck getting a good offer? people do this all of the time. oftentimes they assume that they need to have their house listed in order to sell it, but this is not the case. a direct sale to md realty group will provide you with a great price for your home anywhere in the country, without requiring any repairs or upgrades.
 
 
 





no hidden fees 
no realtors, no commissions, and no cleaning or repairs required! get a cash offer fast!

 
 
 


h

free property appraisals
as soon as your share with us the property basics, we will begin the offer process. we will check and analyze your home and recent sales in the area and come up with an amount offer that is right for you.

 
 
 


u

easy three step process
you don’t need spend months waiting and not knowing if or when your home will sell. avoid the costs and stresses of listing your property. we will make it easy  for you to sell your house fast

 
 
 
 


sell my house fast in baltimore city, md
sell my house fast in new jersey
 
 
 
 
 



fill out the form below and get your hassle free offer




name


email address


enter your property address






3 + 12 = 


send me an offer now!



 
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



copyright © 2021 md realty group  

 
 
 
















