



lacan.org — lacan.org






















home
about
the øther
the øther archive page
ask an analyst
links
contact
blog
subscribe


lacan.org





what’s new: san francisco society for lacanian studies



14 february 2019
inspired by his recent visit to san francisco’s museum of modern art, victor d. meléndez torres, m.a., m.ed. offers us his latest paper,  his newest paper, punctum, objet a, and the ricterian blur, demonstrates the power of re-viewing and its place in the field of psychoanalytic interpretation.
his paper, punctum, objet a, and the richterian blur, is now posted in the øther.



19 march 2018
victor d. meléndez torres, m.a., m.ed. is a puerto rican organizational psychologist living and practicing in santa fe, new mexico. his newest paper, ramón bonilla’s “real state” screens against the real, introduces denver based artist ramón bonilla’s work where he take on the notion of place, state, and memory within the lacanian real.
his paper, ramón bonilla’s “real state”, is now posted in the øther.



27 december 2017
our new section, signifying puerto rico, is up and running with its first posting from victor javier meléndez who is on the ground in puerto rico. his first person account offers a unique perspective on current events. we here at lacan.org believe that the puerto rico story is an important and under reported one and want to bring these first person accounts directly to you.
this section, signifying puerto rico, is now posted.


18 november 2017
victor d. meléndez torres, m.a., m.ed. is a puerto rican organizational psychologist living and practicing in santa fe, new mexico. his paper, screens against the real, introduces us to lee price’s paintings viewed through the lens of lacanian desire and jouissance. frankly, reading his fascinating critique makes us want to jump on a plane to santa fe and view the paintings in the real !
his paper, screens against the real, is now posted in the øther.


07 may 2015
shiva srinivasan, our prolific, astute and voracious reader and book critic has sent in his thoughts on asti hustvedt’s 2012 work detailing the state of hysteria in 19th century paris. the insights highlighted by dr. srinivasan make clear the importance of hysteria in the contemporary clinic.
asti hustvedt (2012) medical muses: hysteria in 19th century paris (london: bloomsbury publishing), pp. 372, p/b, isbn 978-1-4088-2235-7 his review, is now posted in the øther.


13 november 2014
shiva srinivasan offers us his insightful take on lacan’s seminar x. this seminar, long circulated in underground bootleg copies, is now available in its jacques-alain miller officially blessed version. dr. srinivasan takes us on an intellectual tour through lacan’s reading of freud and his own explication of anxiety in the analytic clinic.
jacques lacan (2014) anxiety: the seminar of jacques lacan, book x, edited by jacques-alain miller, translated by a.r. price (cambridge, uk and malden, usa: polity press) his review, is now posted in the øther.


11 october 2014
shiva srinivasan is fast becoming our most prolific contributor to the øther, the online journal of the san francisco society for lacanian studies. he has written a most illuminating review of antigone, in her unbearable spendor: new essays on jacques lacan’s the ethics of psychoanalysis by charles freedland (2013). a must read for any lacanian scholar. his review, is now posted in the øther.






16 june 2014
shiva srinivasan is our newest contributor to the øther, the online journal of the san francisco society for lacanian studies. he has written a delightful and insightful review of the recent book by alain badiou and elizabeth roudinesco: jacques lacan: past and present – a dialogue, translated by jason e. smith (2014) his review, is now posted in the øther.




30 december 2012
lacan reads across the disciplines
michael j. kelly, one of the co-convenors and founders of the lacan reads across the disciplines, an inter-disciplinary seminar series and reading group at the university of leeds, uk, writes to inform us of their upcoming activities.
“this year we are running four keynote lectures/seminars led by leading intellectuals and academics in the humanities encountering lacan in their specific research. our aim is to demonstrate the rich influence of lacan across the disciplines, and try to develop a renewed, inter-disciplinary and critical reading of lacan’s methodologies. we also are holding eight reading group events, attended regularly by faculty and ph.d. students from across the humanities.”
please take a look at their page and the great work they are doing in the lacanian field.
quiltingpoints.blogspot.co.uk

20 october 2011
lacanian school of psychoanalysis 
lsp is honored to host an exceptional conference with pr dany nobus!
on the status of the object in phobia and fetishism: lacan’s reading of little hans, and other case histories
dany nobus
professor, author, and psychoanalyst visiting from brunel university in london
dany nobus, phd, is professor of psychology and psychoanalysis, and head of the school of social sciences at brunel university, london, where he is also the convenor of the ma programme in psychoanalysis and contemporary society. he is visiting professor of psychiatry at creighton university medical school in omaha ne, and adjunct professor of sociology at the university of massachusetts-boston. he is the author, most recently, of knowing nothing, staying stupid: elements for a psychoanalytic epistemology (routledge, 2005), and has contributed numerous papers on the history, theory and practice of psychoanalysis to academic and professional journals.
please join us for this exceptional conference!
date: saturday, october 29, 2011 from 1 to 4 pm
location: 1453 mission, @ 10th & 11th streets, san francisco / ciis building, room 550
fee: $100 general, $40 for students
rsvp appreciated by october 15, 2009 at sflacan@gmail.com or 510-835-6104
updates and more information on lsp events at www.lacanschool.org


7 april 2011
shane gilley is our newest contributor to the øther, online journal of the san francisco society for lacanian studies. his paper, “what’s in the basket?”: jouissance and the circuit of the lacanian drive, is now posted in the øther.


4 april 2011
noted psychoanalyst, moustafa safoun comments on questions concerning feminine sexuality for the web journal of the centre for freudian analysis and research. well worth the read !


10 january 2011
øther art editor, scott henstrand’s curated show
please join us for the opening reception of
missing/missed
a fiber arts show curated by scott henstrand
friday, january 14, 2011
8:00-11:00 pm
wine and other refreshments
show dates: january 14 – february 24, 2011
artist talk: january 24, 7pm
video night: january 31, 7pm
poetry night: february 7, 7pm
click here to see the full list of artists, their imagery, and personal links
thanks to the exhibiting artists: regina agu, derya hanife altan, audrey anastasi, yael david-cohen, julia elsas, micaela hardy-moffat, pat hickman, peggy hracho, sara jones, june kersig-hinson, inge hoonte, mary lippin, jill magi, john paul morabito, celia pym, ehren reed, dempsey rice, maria scarpini, marissa scheisser, ed schexnayder, elizabeth smolarz, maria sprowls-cervantes, brooks harris stevens, allison watkins, leonie wunderlich


3 january 2011

lsp, lacanian school of psychoanalysis
has the pleasure to invite you to its first 2011 movie social,
with diane borden, phd and eric essman, ma presenting
“adoration” (2008), directed by atom egoyan
saturday, january 22, 2011 at 1 pm
the uptown, 500 william st., oakland, ca
$5 donation
rsvp by january 20, 2011
trauma-driven story telling has been central to canadian-armenian director atom egoyan’s filmography, which reflects the multi-generational consequences of the armenian genocide both explicitly and in symptomatic disguise. egoyan’s master narrative is the search by a young adult for the truth of a family secret, which is typically masked by extremes of idealization or hatred, incest and perversion, and where the perception of events is mediated by technical means of witnessing. the exhilaration of egoyan’s graceful and fascinating artistry combines the pleasure of immersion in enigmas, the pleasure of dissonant chords of experience temporarily resolved, and the wisdom that the unspeakable will continue to echo in ever more muted and tolerable symptoms, positing the pleasure of endless interpretation and the respite of a somber beauty. “adoration,” familiarly (thus uncannily) replays egoyan’s thematics of the necessarily multiple representations of a tragic event, and the multiple modes of its “working through”.
what lacan declared of the sexual relation, “that it never stops not being written” (seminar 20), could be equally applied to trauma: that its presence can never stop not being directly recalled, even as, foreclosed from the symbolic, it founds a psychotic real. freud’s invention of psychoanalysis explicitly linked sexuality and trauma, whether in associating neurosis with the repressed memory of an actual seduction or as a symptomatic response to the overwhelming fantasy of the primal scene, or, again fantasmatically in perversion, as the substitution of the fetish for the “castrated” maternal penis. what doesn’t stop not being directly experienced, however, has been the lost object of film narrative; like a drive object impelling circuitous ambits around some primally unspeakable event.
diane borden, ph.d., is professor of film and literature, director of film studies, and former chair of english at the university of the pacific. she has published books, chapters, and journal articles on cinema and psychoanalysis and given papers and workshops at professional conferences in the u.s., europe and asia. she conducts study groups on film and psychoanalysis in san francisco and the south bay and has been a guest faculty at sfcp.
eric essman, m.a., is on the faculty of the lutecium psychoanalytic training group and was formerly president of the san francisco society for lacanian studies. he serves on the ncspp intensive study group committee and formerly chaired the interdisciplinary education committee. he is a frequent contributor to the ncspp journal fort da.


3 january 2011
lutecium psychoanalytic group
announces winter 2011 program
“the question of the trace”


20 december 2010
a new paper by air commodore (retired) m. tariq qureshi, a phd scholar at national university of modern languages, islamabad, pakistan is posted in the øther.

a lacanian obituary: remembering aijaz ul haque – mirror stage lacanian perspective


28 october 2010
film event
lutecium is sponsoring a film event as part of their fall immersion series. the san francisco society for lacanian studies is proud to co-sponsor this event.
screening of cronenberg’s existenz followed by panel presentation with teresa de lauretis, jacques siboni, kristopher lichtanski, x (mystery discussant)
premiering san francisco art institute student short film -tba
(wine hors d’oeuvres)
saturday, november 6, 12pm – 5pm
hobart building, variety club,
582 market st., san francisco


28 september 2010
general meeting of the society
member anna shane is calling a general meeting of the society for the purpose of electing officers to be held on friday, 8 october 2010 at 6:15 p.m. in kensington, ca. all members in good standing may vote and those wishing to become members may do so at the meeting prior to the election by paying dues for the current year. for further information or to rsvp, please email anna directly at ashane (at) jps.net
3 september 2010
our resident artistic editor, scott henstrand, has opened his new website showcasing his latest works and thoughts. take a look around and explore his ideas. it may just reignite your desire….
www.frogyellowart.net
1 september 2010
a new paper by air commodore (retired) m tariq qureshi, a phd scholar at national university of modern languages, islamabad, pakistan is posted in the øther.

“mourning becomes electra” – a tragic play in greek tradition with freudian and lacanian underpinnings
21 february 2010
anna shane, ph.d. has just published some remarks on the ask an analyst page regarding her work there. new paper by scott henstrand, between the structures of naming, published in the øther.
13 february 2010
the society welcomes 2010 and the lunar year of the tiger with an all new and updated look and feel. take a spin and see what you think. there will be more papers published in the øther and in the archives of the øther soon, so check back often.
8 february 2010
a new paper has been published in the øther, the object of proximity, by daniel tutt of the american university. he presents some compelling arguments and a nice trope on the neighbor as other.











recent commentspanel at 2012 žižek studies conference: “the perverted subject does (not) exist: subjectivity and žižek’s ethics” | spirit is a bone on the object of proximity: the ethics of psychoanalysis in žižek and santner via lacanjulio ramos on ask an analyst: dr. anna shane is queriednighat aijaz on a lacanian obituary:  remembering aijaz ul haque – mirror stage lacanian perspective 




get smart with the thesis wordpress theme from diythemes.






