

































student life | student affairs










      skip to main content
    






menu


student affairs
















student affairs











open search




search












    staff resources
    +




staff coaching and professional development


staff portal


facilites









main navigation (extended config)



          about us





leadership team



          strategic plan





student affairs strategic planning




aanapisi designation


reports



          committees





cabinet of student leaders


university religious council




directory


contact us





health and wellness




housing and dining




academics and career




student life




give


















student life





breadcrumb


student affairs


                  student life
              


















student life, campus community, and retention services, often shortened to "student life," encompasses a wide range of programs and services that serve our large and diverse undergraduate and graduate student body. we serve the campus community through our focused and intentional work with students as they pursue their degrees. our approach is holistic and student-centered, resulting in successful graduation and preparation for the next phase of opportunities for their lives.






identities and culturea great first step toward creating a supportive circle of friends, mentors and allies within the larger uc davis community is to visit community and retention centers and programs. whether you’re new to campus or a continuing student, we offer welcoming spaces that both affirm and provide opportunities to explore intersecting identities. you can stop by to get academic support, find out about student organizations, be social or just chill. learn more about our cultural and identity resources here, or click on the specific resource below.







 




asian and pacific islander retention initiative







 




center for the educational opportunity program







 




guardian scholars program







 




native american academic student success center







 




student recruitment and retention center







 




undocumented student resource center









 




center for african diaspora student success







 




center for student involvement







 




lgbtqia resource center







 




services for international students and scholars







 




transfer and reentry center







 




veterans success center









 




center for chicanx and latinx academic student success







 




cross cultural center







 




middle eastern, north african, & south asian student resources







 




student parents







 




underground scholars program







 




women’s resources and research center










student organizationsget involved and build community through meaningful co-curricular engagement with our 750+ registered student organizations. whether you’re looking for social or academic clubs, professional organizations or sorority and fraternity life, you’ll find it here. if you’re a student org leader, the center for student involvement also help with funding, event planning, leadership development, organizational growth group management, student life impact awards oversight and more.







 




center for student involvement









 




sorority and fraternity life









 




student life impact awards










asucdthe associated students, university of california, davis, (asucd) improves the quality of campus life by providing resources and services to cultivate a culture of involvement and student leadership.







 




asucd










first year aggie connectionsfirst-year aggie connections (fyac) is a fun and interactive program for all new freshmen, transfer and international students. "connections" are small groups based around a shared purpose, interest or theme and meet regularly for one academic quarter. this program aims to foster fun experiences that empower students to navigate their first year at uc davis.







 




first year aggie connections










free speechas a public university, uc davis is governed by the same laws as any government body. that means that all members of our community enjoy the protections of the first amendment. this freedom is essential. learn about the first amendment at a public institution, how to exercise your rights within campus policies and ways to get support.







 




free speech










student funding opportunitiesthe division of student affairs offers several funds that assist current uc davis students with paying for activities and initiatives that advance the division’s mission and enhance the university experience for uc davis students.dean witter fundkarin abou najm memorial change-makers prizestudent development fundsstudent programming funds




















division of student affairscontact usgive to student affairs





            follow us
    






























questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community sitemap last update: february 13, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










