   welcome to southeast conference - southeast conference  
            

facebook
contact
0 items




about usmission statementstaff and boardwhat we donews archivejobs reportsscholarshipscommitteeseconomic developmentenergymaritime/seafoodnatural resourcessolid wastetransportationvisitor industryeventsannual meetingannual meeting presentationsmid-session summitmid session summit presentationsresourcestechnical assistancesoutheast alaska by the numberspublicationsnewslettersevent presentationssoutheast alaska economic planopportunitiesmembershipmembership directorybecome a sponsor

select page


2025 mid-session summit & transportation symposium
event informationvirtual meetinglatest newsrfp opportunity: regional municipal solid waste management planning #2024-07the southeast alaska solid waste authority (seaswa), in collaboration with sec is soliciting proposals for the research and mapping of msw disposal needs in se ak, research of msw disposal best practices being used in other parts of ak and the lower 48, and work with sec and seaswa to develop a strategy for efficiently managing msw within and between seak communities . download full rfp herevenables elected to nado’s executive committeethe national association of development organizations (nado) is pleased to announce the election of robert venables, executive director of southeast conference in juneau, alaska as secretary of the association on october 23 at nado’s 2024 annual business meeting. full press release herealaska awarded $38.6 million for heatpumps!southeast conference, in a partnership led by alaska heat smart and support from the alaska municipal league, were awarded $38.6 million through the u.s. environmental protection agency’s competitive climate pollution reduction grant program (cprg) . read full press release herethe arctic energy ambassador programdo you need help with an energy project in your community? this program can help!latest publicationssoutheast alaska sustainability strategy fall 2022-summer 2024southeast conference (sec) is a regional strengthening partner within the u.s. department of agriculture’s ...accelerating a viable and sustainable mariculture industry for the long-term benefits of alaska’s economy, environment, and underserved communities. managed by southeast conference.  southeast conferencemission: as the state and federally designated regional economic development organization for southeast alaska, southeast conference serves as the collective voice for advancing the region’s economy. southeast conference has 180 member organizations representing 1,200 people from 32 regional communities. the mission of southeast conference is to undertake and support activities that promote strong economies, healthy communities and a quality environment in southeast alaska. southeast conference formed in 1958 with a group of people supporting the establishment of a regional transportation system in southeast alaska, which led to the formation of the alaska marine highway system. after that success southeast conference stayed together through more than a half-century to focus on concerns unique to the region, including transportation, maritime, tourism, timber, seafood, mining, health care, government, and overall quality of life.support the southeast conferenceplease use the following button to make your donation to the work being done by the southeast conference.donatequick linksmembershipsponsorshipannual meetingcontact us9360 glacier hwy, ste 201,
juneau, ak 99801phone: (907) 586-4360
fax: (907) 615-6651
info@seconference.orgnewsletter signup newsletter signupfor email marketing you can trust.

facebook
        



