


  



 







new york style pizza - the difference is in the dough
























 













 skip to content










locations
menu
about
specials
join the team
dough raiser
order online
 













 



authentic new york taste in every slice


only ny water makes ny pizza


  



order online
see locations



















 



  

pizza is our love language
no matter when, why or how you get there, ny pizza department is always ready with an open door, warm smile, and authentic new york pie. the incredible effort and intention we put into even the simplest of elements (here’s looking at you ny water), acts of service and gifts of pizza are how we show our love. at ny pizza department…
 







menu
from our calzones, to our salads, and pastas, we have a whole department devoted to deliciousness! we may be known for our pies, but we have so many other ways to show our love.






 appetizers




 salads




 wings




 calzones




 pizzas




 pastas & entrees




 desserts







order online




full menu







 



 our water, our ingredients
we specially formulate our az water to match that of new york for our pizza dough and crusts so they have the same incredible taste, crunch, and feel as the original! combine that with our whole milk 
mozzarella, our vine ripened tomatoes canned in 4 hours from picking, and fire to order on our stone deck ovens and you have an authentic quality that rises high above our competitors.









 find an ny pizza department near you
since moving to arizona from long island, ny over 25 years ago, our family-owned-and-operated business has grown to 7 valley locations that provide comfortable dine-in, easy carryout and convenient delivery. 

see locations












order online


location map


menu


about


specials


dough raiser


pizza press



  locations
glendale / arrowhead
north scottsdale
avondale / litchfield park
east gilbert / santan
downtown phoenix
chandler
phoenix


join our email club
sign up to receive exclusive offers for our email club members.


birth month(required)birth monthjanuaryfebruarymarchaprilmayjunejulyaugustseptemberoctobernovemberdecemberemail(required)


  
















this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.



follow us

facebook


instagram


twitter


yelp

contact us
  send us an email








©2023-2025 ny pizza department. all rights reserved. website by widely interactive.



privacy policy
 

































