


gccs | grinnell college department of computer science









computer science | grinnell college









home




news




policies




people

faculty and staff
graduates



courses

current courses
course archive
curriculum
off-campus study



research opportunities




resources

department responsibilities




 


grinnell college department of computer science
welcome to the department of computer science at grinnell college.
this site contains information primarily of interest to current students and faculty.
prospective students may find additional useful information in the cs sections of the  grinnell college website and the college catalog.
the cs department maintains a mailing list for current students.
we routinely send announcements for department social and academic events to this list, as well as occasional job postings, reminders about upcoming deadlines, and other information likely of interest to students who are currently taking cs courses.
to join the mailing list please complete the cs students membership form (grinnell login required).


we are hiring!

      the computer science department is hiring two visiting faculty members to start in fall 2025.
      applications received by february 28, 2025 will receive full consideration.
    

learn more
apply now



news and events



cs table: ai coding assistants
    
    

computer science faculty
      friday, october 11, 2024, 12–1pm in jrc 224a
    
next week at cs table we’ll be discussing the following article regarding what (if anything) programmers gain from working with ai coding assistants:
https://www.cio.com/article/3540579/devs-gaining-little-if-anything-from-ai-coding-assistants.html
please read the above article in preparation for our discussion.
join us in jrc 224a at noon on tuesdays to participate. students who do not have a meal plan may sign in at the entrance to the dining hall to charge their meals to the department; students who charge meals to the department are expected to participate in cs table discussion. all students, faculty, and staff are welcome to attend.




cs extras: how to find a computer science internship or job 101
    
    

sasha grigorovich
      thursday, october 10, 2024, snacks in the cs commons at 4pm; talk from 4:15pm–5:15pm in noyce 3821
    
this thursday, oct. 10th join speaker sasha grigorovich from the center for career, life, and service for a presentation on how to learn about possible computer science professions, and how to approach professional development and applications. snacks will be available before the talk starts.




cs fall pinic
    
    

the grill
      friday, october  4, 2024, 4:00 pm–6:00 pm in merril park west shelter
    
join the computer science community in kicking off the new year with a fall picnic!
burgers, hot dogs, and sides will be provided by the department.
options for all dietary restrictions will also be present!




you can find older news items in the news archive.

 
 



