


confessions of a quackbuster




























	               confessions of a quackbuster
	               
this blog deals with healthcare consumer protection, and is therefore about quackery, healthfraud, chiropractic, and other forms of so-called "alternative" medicine (scam).



about me

name:  sitemaster 

view my complete profile










table of contents
chiropractic index to all entries here
uk doctor-scientist leading the debate on alternat...
does chiropractic work?
young mom dies after a chiropractic adjustment: is...
kimkins - notice of pendency of class notice‏
brief expositions of rational medicine
simonsingh.net
chirocopalypse: british chiropractors running scared
hot air balloon





july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
september 2006
october 2006
december 2006
june 2007
july 2007
september 2007
march 2008
october 2008
january 2009
february 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
november 2009
january 2010


subscribe toposts [atom]




friday, january 22, 2010




                      	 table of contents
	                       





welcome to confessions of a quackbuster.

i confess to being a skeptic who is concerned about healthcare, consumer protection, quackery, healthfraud, chiropractic quackery, and other forms of so-called "alternative" medicine.






"alternative" medicine, quackery, health fraudthe other side of the coin"skepticism is the first step toward truth."- denis diderot



previous history



previously i had another website - the quack-files - which was hosted at geocities. it was launched on mar. 22, 2001. when geocities was closed on oct. 26, 2009, it quietly ceased to exist, along with outdated content. now the former url - http://www.quackfiles.com - redirects to this location.





this table of contents is in chronological order, from bottom to top, just like this blog. to get the most benefit, just start at the bottom.since "out of sight" usually means "out of mind", i consider archived blog entries to be pretty much useless to people who browse blogs. that's why i have chosen to place a complete table of contents right up front.you can use google's toolbar to search this page. to see the newest entries in the sidebar to the right, you should refresh the site first.blog statusthis blog is rather neglected and in some cases may not be up to date. consider it an information archive and use accordingly. i have not been actively dealing with these matters for several years. my choice of blog title isn't because i have ever been a real "quackbuster", but because i was accused of being such, and i took that as a compliment, especially considering the source of the criticism. the critic is a promoter of quackery, and is thus against quackbusters whose anti-quackery efforts expose him and his clients, many of whom have been convicted in courts of law for fraud, malpractice, and/or unscientific practices. obviously the double negative "anti anti-quackery" implies that my critic is for quackery. i'd much rather be considered as being against quackery than for it.there are nearly a thousand entries here, with very little of it written by myself. if you have an issue with something, take it up with the author or quoted sources, not me. if you find something you consider to be libelous or otherwise illegal, by all means contact me. be very specific about which words you find objectionable. maybe i can somehow contact the author and warn them, and maybe even be lucky enough to get it changed!if i have not been contacted and given fair warning, i cannot be held liable.hometable of contentschiropractic index to all entries here





complete table of contents



films you must see!dangers of chiropractic therapymanipulation of the cervical spine: risks and benefitssee them while you can!


uk doctor-scientist leading the debate on alternative modalities

does chiropractic work?

young mom dies after a chiropractic adjustment: is "chiropractic stroke" to blame?

kimkins - notice of pendency of class notice‏

brief expositions of rational medicine

simonsingh.net

chirocopalypse: british chiropractors running scared 

hot air balloon

homeopathy is worse than witchcraft - and the nhs must stop paying for it

yelp user faces lawsuit over negative review of chiropractor

beware the spinal trap - simon singh "forbidden" article

blog status

dead patient's estate sues chiropractor & others

postage stamp honors crusader against chiropractic malpractice

voca unveils chiropractic malpractice postage stamp..

interesting observations from a chiropractor

dr. heimlich's new 'maneuver'

eva cassidy singing over the rainbow

astronomy: putting things in perspective!

grander water: "esoteric humbug"

a review of energy medicine: the scientific basis - by harriett hall, md

chiro book: what chiropractors don't want you to know about chiropractic

quackbusters inc.: hot on the heels of medical hucksters

doing the least to save your life - david federlein

priceless! banned commercials.....

healthy skepticism international news alert

global trend: more science, more fraud

the macho response writes about therapeutic touch

professor condemns therapies

spinal manipulation for headache disorders

professor savages homeopathy (and chiropractic)

chiroplot: the scheme to scam the competition.

appeals court overturns adverse district court ruling in american chiropractic association lawsuit against hhs

become an effective chiropractic speaker

please release me, let me go (mfr)

massage brittany

informed consent ..... chiro style

economics of vaccination

thimerosal information needs clarification

chiropractic footbath cures everything

the chiropractor and his patient

the manipulable lesion -- a chiropractic rose by any other name (part 2)

kinsinger letter - chiropractic at university of alberta

the seven stages of chiropractic deprogramming - part 2

revolutionary marketing tips for chiropractic professionals

the seven stages of chiropractic deprogramming

chiropractic neck manipulation can cause injury or death -- video

swift december 2, 2005

what's so bad about chiropractic education?"

three cortislim defendants to give up $4.5 million in cash and other assets

feds crack down on bogus weight loss products

behind the veil: a muslim woman speaks out

from tapes, a chilling voice of islamic radicalism in europe

health canada warning consumers not to take chinese medicine 'shortclean'

james randi's swift november 18, 2005

what's new robert l. park friday, 18 nov 05

couple free on bond following split verdict in child neglect case

how google tamed ads on the wild, wild web

risks and benefits of ddt (from the lancet)

green medicine event concludes in cuba

spinal manipulation: its safety is uncertain

cuba demonstrates its (un)scientific expertise in natural medicine

consumer health digest #05-46

consumer health digest #05-45

teacher charged with mocking religion sentenced to jail

don urges fg to enact law against quackery

kevin trudeau hires pi to dig dirt on era

chiropractor's marketing techniques probed

the manipulable lesion -- a chiropractic rose by any other name (part 1)

lack of herbal supplement characterization in published randomized controlled trials

doctor's suspension overturned

ruling due monday on chiropractor's license

demonizing drugmakers

ozzy osbourne's lyrics

quackery or cure: questioning alternative therapies debate forum

cross border fraud - ftc press room

two caught selling fake cancer remedy

breast massage not standard [chiropractic] care -- expert

health food store hosts vitamin advocate (earl l. mindell)

consumer health digest #05-44

consumer health digest #05-43

consumer health digest #05-42

consumer health digest #05-41

vaccines vital to health

merck prevails in second vioxx case on heart attack

daughter wants answers about death of mother

red hot blogs of the day

revisions to "dangers of chiropractic therapy"

government reverses physiotherapy delisting

google found to be testing classified ads

class action lawsuit against the canadian chiropractic protective association being planned by the advocacy group families against abusive chiropractic treatments

kylie denies holistic claim

kylie minogue slams 'holistic' press lies

kylie denies alternative therapy claim

boom and bust: supplements tough for pro leagues

curing jamie handley

black cohosh no better than placebo against hot flushes, finds new trial

the case of the fatal neck adjustment

mmr vaccine is safe, international team affirms

alternative med finds way to medical school curricula

mmr in clear over autism

the mmr is safe - what other scare stories are nonsense?

good medicine: homeopathic board needs a physical - just in case

‘dr. internet’ exasperating to mds

ex-santana employee sues over firing

music, imagery, touch, and prayer as adjuncts to interventional cardiac care

'natural healer' charged with fraud (john e. curran)

viewpoint: what is the best and most ethical model for the relationship between mainstream and alternative medicine: opposition, integration, or plura

4 amish children in minn. infected with polio virus

bird flu: new scientist articles

degree of doubt for bertie's boffin

faith healers and physicians - teaching pseudoscience by mandate

aap: vaccine researchers preach to pediatrician choir

academia embraces spooky studies

help, lasagne's out to get me

be careful what the doctor may have ordered

doctor licensing under scrutiny

first aid video - humor

harvard health letter survey shows harvard doctors practice what they preach

guinness noitulove (that's evolution backwards)

gp who gave mmr warning faces sack

homeopath patient's death debated despite ariz. board clearing doctor

critics seek audit of homeopathy board


should medical students be taught about cam?


arabian sex tourism

oh, what a tangled web is being woven on the bbc health site

ronnie barker on pismronunciation

experts unlock clues to spread of 1918 flu virus

nhs should pin hopes on alternative remedies

google earth

victims of "chiropractic contracts"

complementary medicine study hit by credibility row

charles study backs nhs therapies

yemen battles polio -- again

the skeptical eye - leon jaroff

the end of homeopathy? - leon jaroff

consumer health digest #05-40

naturopathy bill draws opposition

class action sought for 'dr. phil' diet suit

what's up, e-doc?

attachment therapy news: oct. 5, 2005

search: chiropractor quackery or not

a mother's denial, a daughter's death (maggiore)

'natural cures' book: is it the truth or is it quackery?

trashing trudeau, saving america

chimp no longer has monkey on his back

the washington post's mensa invitational

'pox parties' pooh-poohed

new children's vaccine targets 4 diseases

kids' vaccines: no link to unrelated diseases

vaccination delays put many children at risk

pediatricians would dismiss families who refuse vaccinations

stupid terrorists

clinic told to repay $700,000 to patients (monte kline)

*spam* from african girl sully(urgent)

a sports drink for children is jangling some nerves

consumer health digest #05-398

what's new robert l. park friday, 30 sep 05

the brights' bulletin #29 - september 30, 2005

quack-files: keywords

dangerous witchdoctoring

download the internet here

ease the strain on the neck

it's enough to make you sick

blogging: psst: want to know my net worth?

experts savage oxygen booster

skeptics' prize goes to education group

a web of faith, law and science in evolution suit

nih study takes another look at vitamin c and cancer

speakout: state ignores naturopaths' 'quackery'

cancer ‘cures’ are empty promises in kevin trudeau’s ‘natural cures’ book

monkey see, monkey do (not)

battling encephalitis with hope...and homeopathy

site referrals: entry pages

site referrals

site referrals: mucoid plaque

the death of dd palmer: attempted murder by his son?

fup eller fakta om kosttilskud

foundations of chiropractic, 2nd edition - subluxation

stage show brings back eva's talents

against odds, kevin trudeau still king of late-night infomercial pitchmen

free denver conference on quackery: sept 21

crank o' the day (anticrank)

narconon is bad news for customers

misleading and absurd ( neaclear skincare product)

subluxation: dogma or science?

think for self (interview with stephen barrett)

steadily, plans increase coverage of unorthodox medical therapies

darwin awards mottos

eliane duvekot, artist extraordinaire

why charles just can't quit the snake oil

echinacea fails to treat or prevent colds in study

best-seller ‘natural cures’ sparks court battle

study says homeopathic medicines don’t work

echinacea and the cold

vitamin c and the common cold

more junk science debunked

homoeopathy 'does not work'

lancet research labelled biased

homeopathy no better than placebo

homeopathy ineffective, study finds

study casts doubt on homeopathic cures

lancet study says homeopathic medicines don't work

christopher cain: spinal claims have no backbone

silly nigerian scam letters: 2

silly nigerian scam letters: 1

concepts and the future of chiropractic. fraud & abuse

what's new robert l. park friday, 26 aug 05

homeopathy's benefit questioned

effects of homeopathy 'are all in the mind'

as a fourth study says it's no better than a placebo, is this the end for homeopathy?

the fault line in the organic debate

study: homeopathy drugs don't work

medics attack use of homeopathy

any homeopathy benefit attributed to placebo effect


autistic boy, 5, dies after disputed therapy

chiropractic expert witnesses

vioxx: who's responsible?

consumer health digest #05-34

prince attacked for secret health study

google gets better. what's up with that?

age-old cures, like the maggot, get u.s. hearing

intelligent design and informed debate

concepts and the future of chiropractic. fraud & abuse

is henry j. heimlich md a fraud?

keyword analysis - august 24, 2005

closing the book (kevin trudeau)

hrh charles, "prince of quacks", exposed in the blogosphere

life university's new advertising campaign

a pinch of salt with some supplements

prince charles promotes quackery

legislate to warn public that neck manipulation can cause a stroke -

passed the 100 thousand mark!

abc news: anti-vaccine sentiment plagues nigeria

canadian orthopractic manual therapy association guidelines

anti-'quackbuster' champion needs info

baptist ponders adding focus on alternative care

internet trial questions herbal remedies for anxiety and insomnia

online, eva cassidy trumps elvis

globules against bioterror

karl popper seminar - rafe champion

greek tragedy: stephanie klein's blog

what's new robert l. park friday, 22 jul 05

tahitian noni ® juice: world wide warning

kennedy admits he's not qualified to talk about vaccines or autism

a toast to saint nate

the thirteenth meeting of the skeptics' circle

a flying spaghetti monster created the universe

health scan: a chemical in hashish inhibits cancer

gov't finally closes st. luke

critical thinking about research - book review

aetna uncovers plot to intimidate dental licensing boards

no vaccine-autism link, parents are told

i never said i could cure cancer, says 'therapist'

keyword analysis

probing edges of medicine -- and reality

slipped disc: misleading terminology

kerre woodham: hostility to jab hard to fathom

unsafe health practices blamed on 'soft' law

schwarzenegger's bully pulpit: muscle magazines

schwarzenegger to end relationship with magazines

chiropractic search terms

widower arrested in ’01 death of wife at gilbert home

new on the acsh.org website - friday, july 15, 2005

what's new robert l. park friday, 15 jul 05

controversial eu vitamins ban to go ahead

seventeen questions

prayer 'won't help sick'

schwarzenegger to be paid $8 million by fitness magazines

subluxation awareness week

amazon.com 10th anniversary hall of fame musicians

consumer health digest #05-28

vitamin e may not prevent heart disease or cancer in healthy women

protandim

ephedra death case settled for almost $1 million by nutraquest inc. and four other companies

a tale of a raw prawn (humor)

skeptic and anti-quackery web rings

submission to medicines australia review of the code of conduct

tahitian noni juice scam

peta blogging

chiropractic therapy for neck pain may have high rate of adverse reactions

candy makers target fitness market

chiropractic anti-vaccination: parents sue when player is benched

the seven warning signs of bogus science

what's new robert l. park friday, 8 jul 05

[london terrorism:] british "covenant of security" with islamists ends

jab campaigns use 'fear tactics' says expert

fsu 'college of chiropractic' is a bad idea by terry a. rondberg,dc, wca president

london 7/7 bombings: terrorists strike again

science of life evolving or revolving?

scientology at salon.com

blogging boom

what's new robert l. park friday, 24 jun 05 washington, dc

healthfactsandfears.com

acupuncture equal to sham in reducing migraines

where's the evidence? - marcia angell interview

shields blasts cruise for 'rant'

new italian health minister endorses quackery

astrologist sues nasa over comet crash

agents probing hormone shipment

shaky science: experts question anthrax lotion (bio-germ)

comment regarding andrew weil’s comments in think tank

doctor arrested in fraud investigation (ravi devgan)

protandim claims debunked

doctor proud to bust medical 'quacks'

herbs and hysteria

pro-adjuster quackery

us department of education data on "autism" are not reliable for tracking autism prevalence

genesis revisited: a scientific creation story

scientists hail einstein's theory 100 years on

aetna countersues bogus device promoters

don't believe the childhood vaccine fearmongers

vaccination: house md. tv series

the brights' bulletin #26 june 29, 2005

bs! t-shirts

survey: many believe cancer myths

sticking pins in homeopathy

health ministry rejects claims vaccine data 'falsified'

media stirs up faux vaccine controversy

a new wine for seniors (humor)

many believe cancer myths

adjustments and manipulations are not the same

quackery in chiropractic

experts reject some therapies

the 11th meeting of the skeptics' circle

health orders chiropractor to halt live blood analysis tests

taxpayers overbilled for chiropractic work

are chiropractors necessary?

adverts inform parents on vaccine

man who allegedly claimed to be doctor gets suspension

[healthfactsandfearscombulletin] royal society v lancet,radiation madness, more

anti-aging doctors sue professors

polite request to creationists

professor sued over anti-aging comments

'psychic surgeon' claims to remove patients' tumors without surgery

crucified nun dies in 'exorcism'

'scaremongering' lancet accused of causing harm to health and wasting millions

the scientific method - critical and creative thinking

the effect of real and sham acupuncture on thermal sensation and thermal pain thresholds.

update from the american council on science

chiropractic anti-vaccination arguments

discussion lists, forums, and webrings

characteristic symptoms of pathological science

the moral and religious duty of a chiropractor - d. d. palmer

red meat 'linked to cancer risk'

fraud in the md/dc arena

'psychic surgeon' a heel, not a healer, police say

disease baby’s dad lashes vaccine 'hate-speech'

chiropractor defends terrorist suspect

health care heretic: blog by larry wyatt, dc

new chiropractic blog: gary a. knutson, dc

fda finds online discount drug fraud

schiavo autopsy says brain, withered, was untreatable

power therapies and possible threats to the science of psychology and psychiatry

this is why .... chiropractors are upset with this site

h2o system pure 'quackery'

fighting polio, one child at a time

talk on autism in eugene, oregon

countless studies have cleared fluoridation beyond doubt

a sceptic's guide to alternative health - talk by clare bowerman

chiropractors v. vaccination

the twin religions: communism and roman catholicism

vaguely speaking, it's all written in the stars

just give me that old-time atheism! - salman rushdie

"doctor" faces charges of fraud (john e. curran)

hodgkin's returns to girl whose parents fought state

good stories, bad science: a guide for journalists to the health claims of "consumer activist" groups

health group advises more skepticism about activists’ health claims

10th skeptics' circle

dr jim bowen on nutra sweet politricks

'no proof' detoxing diets work

death by natural causes

health department shuts down unlicensed doctor

'ghost therapy' lands couple behind bars

web sites celebrate a deadly thinness

no miracle cure for junk science

horror autotoxicus: boosting the immune system

healing outside the box

tenth skeptics' circle, hosted by skeptico

ten lies.....debunked - james r. laidler, md

god exists.....we are immune to rational argument.

effectiveness & evidence: the cornerstones of modern medicine

the memory of water

ten lies.....debunked - robert s. baratz, md, phd, dds

ten lies about health your doctor taught you

bless me, blog, for i've sinned

the march of unreason

ten great public health achievements -- united states, 1900-1999

experts condemn anti-fluoride claims

dental health fails: study

complementary and alternative medicine: why is conventional medicine not enough?

alternative medicine catches a cold

your book about max: letter to amy lansky

the final word on nutrition and health

referring web pages

how taxes work . . . (humor)

off-list and 4yeo!

chiropractic treatment of the neck can be a risk factor for stroke

chiropractic tied to rare strokes

stopping a contagion

ninth edition of the skeptics' circle

a conspiracy theory spreads polio

a scientific look at alternative medicine

procedure to melt fat just a dud, suit claims (mesotherapy)

'copeland's cure': medicine show (homeopathy)

special sat edition to conform to new kansas state board of education requirements

chiropractors distort info negative to their practice

neck manipulation and strokes: references

risks related to manipulation of the cervical spine: consequences for evidence based practice

cancer patients take their hopes to tijuana

fda warning letters to firms for marketing illicit "cure-all" products

anti-immunization press reports in australia 1993-1997

trumpeting vaccination may only entrench opposition

consumer health digest #05-20 may 17, 2005

ntla orders 'bogus' st. luke university closed

discredited doctor's 'cure' for aids ignites life-and-death struggle in south africa

serious pseudoscience (fsu chiropractic school)

chiropractic: the victim's perspective

medicine man: is chiropractic treatment potentially much more dangerous than most?

gates adds $250m to fight against diseases

chiropractor fined in toxin case

ephedra: a step backwards

kirby's "evidence of harm," evidently stoking fear

our antique courts

beware: harmful effects of herbs

the story of homoeopathy and how it has flourished

quackery: skeptic.com

chiropractor in botox probe gets license

cow's urine health fad

the eighth skeptics' circle

chiropractic on the student doctor forum

quantum quackery

mercury and autism: a damaging delusion

palm beach gardens chiropractor in botulism case is hit with fine

banned swimmer wins case over supplements

aids activists go after vitamin salesman (matthias rath)

rath articles

vitamin guru to face wrath of tac in court (matthias rath)

bad medicine (matthias rath)

judge criticizes head of chiropractors’ group

un denounces ad campaign by us vitamin distributor (matthias rath)

africa responds to close down polio epidemic

primal defense, hso probiotics: a warning

experts warn of welsh mumps epidemic

anti-polio vaccine malians jailed

yemen and indonesia polio cases worry who

is the vaccine industry ailing?

anti-vaccination crowd needs a pill

bigotry sparks rebirth of disease

therapies cut death risk, breast-cancer study finds

jab 'does not lead to bowel disease'

mmr is urged for children as mumps epidemic spreads

absence of evidence -- evidence of absence?

mcc orders urgent probe of rath cures

harvard researchers tear into rath

rath gets a taste of asmal's wrath

rath bad news for hiv/aids sufferers

tac issues ultimatum over entrepreneur (matthias rath)

health minister's dose of the wrong medicine - da

dangers of alternative medicine

ignoring science at our peril

the chiropractic subluxation is dead, time magazine

the atheist: interview with richard dawkins

weirdest cures on show at debate

belfast: five week series of talks on quack medicine

away with all your superstitions

journal prints rejected paper - as ad

characteristics of pediatric and adolescent patients attending a naturopathic college clinic in canada

lower vaccination rates put children at risk

fired santana aide blames guru's 'test'

two cows: humor

consumer health digest #05-17, april 26, 2005.

some activist groups exhibit a "pathological scientific" stance

acupuncture and dry-needling for low back pain (cochrane review)

aids, flu, pesticide,cell phone reassurances -- and then flour

state medical board suspends license of dr. james shortt

foolish not to vaccinate

codex won’t affect us law, say associations

deadly bug risk to 43% of toddlers

sixth skeptics' circle

mysteries of the magic water man

things to ponder

alternative medicine doctor has license suspended

666 number of the beast - humor

list of mangled measurements - humor

el computer - humor

beware of health fraud

homeopathy - undiluted tosh!

just stick it out! - humor

do physicians overestimate effects of acupuncture treatment?

alternative medical terms - humor

warning: bread is dangerous! - humor

antivaxers: the lowest form of human life

penn & teller receive 2005 richard dawkins award

polio vaccination boycott spreads

anti-vaccine sentiment plagues nigeria

naturopathic technique stirring bad blood

the tangled bank xxv: dear journal editor, it's me again

the days of no-to-bac: quackery looks quaint

magnetic therapy

rebecca carley, md, a disgrace to medicine

concern over this article: "complementary medicine in australia"

"smoking teeth" - the truth gets "smoked out"

vaccine info on the web: fact or fiction?

detailing rubella's disappearance

homoeopathic fraud : cafepress.com

cold reading resources

complementary & alternative medicine use, needs more rigorous evaluation

does science have chiropractic's back?

19 so-called doctors denied licenses

is your chiropractor safe? accreditor admits 12% of chiropractors are unqualified

is trust enough?

complementary and alternative veterinary medicine considered

vaccination-autism link unproven

people's pharma - humor

google gulp - humor

praise allah (a political joke) - humor

noel batten exposed

anti-vaccine sentiment plagues nigeria

homeopathy meet ends in a dramatic fashion

dr. stephen barrett on c-health: your health and wellness source

why double-blind studies? - steven bratman, m.d.

alternative medicine consulting services - steven bratman, m.d.

carlos negrete's malicious abuse of the judicial system

chiropractic loan default problem

chiropractic college's top administrator steps down

physiotherapy for elderly, youth covered under ohip after government backs down

william hammesfahr's false claim to nobel fame

mark geier untrustworthy: autism, thimerosal, vaccinations

revisiting the thimerosal-autism connection

quack, quack, quack: exhibit at the philadelphia museum of art

original web articles on alternative medicine

cdc: rubella eliminated in u.s.

the fourth edition of the skeptics' circle

response to tim bolen's nonsense about hulda clark

how do you blog?

chiropractic books

appeals court upholds suit against carlos negrete

bogus "anti-quackbuster" suit withdrawn

mindless sheep - humor

supporting signatures to open letter to the avma

fear itself

defamation and libel blog

grand rounds xxv: what to watch this week

10 clues that "alternative" might mean "invalid"

medical practioners bear great responsibility

successful chiropractic marketing

my start in blogging

sad to see doctor promoting false hope

don't call naturopathy a legitimate practice 

nutritional supplements: buyers be aware

opposition to license naturopathy

chiropractic - a study by mahlon wagner, phd

herbal, homeopathic treatments share space with cold medicines

plain prey

congregation of universal wisdom

chiro images - humor

antivax vibes grow as naturopathy students go

position statement regarding the proposed chiropractic school at fsu

recognizing pseudoscience

comments on abele memo and fsu proposal

the scientific review of alternative medicine (sram)

the alternative universe, by wallace sampson, md

alternative medicine

the third skeptics' circle

quacks duck when they see cousin bob

journal retracts nfld. scientist's controversial vitamin article

'no link between mmr and autism'

quackbusters?

the quack catcher

the third skeptics' circle is coming soon!

lawsuit targets u.s. chiropractor group

josh groban sings the national anthem

why i left chiropractic

charles gets seal of approval on unorthodox treatments

fighting pseudo-science with science fiction

patient perspectives: tijuana cancer clinics in the post-nafta era

deadly quacks: neurologists have long protested the practice of 'highest neck manipulation,'

fifth world skeptics congress

the skeptics' circle: second edition

florida dc becomes state senate majority leader

national insurance fraud seminar focuses on chiropractic

alternative therapies: an expert's view

subject: you all are out of your minds

biomed central independent journals

the skeptics' circle - announcement

more evidence of the good that vaccines do

mmr vaccine and autism

the cloned ranger

herbals, alternative therapies here to stay

cancer alternative therapy trend

another chiropractor calls it quits

vitalism and the future of chiropractic

what is a "web carnival"?

chiropractic college killed

board of governors kills fsu chiropractic school

time: the skeptical eye - leon jaroff 

fsu chiropractic school defeated!

chiropractic school faces key vote

breaking the back of legislative meddling

does science have chiropractic's back?

action alert! stop fsu school of chiropractic 

chiropractic: the exception does not justify the rule

sparks fly over fsu's proposed chiropractic school

chiropractic school out of alignment with taxpayer interests

fsu chiropractic school is unneeded

excess in the pharmaceutical industry -- angell

fair vote on chiropractic school promised

chiropractic college at fsu

proposed school at fsu heats chiropractic debate

don't saddle fsu with chiropractic school

fsu bonecrackers

legislators, gov. bush seek cooperation

lawsuit takes aim at universities board

panel may have bone to pick with capitol

sica reflects on fsu chiropractic college

chiropractic school may cost state $84 million

fsu control over planned chiropractic school gets tense

opponents try to kill plan for fsu chiropractic school

nejm -- effects of moderate alcohol consumption on cognitive function in women

fsu chiropractic school deserves lack of support

jeb bush criticizes fsu handling of chiropractic school dispute

making fsu flagship for subluxation theory of disease takes backbone

fsu: restoring order

opinion: fsu's hands-off approach

opinion: set record straight about chiropractic school

summary box: chiropractic school derided

doctors, others deride chiropractic school

terry polevoy's complaint to the canadian business press

chiroquackery: wellness may be adjustment away 

chiropractic school faces opposition

terry polevoy's complaint to the canadian business press

the placebo illusion

no justification for the existence of chiropractic

why the fsu chiropractic school shouldn't happen

alternative medicine documents

school could prove -- or dispel -- claims: annotated

homeopathic remedy for chiropractic subluxations

group lists top unfounded health scares of 2004

fsu: chiropractic school takes step forward

proposed chiropractic school at fsu ignites furor between lawmakers, profs

are chiropractors "back doctors"?

fsu: chiropractor school resistance stiffens

fsu board of trustees votes yes on chiropractic college

hulda clark links

hulda clark & tim bolen: birds of a feather......

funding for fsu chiropractic school faces uphill battle

consumer health digest #05-02, jan. 11, 2005
non-traditional medicine is no fad

chiropractors, doctors feud over fsu plan

fsu: school could prove -- or dispel -- claims

research on alternative therapies is sought

governors say fsu ad for dean premature

will fsu school improve image of chiropractic?

fsu: chiropractic has backers, but is it just voodoo?

fsu: faculty: hold off on chiropractic deal

chiropractic divorce

chiropractic nightmare

cat's amazing ability to survive falls

chiropractic injury, spinal stenosis, cauda equina syndrome

inuit diet - atkins revisited

low back pain, short hamstrings, and straight leg lifts

hulda clark behandlere fupper kræftpatienter

the skeptics of "energy" therapies

colonic irrigation

fsu: physicians urge school be stopped

chiropractic school splits fsu

ethical analysis of vertebral subluxation based chiropractic

unlikely duo proves true chiropractic success looks totally different than what the gurus say it should

"chiropractic is a new theology" -- robert clyde affolter, dc

health care heretic - blog by larry wyatt, dc

two studies suggest a protein has a big role in heart disease

controversy erupts over proposed chiropractic college at florida state university

chiropractic school becomes nagging pain at fsu

international association for the study of pain - pain terminology

dynamic chiropractic archives

cultural authority, best practices, and chiropractic theory: a dilemma for chiropractic?

food for thought 2005 - keeping an open mind works both ways (muscle testing for nutritional diagnosis)

chirobase

bad thinking: quackbuster censored

fsublius: (florida state university)

house of lords - science and technology - sixth report

the straw man fallacy

unarticle: regarding censorship of article about terry polevoy

doctors threaten to quit fsu over school

medical post article about terry polevoy is an egregious example of libel chill

fsu parody campus map: google search

fsu chiropractic school: google search

administrators push for fsu chiropractic school

fsu: twisted arms, twisted egos, twisted politics

chiropractic school angers fsu professors

heimlich the hero?

response to hulda's christmas poem thing - by jeannee/skeptyk

quest for advertisers lands air america in bed with repugnant huckster

fsu chiropractic school not a done deal just yet

mucoid plaque - a dubious idea

off the deep end: dr. heimlich’s dangerous maneuvers

the alternative fix: pbs

rogers communications' medical post article by barbara kermode-scott about terry polevoy was removed from the internet

challenging quacks and frauds: terry polevoy, md

evidence-based medicine or faith-based medicine?

breaking news: acupuncture relieves pain and improves functionin knee osteoarthritis 

clinical course of severe poisoning with thiomersal.

a chiropractic school at fsu: unanswered questions

pinkbook/original: epidemiology & prevention of vaccine-preventable diseases

more fsu chiro info - important dates

new! homeopathic weight loss aid!

risks and medications-before you switch to willow bark

james randi bio

the life times

atomic tomatoes are not the only fruit

the top ten questions homeopaths can't answer

question of science (fsu chiropractic)

medicare pilot project expands coverage for chiropractic care

too many new patients! (chiro marketing)

how can intelligent people use alternative medicine? ; it is not harmless to profit from selling lies to sick and dying people

swiss company to provide refund to u.s. consumers

neurologic complications following chiropractic manipulation: a survey of california neurologists

stroke following chiropractic manipulation of the cervical spine

google scholar

prayer study: columbia professor removes his name from paper

comments on "in the quest for cultural authority "

hulda clark: s.d. firm, swiss affiliate settle lawsuit over cancer cure claims 

face discussion board - before and after

in the quest for cultural authority

michael kastberg afsløret -- igen!

michael kastbergs forvandling

boop (bone out of place)

face group segregates and bans critics

innate intelligence: its origins and problems

the politics of health fraud

a common sense proof that hulda clark does not have a cure for cancer

good vaccination links

chiropractors and vaccination

randy ferrance, dc, md on vaccination

don't buy the lie: infomercial scam video released. 

the realities of alternative medicine for serious illness: a guidefor laymen - by saul green, ph.d.

chiropractic position statement (portion)

cebm - levels of evidence and grades of recommendation

chiropractic's legacy: palmer megalomania

man is charged in cancer death

featured internship opportunity (chiro marketing)

proadjuster - chiropractic tool

so many questions....about fsu chiropractic school

proposed school of chiropractic at florida state university

sludge doctor's editorial

scripts are for actors not doctors. dcs use scripts...... 

press release: is your chiropractor safe? accreditor admits 12%of chiropractors are unqualified

rubella elimination in the americas advancing, experts say

saul green letter to the scientist re: alternative medicine

saul green letter to wash post re: burzynski

saul green, ph.d. - extraordinary man of science

alternative medicine essays - skeptic's dictionary

chiroquackery in the uk

chiropractic education - by john badanes, dc, pharmd

john badanes' incisive comments

closer to truth . who gets to validate alternative medicine? - pbs

osteopathy and chiropractic - a little history....

ftc launches "big fat lie" initiative targeting bogus weight-loss claims

fatfoe eggplant extract - fat blocker

two realities - by harriet hall, md

anti-quackery t-shirts and slogans

introductory logic - slick maneuver identification tables

ica files major brief in landmark arkansas chiropractic board vs.pt case

life u's holiday lights twinkle off

chiro ammo publishing - products

how to create chiropractic fanatics

censorship on the drclark list

dr. terry polevoy - medical post article

ephedra: if it starts killing celebrities, it's gone too far.

herbal highs: "natural" is not a synonym for safe.

dietary supplements: iom calls for changes in the 1994 dshea.

why do smart people fall for dumb ideas? - by harriet hall, md

quotes regarding science

dolivaxil can't "cure" anything - by liz ditz

can homeopathy (oscillococcinum, dolivaxil, influenzinum) help with the flu? - by liz ditz

optometry for learning disabilities - by liz ditz

vision therapy: disproven bunk in new package; credulous reporting no help - by liz ditz

myth of a quick fix - by diana moore

controversial therapies: why do some unproven therapies become popular? - by emerson dickman

an eye for fakes - by jeff gammage

are you a quack?

spam links - spam scams

how a medical practice should be run?

anti - vaccination group promoting children's playgroup.

attitudes and views of medical students toward science and pseudoscience

acsh: facts & fears

there's an unvaccinated sucker born every minute by rivka weiser

faact - families against abusive chiropractic treatments

glucosamin: mulige alvorlige bivirkninger undersøges

science fair projects - chiropractic medicine

chiropractic technique may pose stroke risk

"god is dead" article from the new york times jan. 9. 1966, page146

konfabulator - gallery

chiropractic oranges

proving a negative

cbs news saying 'no' to immunization october 20, 2004

the politics of autism: lawsuits and emotion vs. science and childhood vaccines.

autism and vaccines: activists wage a nasty campaign to silence scientists.

defendphysicaltherapy.com

hulda clark does not have a cure for cancer

attention life alums - cult expert wants your story

discussion regarding homeopathy

comparison of dc & md disciplinary categories

chiropractic's "safe haven"

technique, not theory or therapy

anne's weblog: questions about zonetherapy

summary of problems in chiropractic, by diane

asthma quack cures -- about.com series

reasoning error: that any idea granted a name is 'real'.

quackery in chiropractic

quacksites: most unreliable health websites

bivirkning eller eftervirkning?

some useful links

eva cassidy: legendary singer

chiropractors need re-education!

the elusive chiropractic "subluxation"

josh groban, another talented singer

eva cassidy: articles, music clips, reviews, etc.

chirotalk

getting the big picture

chiropractic assistant's corner

advice to a future dc

a blog *about* chiropractic and adhd

blogs by chiropractors or students

anti-intellectual quote from b.j. palmer

your subjects: an invitation to post here

dansk skeptiker: sidsel larsen

blog quoting theresa neilsen hayden

theresa neilsen hayden's blog entry about chiropractic

blog by alan: victims of alternative medicine

great blog by liz ditz

g. douglas andersen, dc - an exceptional chiropractor

chiropractic: science or religion?

chiropractors and immunization

chiropractic admission standands lowest among health professionals

the famous chiropediatric top 7

the 33 chiropractic principles

no justification for the existence of chiropractic

chirolinks: chiropractic resources, articles & links

what is "real" chiropractic?

chiropractic position statement & disclaimer

treasure chest of quotes & jokes

"turf war," my tush! - by john badanes, dc, pharmd

chiropractic assistants as whistleblowers: an invitation toactivism

the memory of water: homeopathic musings

craniosacral therapy (cst)

your subjects for discussion

eva cassidy - legendary singer

blog search engine

blogarama - the blog directory

bekæmpelse af kvaksalveri i danmark

d.d. palmer's religion of chiropractic - d.d. palmer letter, may 4, 1911

my latest satirical (exasperation) comment at chirotalk

newest pages at the quack-files

a few of my internet activities

the quack-files: introduction

bilingual blog: english / danish


homethe quack-files






********************** subscribe to this blog **********************
enter your email address below to subscribe to
confessions of a quackbuster!


powered by bloglet
********************please visit and link to other related cyber activities



confessions of a quackbuster
the saul green files
healthfraud discussion list
chiropractic index
chirotalk
eva cassidy: legendary singer
anti-quackery ring
skeptic ring




posted by sitemaster | 7:36 pm
 








 
		  		









