



school district of beloit / homepage




















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

converse elementary
gaston elementary
hackett elementary
merrill elementary
robinson elementary
todd elementary
aldrich middle school
fruzen middle school
beloit memorial high school
beloit learning academy






sign in


search our site















staff login




search




what are you searching for?

submit search












                                school district of beloit
                            

                                preparing and inspiring every student to succeed in life and contribute to an ever-changing world
                            











2025 referendum
"



2025 referendum



our district
"
2022 superintendent search
2023-2024 school year
2025 referendum
2024 summer engagement events
2024 summer school
all school shout-out videos
budget information
business services
covid-19 dashboard
disclosures
facility rental
points of pride
portrait of a graduate
revitalization task force | 2019/2020
schools and principals listing
strategic plan
summer food program
teacher of the week
tour our intermediate schools


2024-2025 school year registration
every day counts. attendance matters!
dei (diversity, equity, inclusion)
donate today
esser funds update
family exit survey
open records
request a student record
school closings
staff directory
strategic plan
student teaching opportunities
superintendent
volunteer
2025 referendum



departments
"
facility services
purchasing services and bid list
safety and security
student services


business services
communications, marketing, and community outreach
enrollment/registration
food/nutrition
human resources
pupil services
student health and wellness services
teaching, learning & equity
technology services
transportation



programs
"
grow your own multicultural teacher scholarship program
summer food program


4k kindergarten
advanced learner (gt)
dual language immersion
even start family literacy program
loads 2 success
seal-a-smile
transition services & resources



board of education
"



board of education



news
"
celebrating black history month
celebrating hispanic heritage month
did you know?
martin luther king jr. essay contest
news releases
points of pride
sdb newsletter
sdb overview
sdb retirees
sdb years of service honorees
valentine's day campaign
we stand against racism


all-star spotlight
celebrating our veterans
family spotlights
sdb blog
sdb highlights and headlines
sdb news
sdb podcast
sdb videos
staff spotlights
student highlights
teacher appreciation week



resources
"
2021 child development days
city of beloit transit
early childhood screenings
early literacy
frequently requested forms
mckinney-vento
student tech support help desk


student dress code
student code of conduct
affordable connectivity program
anonymous bullying report
care solace
emergency resources
family advocates
family handbook
guía de recursos de salud mental y bienestar
legal action of wisconsin
mental health and wellness resource guide
rock county winter warming sites
speak up, speak out wisconsin (suso)



sdb family center
"
2020 term 4 safe to return to school guide
2024 community health fair
coffee with the principal
covid-19 family resources
covid-19 testing sites
early literacy
family guides: supporting learning
health & wellness
important test dates
podcasts
school supply lists
sdb blog


academic and career planning
act 20
an overview to family center
articles and resources
coffee connections
community awards/recognitions
community hub
community partners
district library resources
family school organizations
google workspace for education
skyward family access
stay connected
student and family education resources
superintendent newsletters
todos unidos



stay connected
"




alumni
"
alumni in the news
alumni newsletter
history


alumni
bmhs hall of fame
class contact information
tanner kitelinger memorial: rising star award
quarter century club



























































welcome to the school district of beloit






on behalf of the board of education and the school district of beloit we stand against all forms of systemic and institutional racism. now more than ever it is necessary for our community’s institutions and organizations to commit to be anti-racist. we are proud of the diversity within the school district of beloit and we acknowledge the challenges and adversity that so many of our families of color are facing. we are always committed to supporting our students, families, and staff. we are here for you and we are stronger together.
at the school district of beloit, we believe in diversity (honoring and respecting our human differences); equity (removing barriers and providing support for individuals to achieve their greatest potential); and inclusion (ensuring each and every one belongs).
mission: committed to excellence and strengthened and enriched by diversity, we prepare each student to compete, contribute, and thrive as an admirable person in a rapidly changing world by engaging students in a wide variety of high quality, relevant programs in partnership with families, schools, and the stateline community. vision: preparing and inspiring each student to succeed in life and contribute to an ever-changing world.




















bienvenidos al distrito escolar de beloit






en nombre de la junta de educación y el distrito escolar de beloit, nos oponemos a todas las formas de racismo sistémico e institucional. ahora mas que nunca es necesario que las instituciones y organizaciones de nuestra comunidad se comprometan a ser antirracistas. estamos orgullosos de la diversidad del distrito escolar de beloit y reconocemos los desafíos y la adversidad que enfrentan muchas de nuestras familias de color. estamos comprometidos a apoyar a nuestros estudiantes, familias y personal. estamos aquí para usted y juntos somos más fuertes.
en el distrito escolar de beloit, creemos en la diversidad (honrando y respetando nuestras diferencias humanas); equidad (eliminar barreras y brindar apoyo a individuos para que logren su mayor potencial); e inclusión (asegurar que todos y cada uno pertenezcan).
misión: comprometidos con la excelencia y fortalecidos y enriquecidos por la diversidad, preparamos a cada estudiante para competir, contribuir y prosperar como una persona admirable en un mundo que cambia rápidamente al involucrar a los estudiantes en una amplia variedad de programas relevantes de alta calidad en colaboración con familias, escuelas, y la comunidad. visión: preparar e inspirar a cada estudiante para que triunfe en la vida y contribuya a un mundo en constante cambio.































it's okay to ask for help: click here to access care solace









encuentre ayuda, acceda a care solace hoy
















district upcoming events





today

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
aldrich winter band concert





tomorrow

5:00 pm - 8:00 pm
tle & ps and regular board meeting






7:00 pm - 8:30 pm
fruzen band concert





thursday

10:30 am - 11:30 am
referendum information session - bpl






1:30 pm - 3:30 pm
merrill food market





february 23, 2025

2:00 pm - 4:00 pm
bmhs hot chili - cool jazz





february 24, 2025

bmhs snowcoming week!





february 25, 2025

bmhs snowcoming week!





february 26, 2025

bmhs snowcoming week!






10:00 am - 3:00 pm
ec screening-for 3-4 yrs old not enrolled in school-please call to schedule at 361-4020






4:30 pm - 6:30 pm
coffee and connections with elementary school principals





february 27, 2025

bmhs snowcoming week!






merrill read your heart out - black history month






1:30 pm - 3:30 pm
merrill food market






5:00 pm - 6:30 pm
merrill literacy night




view calendar























sdb bulletin






access our 2024-2025 school supply lists
acceda a nuestras listas de útiles escolar 2024-2025


comments (-1)







access our 2024-2025 school year calendar.
acceda a nuestro calendario escolar del 2024-2025.


comments (-1)







the beloit memorial high school academies create an environment of learning and growth that prepares and inspires each student to succeed in life and contribute to an ever-changing world. beloit memorial high school graduates are career, college, and community ready thanks to our academies, community partnerships, and our portrait of a graduate.
las academias de beloit memorial high school crean un ambiente de aprendizaje y crecimiento que prepara e inspira a cada estudiante a tener éxito en la vida y contribuir a un mundo en constante cambio. los graduados de beloit memorial high school están preparados para la carrera, la universidad y la comunidad gracias a nuestras academias, asociaciones comunitarias y nuestro retrato de un graduado.


comments (-1)
























sdb news











beloit memorial has trio honored on all-slc girls tennis team

beloit memorial’s doubles team of seniors abby middleton and gabi martinez earned all-southern lakes conference second team honors.  junior lisa ramsden of beloit earned honorable mention.

comments (-1)












beloit board of education to host table talks at library

“my hope is that this setup will encourage people to talk and share their thoughts about education, school programs, community involvement, and more. we will not have a formal presentation; our goal is simply to connect with everyone who joins us,” johnson added.

comments (-1)












beloit memorial hopes to fund athletic facility improvements with private donations

“jacobson field is massively dated. we spend about $75,000 a year both directly and indirectly to take care of that field with the man hours and equipment it involves with fertilizing, watering, cutting and lining. because of that, we have to bring in outside groups to help with the maintenance.”

comments (-1)












beloit memorial's laila lee enjoying senior season on purple tide

as good as her junior swimming season was, she’s been even better as a senior. she is one of the team’s top freestylers, in both individual and relay events, which hasn’t surprised her head coach, kim waite.  “she is a hard-working, determined, goal-oriented athlete,” waite said. “she’s not your normal high school student."

comments (-1)












best teacher in stateline gets to be silly year-round

for 28 of the past 29 years, kristin hosey has spent 10 months a year playing games, occasionally dressing in silly costumes and singing songs to kindergartners.  “it definitely keeps me young,” said hosey, a 1990 beloit memorial high school graduate who spent the last 15 years of her teaching career at gaston elementary. “at this age, they all love their teachers, they love school, they love to work.”

comments (-1)




more 





















thinking beyond now



































visit us
1500 fourth street
beloit, wi 53511
get directions


contact us
p: 608-361-4000
f: 608-361-4122
email us


social media











this is the disclaimer text. you can use this area for legal statements, copyright information, a mission statement, etc. if you don’t use it, the bb footer will slide up.



















questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















