






perry’s restaurant

















































































perry’s restaurant








 










menu

 


home
our story
our services

menu
lunch specials
catering
entertainment


contact us















 
410-674-4000‬














order online














odie's booze box

































 
welcome to perry's






taste the tradition 



welcome to perry’s restaurant, where culinary delights and warm hospitality await you! step into our cozy and inviting restaurant, where tradition meets taste! with over 50 years of history in our community, we have served delicious meals and created unforgettable dining experiences for generations. 







 
online order



















 
welcome to perry's














taste the  tradition 



welcome to perry’s restaurant, where culinary delights and warm hospitality await you! step into our cozy and inviting restaurant, where tradition meets taste! with over 50 years of history in our community, we have served delicious meals and created unforgettable dining experiences for generations. 










contact us











 
call perry's


















 
our story








the best restaurant & bar in odenton 



from humble beginnings to becoming a beloved institution, we take great pride in our rich heritage and our strong connections with our loyal patrons. whether you’re a longtime customer or a first-time visitor, we invite you to enter our welcoming atmosphere and indulge in the flavors that have made us a local favorite. join us as we write new chapters in our culinary journey, staying true to our roots while constantly innovating to exceed your expectations. prepare to embark on a culinary adventure that celebrates our greek heritage’s timeless american flavors and enduring spirit. 










 
welcoming bar






as soon as you pull up a chair at our bar, we want you to feel like you’re part of the family here at perry’s. with 24 taps and many local craft beers, along with a full menu of the drinks you’ve come to know, you’ll find something you love. 










 
 neighborly vibe






we’re committed to making sure you have a great time and feel like part of something awesome. join us and find out exactly why our reputation for neighborliness is the mainstay of our brand. 










nightly entertainment











 



 






0

years in business

 















0

team members

 










0

pounds of crab meat

 










0

charity events

 










0

catered events

 












locally sourced
at perry's, we pride ourselves on offering a locally sourced menu that showcases the best of our region's ingredients. our commitment to supporting local farmers, growers, breweries and artisans is reflected in every dish we serve.


 








nightly entertainment
we strive to create an immersive and enjoyable dining experience by offering a variety of nightly entertainment options. great food should be complemented by a great atmosphere, allowing our guests to indulge in a multi-sensory experience.


 








on-site & off-site catering
we are delighted to offer both on-site and off-site catering services to cater to our customers' diverse needs. whether you're hosting an event at our restaurant, in our private banquet room, or at a location of your choice, our catering services are designed to deliver exceptional food and service.


 



















 
our services






food, fun & entertainment 




food for allfood is amazing because it brings people together and creates connections! whether it's a family dinner or a night out with friends, sharing a meal fosters conversations and creates memories that will last a lifetime. come to perry's and make unforgettable memories around our table!

food menu



 








wine loversif wine is your passion, we have curated a selection of reds, whites, rosés, and sparkling wines from vineyards across the globe.

wine list



 




music fansare you in the mood for a night of fun and entertainment? we've got you covered. you can sing your heart out at our karaoke nights, dance the night away to live bands or show off your knowledge at our trivia nights. whatever you choose, we promise you a great time. so gather your friends and come down for a night to remember.

entertainment schedule



 








daily specialsdiscover our latest daily lunch specials. 

daily specials



 




beer enthusiastsfor beer enthusiasts, we offer 24 taps and we have many local craft beers, including a few from the brewery around the corner. in fact, we have a custom beer for one of our nitro lines. so no matter which beer lover you are, the one who prefers imported classics, or the one who chooses local favorites, we have hoppy ipas to smooth lagers and rich stouts. our collection caters to every palate and preference.

beer menu



 






















baby showersbirthday partiesweddingsmeetingsback yard bbqbackyard parties 










our catering service is designed to bring the exceptional dining experience of our restaurant to your special events and gatherings. we offer a comprehensive range of catering options tailored to meet your unique preferences and requirements. here’s an overview of our catering service:menu customizationour experienced culinary team works closely with you to create a customized menu that aligns with your event theme, dietary preferences, and guest preferences. from appetizers and main courses to desserts and beverages, we offer a diverse selection of dishes made from high-quality, locally sourced ingredients. we can accommodate various dietary restrictions, including vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, and more.professional staffour catering service includes a team of professional and friendly staff members who are dedicated to ensuring a seamless and enjoyable experience for you and your guests. from chefs and servers to bartenders and event coordinators, our team is trained to deliver top-notch service and hospitality. 






 
catering






you'll feel welcome right away. 






contact our catering coordinator






















 
our team






meet our restaurant family 



here’s the inside scoop on why perry’s restaurant is the best spot in town. our owner, kristos miliotis, his wife stacy, and the entire family wish you the best experience possible when you come to visit perry’s restaurant. whether you are stopping in for a beverage, or coming by for dinner, you can always count on perry’s for friendly service and the best quality. we have a top notch team and what’s even cooler is that many of them have been with us for over three decades. from our chef to our bartenders and wait staff, everyone is seriously dedicated to making sure you have an awesome time here. we can’t wait to share our love for great food and good vibes with you. from our family to yours stina yasu! 



















 
testimonials






our customers say it best 





















perry restaurant 






order online










call the restaurant











 














 
join our rewards program






sign up today 






















 




















 



welcome to perry’s restaurant, where culinary delights and warm hospitality are our specialties!step inside our cozy and inviting space, where tradition meets taste. for over 50 years, we have been serving up delicious meals and creating unforgettable dining experiences for generations. serving breakfast, lunch and dinner, daily. 



visit us at: 1210 annapolis road, odenton, md 21113 







quick links 






home




our story




catering




entertainment




contact us











useful links 






gift cards




rewards




the fine print











perry's hours 






 
mon-thur 10 am - 11 pm



 
fri & sat 10 am - 2 am



 
sun 10 am - 10 pm



 
kitchen hours: m-th 10-10pm, fri & sat 10-11 pm & sun 10-9 pm






perry’s offers operating hours to ensure that you can enjoy our cuisine at your convenience. for delivery, please visit our online store below. 






order online















created by silesky marketing 










jki-facebook-light
 



instagram
 










copyright © 2023 perry’s restaurant, bar & catering. 










 








 



 













weekly entertainment schedule 



 













 







domestic drafts 



angry orcharddogfish 60 min ipaguinnessguinness blondmodelosamuel adams seasonalsam adams boston lagerstella atroisblue moon  shiner bockincluding coors, miller, etc. 







rotating taps from these local 
brewing companies 











pherm brewingbrookeville beer farmcrooked crab brewing 

















 










reds  



wines of francis coppola cabernet sauvignonmedium-bodied with firm tannins and a rounded mid-palate, a bold entrance with aromas of tobacco, char, and cocoa complimented by notes of blackberry and black fruits on the palategnarly head bourbon barrel cabernet sauvignonlayered with suggestions of blackberry, vanilla, and warm spice with notes reminiscent of bourbon: caramel, butterscotch, and charred oakmurphy goode merlotbig and bold, this red wine exhibits aromas and flavors of black cherry, blueberry, and blackberry said together with a kiss of toasty vanillafolie a deux merlotdeliciously approachable with vibrant ripple black cherries, accented with notes of toasted caramel and vanilla with smooth, well-structured tanninswines of francis coppola pinot noir rich aromas of red cherry, nutmeg, graham cracker, and raspberry soda balanced by additional flavors of toffeez alexander brown pinot noirbright red fruits and the perfect acidity balance from monterey and signature spice and concentration from napa valley 



whites 



z alexander brown chardonnaya balanced california chardonnay with apple, pineapple, vanilla & oakjoel gott chardonnaytropical aromas of melon and pineapple lead to bright citrus flavors and hints of vanillanoble vines pinot grigioshowcases vibrant aromas and flavors of white peach, green apple, lemon curd, and tangerine zest, balanced by a hint of mineralityluna nuda pinot grigiobright, crisp flavors of golden delicious apple and citrus flow through this wine with just a hint of alpine airpacific rim rieslingwonderfully aromatic with hints of honey, pear, and orange blossombrancott sauvignon blanca vibrant wine with flavors of grapefruit, honeydew melon, and passionfruit contribute to the ripe fruit sweetness combined with a tight, fresh aciditystoneleigh sauvignon blancpunchy aromatics of grapefruit, white peach, and passionfruit with a scattering of tropical fruits 



sparkling 



zonin sparkling rosezonin sparkling brutprosecco 



house wines featuring sycamore lane, chardonnay, pinot grigio, merlot, and sparkling 








































