




knowledge house - learning resources - homeschool information




























bookmark this website

 

recommend to a friend


  intro-home page
  how to use this site



  articles-reviews
  family articles
  homeschool articles
  devotional articles
  books, movies, tv
  curriculum, software 
  & product reviews
  not just for kids:
  mini unit studies

  homeschool info
  books & resources
  articles & reviews
  lists & outlines
  freebies & printables
  money-saving tips
  homeschool news
  quotes/poems/humor
  famous people
  homeschool patriots
  homeschooling in az
  unschooling

  grade levels
  preschool
  kindergarten
  first grade
  second grade
  third grade
  fourth grade
  fifth grade
  sixth grade
  seventh grade
  eighth grade
  high school
  college


  link library
  reference
  arizona
  art & music 
  language arts 
  literature 
  social studies 
  history:
  world history
  american history
  government 
  geography 
  mathematics 
  science:
  general science
  earth science
  life science
  astronomy & space
  computer science
  foreign languages
  health & p.e. 
  other subjects

  more links
  blogs 
  education & learning
  entertainment reviews
  computers & software 
  online courses 
  freebies 
  kids links 
  teen links 
  home & family
  patriotic links
  christian sites 
  ministries & charities
  special needs


  holidays
  january 
  february 
  march 
  april 
  may 
  june 
  july 
  august 
  september 
  october 
  november 
  december


  learning for life
  excerpts
  author bio
  endorsements
  press
  order form


  product catalog
  citizens rule book
  learning for life 
  god created you
  captain dad 
  abraham lincoln: 
  the boy, the man
  the nativity story
  ebooks & downloads
  toys/games/hobbies

  about us
  family mission
  homeschool mission
  statement of faith
  children & the internet
  contact/comment
  copyright/permissions
  review guidelines
  favored merchants
  sponsors/advertisers
  awards & praises
  web rings
  acknowledgments



k
i
d
s


p
a
g
e





20 great reasons


to homeschool











    


















"by wisdom a house is built, and by understanding it is established; and by knowledge the rooms are filled with all precious and pleasant riches." ~proverbs 24:3-4





 





welcome to the knowledge house learning resource center!

*click here to view the latest knowledge house newsletter*

knowledge house refers to the place where we live and learn - our home school - while the name and logo also symbolize my educational website. knowledge house is a comprehensive source of homeschool information, ideas, and inspiration! remember to add this website to your list of favorites and come back often!

                                                                                          


p.s. knowledge house is currently undergoing an upgrade. the site is nearly 600 pages and mostly a labor of love (maintained by a busy homeschool mom in my spare time), so please be patient as new content is added.






*quick links*


homeschool library 
an extensive library of links. subscribe to get a free link of the day!

famous homeschoolers   
the most popular list of famous homeschoolers on the net!

homeschooling teen
free e-zine for homeschooled high schoolers and young adult alumni!

homeschool patriot 
life, liberty, and the pursuit of learning!

little brick schoolhouse   
building foundations for learning... brick by brick!

arizona edventures    
educational adventures in arizona and the southwest!




check out the knowledge house guide to: 

holidays & special days 
find fun facts, unit study ideas, and/or writing topics for every day of the year! 




*homeschooling in the news*

"homeschooling in the news"
powered by rss feed informer


















subscribe to homeschooling teen - free 
email:  

















homeschooling teen is an exciting new monthly e-zine that is oriented towards homeschooled high schoolers and young adult alumni. much of the content is written by other subscribers, and there are many opportunities for readers to participate. additionally, in each issue we feature a profile of a homeschooling teen subscriber and/or famous homeschooled teen. 
subscribe today - it's free!




online high school diploma is a great place to test your high school knowledge through the battery of free tests that are also utilized for preparation for those studying for the ged. enroll for free in the program and see how you do today!



knowledge house newsletter
click here to
            subscribe - it's free!
(send
            a blank e-mail; you will receive a confirmation e-mail from yahoo! groups.)

receive a monthly e-newsletter featuring original articles, unit studies, holiday ideas, teaching tips, quotations, book reviews, biographies, experiments, learning links, etc. each issue contains a freebie or bargain, too!
(rest assured, we value your privacy and will never sell or share your e-mail address. you may unsubscribe at any time.)

actual comments from readers: “i read the newsletter and love it. you do such an awesome job and there is always some interesting nugget of information i didn’t know before.... i just wanted to tell you how much i appreciate your newsletter. it is always a treat to read and explore through all the links.... i appreciate the hard work and thought you put into it. thanks for putting it together each month.” (thank you for subscribing!)

sign up for the knowledge house newsletter and get a set of free e-books!
see descriptions of the free e-books here.





this website has received praises from home educators, teachers, parents, and others from around the state and across the country. 

"your resource site is incredible! you have done such a wonderful job of compiling all the information needed for all of our homeschool families…thank you for your hard work and dedication to all of us who will benefit from this site." 

“i found your site while researching for art and architecture during the regency period. wow! i didn't know you existed. i am a teacher fed up with the current educational system and applaud your efforts in creating this site.” 

"i could probably spend the rest of my life exploring the wonderful places that the links on this site lead to. it is a homeschooling website, but don't let that stop you. anyone with kids will find lots to check out. i think teachers can find a lot here. and anyone who doesn't have kids, but who like me has more curiosity than a cat will love this site as well."





    




as seen in the old schoolhouse magazine!  5 stars on amazon!

read all about learning for life and order a signed copy here!



*book-of-the-month*

easy homeschooling series

this wonderful set of books by a veteran homeschool mom will provide refreshing encouragement and practical motivation for the new year!  

3 books for $30 - plus free shipping!



1. easy homeschooling techniques
2. easy homeschooling curriculum
3. easy homeschooling companion

click here for detailed book descriptions!

get all 3 books (valued at $57) for only $30!*
or purchase one or more individual titles - also on sale!

*and don't forget the free shipping!







home |
articles & reviews | 
not just for kids |
homeschool info |
grade levels 
arizona |
learning for life |
product catalog | 
link library | 
about us |
contact

these pages are a continuous work in progress.
copyright © 2000- by teri ann berg olsen 
all rights reserved.



 















 www  search this site

















