










home - sanger area chamber of commerce
























































 
 
















skip to content














































menu 
members member benefits member directory member to member deals member mapdirectoryabout us about us board of directors contact us info requestwhat’s new job postings hot deals news releasesevents chamber events community events weatherliving here dining shopping real estate lodging entertainmentsellabration








 







 





welcome!






sanger area chamber of commerce


























directory 
 
find a business

 













join 
 
apply online

 













events 
 
things to do

 












our mission






to enhance and strengthen our business community by promoting a thriving business environment and supporting all of the economic, commercial and educational welfare of the entire sanger area without prejudice. by maintaining a professional, working partnership, we are dedicated to serving as a catalyst in uniting the voices of our members and our community through encouraging leadership and continuity throughout the sanger area with a prosperous future in mind.

































2024 business of the year 
vintage variety & tea room

phone: (940) 302-4094
 
congratulations to vintage variety & tea room for being nominated and selected as the sanger area chamber of commerce’s business of the year 2024.

 
learn more

 























lunch & learn 
this lunch & learn will be a class for many business levels. those just starting out; needing a refresher; in a bind and needing direction; getting close to retirement; looking for guidance, etc. lunch will be provided and you will be able to mingle with other business owners before and after the presentation and have the chance to share ideas throughout!


register here


 


















business over breakfast 
this event provides a fantastic opportunity for local professionals to connect, share ideas, and build meaningful relationships over a delicious breakfast. whether you're a seasoned entrepreneur, a small business owner, or an aspiring professional, business over breakfast offers a casual and friendly environment to exchange insights, gain valuable contacts, and explore potential collaborations. don't miss out on this exciting occasion to kickstart your day with a productive networking session. remember to bring your business cards and a positive attitude. we look forward to seeing you at business over breakfast!


register here


 












sanger area chamber of commerce










upcoming events 


 
view all events

 





























                                person of the year - verna white                            














                                born2be equine therapeutic center - nonprofit organization of the year 2024                            














                                2024 partnership award - sanger bank                            














                                2024 partnership award - nortex communications                            














                                2024 partnership award - glenn polk chevrolet of sanger                            














                                2024 partnership award - coserv                            






next
previous

















let us celebrate your business with you and our community!









 












© 2025 sanger area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources









business card icon




member directory 










lock icon




member login 










facebook





twitter





linkedin











get in touch






sanger area chamber of commerce









address & map




300 bolivar streetsanger, tx 76266 










phone icon




940-458-7702 










envelope icon




chamber@sangertexas.com 


















 © 2025 sanger area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 




















