




boston catholic journal — critical catholic commentary in the twilight of 
reason

















 





 

home



			write us


about us




please follow us 
			on our new 






channel





traditional
			catholic



liturgical 
			calendar





what 
			is the 


mass?



 





learn our
			 basic catholic
			prayers






latin & 


english






 



the 

complete


roman
				martyrology




for each 
				day
				in english





listen to:



				the holy
				 rosary







in 


latin
				or

				english






index


of articles
			by
			title





the stations of the cross
... 
			which catholics
			no longer pray




listen to the


entire
			
			book of psalms






in 
latin







the problem
			of evil






exonerating
			god




the 
			imitation
of christ



an audio book
 




prayer to mary





for a 
			happy death
 

suggested 
		reading:




prayer to mary for a happy death — and a 
			mysterious painting



sacramentum exeuntium
the traditional last rites for a catholic



traditional catholic liturgical calendar



where do we go from here? when francis bans 
			the latin mass of the ages



is the novus ordo mass valid?



the queer and impulsive god of fiducia 
			supplicans 



synod on synodality part i: the looming schism



the argument against ecumenism



are we all children of god ... 
no matter what?



the increasingly queer face of ideology in 
			america



has the post conciliar church lost custody of 
			the faith?



the real 
			legacy of vatican ii



the papacy of francis and the patient that 
			lived



the greatest pope that should have been



the third rail and the kingdom of heaven



pope francis’s 10 step program to happiness 
			without god



revisiting the apostolic constitution
quo primum: the perpetual authority of the 
			latin mass



stop it! 
			applause has no place in holy mass



the three testaments 
			of the bible: old, new, and newer: the corruption of sacred 
			scripture following vatican ii



the loss of christ to 
			ecumenism



thrown under the bus 
			by bergoglio: the plight of 11 million faithful chinese catholics



“francis invites the whole church to question 
			itself ... on [far more than] synodality”



“at the name of jesus
			every knee should bend”



how to make a perfect and holy confession



a reflection on the 
			legacy of a steward: all 
			except the children




salus animarum


- what ever became of the notion of the 


“salvation 
			of souls”?



catholic prayers in latin only



the face of the church 60 years after vatican 
			ii



personal sanctity: all that is left in a world 
			without god



creating and maintaining a traditional 
			catholic home



the odor of sulfur ... not sanctity in the 
			sanctuary



the aftermath: when catholics forfeit their 
			faith 



why we have lost god



what is holiness? and what does god want for 
			me?



gender wars 
			and the loss of our humanity



the tortures and torments of the christian 
			martyrs
			(de ss. martyrum cruciatibus) 
			- revised and edited into contemporary english



three pious practices for every devout 
			catholic



god and human suffering



ghetto catholicism: our need for latin in the 
			mass



a hell of a situation





learn your faith through this free series of  
		video presentations by 
		dominican friars



st. thomas institute



		pope saint pius v


pray for holy mother 
		church, 
		for heresies abound





write us:


		editor@boston-catholic-journal.com

boston catholic journal


home

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










 


























														boston catholic journal















martyrology for today



					critical catholic commentary

in the twilight of reason



















mary, conceived without 
						sin, 
pray for us who have 
						recourse to thee




 

							 




 

no longer listening …
							why did it 
							take this long?
 

since 
							francis fell into manifest heresy 
							long ago, i no longer entertain anything that he 
							says with the least bit of interest — simply because 
							it has become, not merely stultifying and tiresome, 
							but routinely an affront to reason itself. i am no 
							longer listening … why did it take this long? i am 
							without excuse.

							emancipation

bergoglio’s inability 
							to present even his shallow theological novelties in 
							terms rationally compelling (were that even 
							possible) rather than relying on meaningless 
							emotional pathos, fatuous appeals to artificial 
							abstractions … and failing that, (and most often) on 
							brute and often uncouth force … no longer perplex 
							me, or trouble me. i have come to a point of blithe 
							discourtesy concerning bergoglio, because nothing 
							less will compel me to be absolutely blunt … and i 
							feel that i must be blunt to explain my 
							sudden emancipation from my remotest concern for 
							anything bergoglio has to say or could possibly say. 
							it is drivel. all of it.

i will come to the 
							point: jorge is a thug posing as a dilettante. age 
							is no excuse for the malice he has for catholics who 
							embrace a faith that he has long lost or never had. 
							in this sense, jorge is an imposter. whatever terms 
							you apply to him, none of them are good. he is 
							sanctimonious and utterly disingenuous: the persona 
							encountered by those unfortunate enough to be 
							subordinate to his presence behind closed doors in 
							sancta martha could not be farther from the unctuous 
							personality encountered by public — this is well 
							known — and because his agenda coincides with that 
							of the secular world, the media slavers and lavishes 
							him with praise. they know he is one of them. but he 
							is not one of us.
 
the 
							monster and momus ... or the monster momus?

francis, in a word, is 
							a monster. and as we all know from the movies, even 
							the greatest monsters die in the end. whether or 
							not, like many a monster, he perishes in the 
							ignem aeternum of st. matthew 18.8, is not, of 
							course, ours to know and in charity we must pray 
							against it. but given his contemptuous funeral 
							arrangements calculated to mock every pope before 
							him, perhaps jorge’s best cognomen would be “the 
							mocker” … of everything good, true, beautiful, and 
							holy. apart from the pagan gods he recognizes and 
							prays to, we must add the demigod momus, the mocker, 
							who has ever been a thorn in the heart of rome.
 

geoffrey k. mondello
				editor
				boston catholic journal



  
			

printable pdf version


						comments? write us:  
editor@boston-catholic-journal.com
						  


 

							 



					the most urgent question of our time

					 

“when the son of man 
					comes, will he find faith on earth?” 
					

					(st. luke 
					18.8)

					 

no more stunning, no more 
					frightening, and perhaps no more ominously portentous words 
					are spoken in all the gospels, in fact, in the entire new 
					testament — perhaps even in the entirety of sacred scripture 
					itself; words that have become increasingly fraught with 
					significance with every passing year of the most unfortunate 
					papacy of francis — a papacy not just  likely … but i 
					believe with certainty … will be understood not simply as 
					among the worst … but the worst … the most destructive to 
					the faith and to the church in the annals of 2000 years of 
					church history. 

					indeed, with every generation following that devastating 
					second vatican council — that scorched earth assault on 
					tradition and historical catholicism — the question 
					increasingly verges on an implied and obvious answer.

					indeed, we must wonder if the question that christ poses … 
					“when the son of man comes will he find faith on earth?” … 
					is, in fact, spoken of this generation, or of one soon — 
					very soon, to come. 
					 
					as with so many of christ’s teachings, this troubling 
					question is too often and too deftly explained away — 
					especially by the overwhelming number of the liberal 
					theologians and bishops who have proliferated and multiplied 
					since 1962 — which is to say, by “the 
					learned and the wise”. if we heed them, it would 
					appear that either christ does not know what he is 
					saying, or we do not know what he is saying — 
					although we all agree that he said something ... that
					sounds suspiciously clear. 
					 
					we must, however, pay careful attention to these twelve 
					words, …. perhaps more now than at any 
					other time in church history. 


“when the son of man comes will he find 
					faith on earth?”


					these are twelve words, however, to which we must pay 
					careful attention, perhaps more now than at any other time 
					in church history. 


					however reluctant we are to take christ at his word — which 
					becomes increasingly inconvenient to us — we must recognize 
					that jesus never spoke idly: his words, his teachings — and 
					yes, his commandments — were always uttered to one 
					explicit end: the salvation of souls — attaining to heaven 
					and everlasting happiness and to avoiding hell and eternal 
					misery. 

					 

					the jewish religious authorities — 
					“the learned” of his own time — had scornfully 
					dismissed christ’s warning that not so much as stone would 
					remain standing in the great temple 1 
					... the very temple within which, 70 years later, these 
					words were fulfilled when rome laid waste in days what took 
					46 years to build. 


					we tend to view such alarming statements made by jesus — and 
					there are many — with the same scorn and disdain today. 

					indeed ... what has become of the “faith of our fathers?” 


					a mere fifty years ago we ourselves would have instinctively 
					replied “of course he will find faith! there simply 
					must be some deeper, some obscure and less evident meaning 
					to this that we do not presently understand — and what he 
					appears to be saying, he is not really saying at all. 
					surely the “learned” of our own day can deftly explain the 
					answer to this troubling question. in the end, they will 
					conclude, jesus is really asking something entirely 
					different from what he appears to be asking and 
					that it has nothing to do with our very real defection from 
					the faith.”


					it is likely that many jews of jesus’ time — both the 
					learned and the unlearned — had replied in much the same 
					way. in fact, they did. 2


					in other words, to us, our faith, the faith of the catholic 
					church for two millennia, could no sooner disappear than ... 
					well, the stones of the great temple 2000 years ago!

					if, however, we take a careful inventory of our present and 
					undeniably dismal and increasingly scandalous situation in 
					the church — especially as it has unfolded in the last five 
					decades — jesus does not quite appear as ... “perplexing” 
					... as so many apparently make him to be. 

					candidly ask yourself the following:

					has the faith — the catholic faith — flourished in 
					the last 50 years, or has it withered?

					are vocations to the priesthood and religious life 
					growing or dwindling?

					are catholics having more children or are they having
					fewer children?

					are missionary efforts, to the end of (dare we say 
					it?) “conversion” as mandated by christ 
					2 encouraged as intrinsic to catholicism 
					— or are they discouraged as impolite, obtrusive, 
					culturally imperialistic and inherently inimical to the 
					“ecumenical spirit of vatican ii” — especially as 
					interpreted by pope francis for whom “proselytism is solemn 
					nonsense,” to use his own words, words that mock the 
					sacrifices of countless missionary saints through the 2000 
					years preceding vatican ii’s 
						“more 
					enlightened” understanding  of the
					
					great commission*? 

					rather, we find that “conversion” to christ and his church 
					is actively discouraged — that especially under pope 
					francis it is no longer understood as a holy and 
					inherently necessary endeavor — instead, it is 
					disdained, even dismissed, as “socially and culturally 
					incorrect” — indeed, we find that promoting our 
					catholic faith — as christ has commanded us to— has 
					been  forbidden by francis and his “progressive” 
					coterie of feckless and disaffected cardinals and bishops! 
					what pope, prior to vatican ii, could ever have envisioned 
					this?

					is our understanding of the catholic church, as an 
					absolutely unique institution indispensable to the ordinary 
					means of salvation, emphasized as urgently today (if it 
					is emphasized at all) as it was a hundred years ago? fifty 
					years ago? indeed, is the concept itself — of the 
					singularity and indispensability of the holy catholic church 
					— still deemed an actual dogma and a viable concept 
					at all?


					for all our insolence and equivocation, we know the answers, 
					and we are uncomfortable with them, for they fly in the face 
					of christ and all that he taught — to say nothing of sacred 
					scripture, holy tradition, and the sacred deposit of the 
					faith entrusted to the catholic church by god himself. 
					indeed, christ’s question takes on a greater sense of 
					urgency still, for the sheep are scattered and confused as 
					never before. the papacy of francis has been disastrous for 
					the church. why? precisely because he has taken vatican ii 
					to its logical conclusion: the irrelevance of the 
					church.


					ubi est pastor?


where is the shepherd? who is earnestly addressing 
					this spiritual malaise and religious decay due to the 
					indolence and dereliction of the vast majority of american 
					and european bishops who appear far more eager for secular 
					plaudits than the now quaint and discredited notion of “the 
					salvation of souls.” pope francis has effectively declared 
					this mandate defunct in favor of the rehabilitation of 
					bodies, societies, economies, and “the environment”. that 
					the passing material environment of man is infinitely 
					less important than the eternal abode of his soul, 
					often appears to elude francis. indeed, it appears to elude 
					most catholics whose mantra increasingly coincides with the 
					world’s: social activism! ... not interior 
					conversion away from this world ... and to christ.


					shame! shame on us! by our silence, our fear of being 
					disparaged by “other catholics” for the sake of christ, we 
					condone this travesty — are complicit in it ... even 
					promote it! 

					 

					what will motivate us to recognize, and to redress, 
					this frightful and ultimately deadly state of affairs? 


					there are, after all, other contenders in this world for the 
					souls of men ... seen and unseen! as our own wick smolders, 
					others blaze! the burning crescent of islam, poised like a 
					scimitar, and every bit as deadly, glows and grows in the 
					east, and with it, not an ethnic, but a religious
cleansing to which the world remains indifferent — an 
					expunging of every vestige of christianity in partibus 
					infidelium. and even islam has its secular 
					collaborators: the european union — once a continent raised 
					up from utter barbarism to a civilization formed and 
					ennobled by its catholic heritage — will no longer tolerate 
					the inclusion of its indissoluble christian heritage within 
					its constitution. not only does it thoroughly repudiate its 
					own christian cultural heritage — it prohibits it — 
					even banishes it! this is nothing less than 
					self-loathing. and perhaps it ought to be.


					surely, then, in our effort to remedy this impending state 
					of dissolution, we will first turn to our bishops, since 
					they are, preeminently, the “teachers and guardians of the 
					faith”. but more often than not — much more often than not — 
					in the well-appointed office at the end of the corridor we 
					do not find a shepherd of souls but a deeply sequestered, 
					occasionally avuncular, and predictably remote ... 
					“administrator.”


					relegating his prime responsibility as teacher and promoter 
					of the faith ... to others, in the form of lay committees 
					and subcommittees largely “chaired” by liberal catholics 
					more concerned with social issues than the salvation of 
					souls, are we confident that the patrimony of our faith will 
					somehow percolate through this strata of already 
					contaminated soil and reach our children authentically and 
					intact? is our fear mitigated ... or further exacerbated ... 
					by our bishops’ resolute lack of diligence in being 
					attentive to what catholic colleges and theologians in their 
					own dioceses are really teaching — and who are teaching the 
					teachers ... who, in turn, are teaching our children? 
					do you think that your bishop actually — that is to say, 
					cognitively — is aware of, or even concerned with — what the 
					teachers themselves are actually teaching? 


					not in this diocese. not in boston. in fact, cardinal sean 
					patrick o’malley had routinely feted, praised, and held up 
					as exemplary, the clueless “catechists” who churn out our 
					children to the sacrament of confirmation — with no clue 
					whatever of that in which they are being confirmed. by 
					comparison, even the dismal failure of our public schools in 
					boston must be deemed a stunning success.


					for most of us — especially in the archdiocese of boston, 
					but no less elsewhere — the answer is, as they say, a 
					“no-brainer:” it is a universally resounding no. most 
					of us find, to our growing dismay and deepening cynicism, 
					that our bishops appear to have “more important,” more ... 
					“pressing” things to do ... than to communicate the faith to 
					the faithful ... especially the children. 

					really, we beg the question: if no one teaches the teachers 
					— who, then, teaches the children? if they are not brought 
					the faith by those to whom it has been entrusted — the 
					bishops, the episcopacy — who will bring it to them?

					will they — how can they — acquire the faith ... if 
					no one brings it to them? saint paul is very clear about 
					this:


“how then shall they call on him, 
						in whom they have not believed? or how shall they 
						believe him, of whom they have not heard? and how shall 
						they hear, without a preacher? and how shall they preach 
						unless they be sent ...?” (romans 10.14-15)



					ask yourself candidly: do you know more ... or less ... of 
					your catholic faith than your children? very likely more — 
					although, in all honesty, it is probably little. you 
					politely assent to the now quaint catholic notion that 
					“parents are the primary teachers of their children,” but 
					knowing little of your own faith, you simply shell out 
					$175.00 per child and pan off this grave responsibility to 
					others of whom you know nothing, and who themselves largely 
					know nothing of the faith they presume to teach. you go 
					through the motions as careless of what your children are 
					taught in their 10 years of “religious education” as your 
					bishop is of what the teachers teach. 10 years later, and 
					$1500 poorer per child, you scratch your head and wonder why 
					johnny still does not know god, and why judy never goes to 
					mass — and yet we have agreed that you know more than your 
					children ...

					what, then, we must ask — with growing apprehension — will
					your children teach their children ...?


					what will they — who know even less than you — 
					teach those who know nothing?


total ignorance


					the momentum, as we see, is inexorable — until it culminates 
					in total ignorance: every generation knows less of their 
					faith than the generation preceding it. it is, in the end, 
					the devolution from doctrine to legend, from legend to 
					fiction, and from fiction to myth.

					that is not just a poor, but a stultifying and ultimately 
					deadly patrimony.

					this default — at every level — in transmitting the 
					authentic catholic faith intact ... leaves jesus’ 
					question very suddenly very real.


						“recently, a gallup poll was taken on catholic attitudes 
						toward holy communion. the poll showed serious confusion 
						among catholics about one of the most basic beliefs of 
						the church. only 30 percent of those surveyed believe 
						they are actually receiving the body and blood, soul and 
						divinity of the lord jesus christ under the appearance 
						of bread and wine.”  4




					the problem is more than mathematical; as we have seen, it 
					is exponential. 70% of catholics do not possess this most 
					fundamental, this most essential understanding of the core 
					article of genuine catholic doctrine: that
					“unless you eat of the flesh of the 
					son of man, and drink his blood, you have no life in you.” 
					heavy stuff! 

					it is not just a matter of the greatest concern, but nothing 
					less than a matter of the gravest dereliction that most 
					catholics do not realize — do not know — that the very 
					mass itself is an abbreviation of “the most holy 
					sacrifice of the mass”, and that it is really a sacrifice, 
					the actual re-enactment of calvary before their very eyes!

					this failure of understanding ... culminates in a failure in 
					faith. it possesses, in significant ways, the remorseless 
					characteristics of mathematical certainties. not 
					understanding, grasping — having never been taught — the 
					most elementary features of the faith, how can they be 
					understood to possess what they have not acquired, and how 
					can they transmit, pass on, what they do not possess? it is 
					inescapable.  

					prognostication, of course, is for fools. 


					but the words of christ are certainties that will come to 
					pass.


“weep not for me, but for your 
					children”, 5 christ 
					told the sorrowing women on the road to calvary.

					jesus’ question, then — “when the son 
					of man comes will he find faith on earth?”—  is 
					not a “rhetorical question” at all; it is a question fraught 
					with enormous significance ... the frightful answer 
					to which appears to be unfolding before our very eyes ... 
					but that is if you take christ at his word — and given 
					jesus’ track record on things yet to come, we would do well 
					and wisely to give pause for more than thought. 

					are you worried now ...? not nearly enough.

					and this is all the more frightening still.

 

geoffrey k. mondello
				editor
				boston catholic journal


						comments? write us:  
editor@boston-catholic-journal.com 

_____________________________________________


1 st. matthew 24.1


2 
				
				st. john 2.19 


				3 
				 st. matthew 28:19


4
 https://www.catholicculture.org/docs/doc_view.cfm?recnum=1340 
				 


5
st. luke 23.28

 *
							 “going 
							therefore, teach ye all nations; baptizing them in 
							the name of the father, and of the son, and of the 
							holy ghost. teaching them to observe all things 
							whatsoever i have commanded you: and behold i am 
							with you all days, even to the consummation of the 
							world.” 
							(st. matthew 28.19-20)
 

concerning 
							the graphic: 
“and 
							i saw, when he had opened the sixth seal, and behold 
							there was a great earthquake, and the sun became 
							black as sackcloth of hair: and the whole moon 
							became as blood: and the stars from heaven fell upon 
							the earth,” 
							(apocalypse 6.12-13) and 
							
“the 
							sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into 
							blood: before the great and dreadful day of the lord 
							doth come.” 
							(joel 2.31)



  
				
printable pdf version
 


 



on the imminent passing of the 
						catholic church

						from all memory

						(updated sunday october 6, 2024)


the 
						despotic and heretical reign of pope francis will end. 
						it was a papacy unlike any other, for we found in the 
						seat of peter the erstwhile unimaginable ... a heretic. 
						not a promoter of the faith, but a destroyer of the 
						faith.  a man whose gods were many and whose 
						scruples were few; who seized the house of the master 
						and pretended it was his own, throwing down the walls 
						that the martyrs built and bled upon; clearing the altar 
						for strange new gods. he was ever a grievous wound in the side of the church, and 
						like all healthy bodies, the body of christ, which is 
						the church, developed a hard and ugly response to it.
as a scab that has 
						been pulled off a wound, leaving it painful and bleeding 
						once again ... but beginning to heal ... the ill-starred 
						papacy of francis, once it has been peeled away from the 
						unblemished body, will begin to allow the healing so 
						desperately needed in a deeply infected body.
but it is almost 
						equally certain that the return to a state of health will be painfully long. the church will not 
						soon recover from the horrific damage inflicted upon it 
						by francis. the foreign pathogens and deadly toxins that 
						he inserted deeply into the body will not go away at 
						once, or, indeed, anytime soon. his death is not likely 
						to result in warring factions between cardinals and 
						bishops in a stark theological divide separating 
						traditional from progressive prelates; those faithful to 
						a church forged in a crucible of 2000 years of suffering 
						and sanctity … prior to vatican ii, and those who would 
						cast that crown of thorns and glory into the cesspool of 
						“modern man,” eager to make a new ecumenical god to 
						accommodate their new religion.
 


						continue reading
 

 







i have 
						a question for you ...






									“where do we go from here?”



when pope francis abolishes the latin 
						mass

						for the text version of this video, click
						
						here






									please visit us at our new
							
 
							channel






						comments? write us:  
editor@boston-catholic-journal.com

						 

 
 


the holy catholic faith

where is it and who is keeping 
						it?




has the
						post-conciliar church

						lost custody of the faith?
 

all indications are that is has.
the “dark 
						ages” — that disdainful term for the period in history following 
						the collapse of the roman empire in 476 a.d. until the 15th 
						century (a period correctly described as the middle 
						ages) is understood by the secular world to have 
						lasted roughly 1000 years, beginning in florence, italy.
within the
						post-conciliar catholic church, however, it appears 
						that the term extends well beyond the 15th century; 
						indeed, some 500 years beyond it! according to contemporary 
						catholic thought articulated within the past five papacies, 
						the “dark ages” really ended in 1965 at the conclusion 
						of the second vatican council. all the doctrines and teachings
						prior to that council were only imperfectly, deficiently, 
						and insufficiently articulated or defectively understood.
						

the 1000 
						years of darkness
only 
						the second vatican council finally attained to enlightenment 
						in the divine economy, and after 1,965 years of suspension, 
						it alone has provided the final, sufficient, and correct 
						understanding of god and church, man and nature. prior to 
						that, according to post-conciliar thought, catholics had 
						essentially lived in darkness, specifically the darkness 
						of the “pre-conciliar dark ages.” it may be said that where 
						the rational enlightenment “saved the world from religion,” 
						vatican ii saved the church from catholicism.
 


						continue reading






 











martyrology for today

semen est sanguis christianorum (the blood of christians 
					is the seed of the church) tertullian, apologeticum, 
					50


















 
						roman martyrology


monday, 
						february 17th 

																			in 
						the year of grace 2025


time after epiphany


this day, the seventeenth day of february


						at rome, the passion of st. faustinus, 
						whom forty-four others followed 
						to receive the crown of martyrdom. 

						in persia, during the persecution of decius, the birthday 
						of blessed polychronius, bishop 
						of babylon, who, being struck in the mouth with stones, 
						stretched out his hands, lifted up his eyes to heaven, and 
						expired. 

						at concordia, the holy martyrs donatus, 
						secundian, and romulus, with eighty-six others, partakers 
						of the same crown. 

						at caesarea, in palestine, st. theodulus, 
						an aged man, in the service of the governor firmilian. 
						moved by the example of the martyrs, he confessed christ 
						with constancy, was fastened to a cross, and thus by a noble 
						victory merited the palm of martyrdom. 

						in the same place, st. julian, 
						a cappadocian, who, because he had kissed the relics of 
						the martyrs, was denounced as a christian, and led to the 
						governor, who had him consumed with a slow fire. 

						in the territory of terouanne, st. 
						silvinus, bishop of toulouse.

						in ireland, st. fintan, priest and 
						confessor.

						at florence, blessed alexius falconieri, 
						confessor, one of the seven founders of the order 
						of the servites of the blessed virgin mary, who, in the 
						one hundred and tenth year of his age, terminated his blessed 
						career in the consoling presence of jesus christ and the 
						angels.
and elsewhere in divers places, many other holy martyrs, 
						confessors, and holy virgins.

						omnes sancti mártyres, oráte pro nobis. 
						(“all 
						ye holy martyrs, pray for us,” from the litaniae sanctorum, the litany 
						of the saints)
response: thanks be to god.

 























					roman martyrology by month







january 





february 





march





april





may




june






july




august




september



october




november




december




new: the roman 
						martyrology can now be downloaded entirely as either a
						
						pdf file or as a
						
						microsoft word file.




why the martyrs matter


each day we bring you a calendar, 
					a list really, of the holy martyrs who had suffered and died 
					for christ, for his bride the church, and for our holy catholic 
					faith; men and women for whom — and well they knew — their
					profession of faith would cost them their lives. 

					they could have repudiated all three (christ, church, and catholic 
					faith) and kept their lives for a short time longer (even the 
					lapsi * only postponed their death — and 
					at so great a cost!)

					what would motivate men, women, even children and entire families 
					to willingly undergo the most evil and painfully devised tortures; 
					to suffer death rather than denial?

					why did they not renounce their catholic faith when the first 
					flame licked at their feet, after the first eye was plucked 
					out, or after they were “baptized” in mockery by boiling water 
					or molten lead poured over their heads? why did they not flee 
					to offer incense to the pagan gods since such a ritual concession 
					would be merely perfunctory, having been done, after all, under 
					duress, exacted by the compulsion of the state? what is a little 
					burned incense and a few words uttered without conviction, compared 
					to your own life and the lives of those you love? surely god 
					knows that you are merely placating the state with empty gestures 
					…

					did they love their wives, husbands, children — their mothers, 
					fathers and friends less than we do? did they value their own 
					lives less? were they less sensitive to pain than we are? in 
					a word, what did they possess that we do not?

					nothing. they possessed what we ourselves are given in the sacrament 
					of confirmation — but cleaved to it in far greater measure than 
					we do: faith and faithfulness; fortitude and valor, uncompromising 
					belief in the invincible reality of god, of life eternal in 
					him for the faithful, of damnation everlasting apart from him 
					for the unfaithful; of the ephemerality of this passing world 
					and all within it, and lives lived in total accord with that 
					adamant belief.

we are the martyrs to come! what made them so will make us 
					so. what they suffered we will suffer. what they died for, we 
					will die for. if only we will! for most us, life will be 
					a bloodless martyrdom, a suffering for christ, for the sake 
					of christ, for the sake of the church in a thousand ways outside 
					the arena. the road to heaven is lined on both sides with crosses, 
					and upon the crosses people, people who suffered unknown to 
					the world, but known to god. catholics living in partibus 
					infidelium, under the scourge of islam. loveless marriages. 
					injustices on all sides. poverty. illness. old age. dependency. 
					they are the cruciform! those whose lives became crosses because 
					they would not flee god, the church, the call to, the 
					demand for, holiness in the most ordinary things of life made 
					extraordinary through the grace of god. the martyrology we celebrate 
					each day is just a vignette, a small, immeasurably small, sampling 
					of the martyrdom that has been the lives of countless men and 
					women whom christ and the angels know, but whom the world does 
					not know. 

“exemplum enim dedi vobis”, christ 
					said to his apostles: “i have given you an example.” and his 
					martyrs give one to us — and that is why the martyrs matter.


a martyr is one who suffers 
						tortures and a violent death for the sake of christ 
						and the catholic faith.



a confessor is one who 
						confesses christ publicly in times of persecution and who 
						suffers torture, or severe punishment by secular authorities 
						as a consequence. it is a title given only given 
						to those who suffered for the faith  —  
						but was not  killed for it  —   and 
						who had persevered in the faith until the end.
						



					geoffrey k. mondello
					editor 

editor@boston-catholic-journal.com

					boston catholic journal
note: we suggest that you explore 
					our newly edited and revised 
“de 
					ss. martyrum cruciatibus — the torments and tortures of the 
					christian martyrs” 
					for an in-depth historical account of the sufferings of the 
					martyrs.


* 
						those early christians who renounced their catholic faith 
						in times of persecution. when confronted with the prospect 
						of torture and death if they held fast to their faith in 
						christ, they denied him and their faith through an act of 
						sacrificing (often incense) to the pagan roman gods and 
						in so doing kept their lives and/or their freedom and property.
 
 







 




totally faithful to 
								the sacred deposit of faith entrusted 
								to the holy see in rome




“scio 
								opera tua ... quia modicum habes virtutem, et servasti 
								verbum meum, nec non negasti nomen meum” 
								

“i 
								know your works ... that you have but little power, 
								and yet you have kept my word, and have not denied 
								my name.”


								(apocalypse 3.8)
copyright © 2004 - 2025 boston catholic 
								journal. all rights reserved. unless otherwise stated, 
								permission is granted by the boston catholic journal 
								for the copying and distribution of the articles 
								and audio files under the following conditions:  
								no additions, deletions, or changes are to be made 
								to the text or audio files in any way, and the copies 
								may not be sold for a profit. in the reproduction, 
								in any format of any image, graphic, text, or audio 
								file, attribution must be given to the boston catholic 
								journal.

















 



the face






and the 
				culmination
				of vatican ii
 










basic



				traditional catholic


				audio






in 
latin &

				english





				audio books,


devotions, and
				prayers:


listen 
				to them
				or download them 
				completely free






a 

primer 
					for





					catholic
					

					symbolism




some
					
questions 
					and


					answers








					authentic
					

					catholic


					teaching




baltimore


catechism



online







discover what 
				the church





has taught for 




2000 years 


before 
				vatican ii



newly formatted




with 

hyperlinks

				for improved readability


read online
				or



				download the pdf





the
				little
				office





				of the 


				blessed
				

				virgin
				

				mary








new edition (free)






novena 
				to 
				st jude







				printable booklet
				on 1 sheet
				of paper, 4-fold, free








archbishop carlo
					maria viganò



defending the immutable 
					tradition of the catholic faith








					reliable and solidly
					catholic news





congregation of mary immaculate 
						queen (cmri)






congregatio mariae reginae 
						immaculatae


a traditional catholic religious 
						congregation



pope 
				saint pius x

pray for us


“i shall 
				spare myself neither 
				care nor labor nor vigils for 
				the salvation of souls”


home

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






 


 



