


the official walter koenig website













dvd's of all  the original
star trek
      episodes are now availible










 



this site is

  the only officially authorized and guaranteed autograph collectibles website,
  personally endorsed by walter koenig.





e-mail

        mailing contact: 2109 s. wilbur ave. walla walla, wa 99362
        phone: 509-525-4387 / fax: 509-525-0393        
   
        
        
 please also visit:
walterkoenigsite.com 
&


      

     walterstarfund.com   






     from "girls of summer" to "the
                boys in autumn" walter koenig's stage career
                spans thirty years and includes stops in new york
                with "a midsummer night's
                dream"(quince) and "six characters in
                search of an author"(oldest son). in chicago
                he guested in "make a million" (johnny)
                opposite jackie coogan and on the road - from
                arizona to philadelphia - mark lenard (sarek:
                spock's father) and he performed in the short
                plays "box and cox" (box) and
                "actors" (dave). by himself, koenig
                also starred as "larry the liquidator"
                in "other people's money" in reno,
                nevada.
                his los angeles productions include
                "steambath" (god), "the white
                house murder case" (capt. weems),
                "night must fall (danny), "la ronde
                (gentlemen), "the typist and the tiger"
                (paul), and "the deputy" (jacobson)
                among almost two dozen others (blood wedding, the
                collection, et al.)
                     directorial credits include "hotel
                parsadiso" for company of angels,
                "becket" for theatre 40, "america
                hurrah!" at oxford theater, "twelve
                angry men" at the rita hayworth theatre,
                "matrix" at the gascon theatre
                institute and "three by ten" at actor's
                alley
                      walter has performed in the television movies
                "anthony and cleopatra" (pompey)
                opposite timothy dalton and lynn redgrave as well
                as the mow's "goodbye raggedy anne" and
                "the questor tapes". he has also
                appeared on dozens of other television series and
                as the character, chekov in the "star
                trek" tv programs.
                      mr. koenig recreated the character of the russian
                navigator in the first seven star trek films and
                in1988 took the leading role in the video
                feature, "moontrap".
                      walter has written for the television series
                "family, powers of mathew starr",
                "class of '65", "land of the
                lost" and the "star trek" animated
                show.
                this actor-writer has seen publication with the
                non-fiction "chekov's enterprise" and
                the satiric fantasy novel "buck alice and
                the actor-robot". he also created the three
                issues of the comic book story "raver"
                published by malibu comics.
                     walter koenig has taught classes in acting and
                directing privately and at ucla, the sherwood
                oaks experimental film college and at the
                california school of professional psychology.
                most recently he has been an instructor at the
                actors' alley repertory company in los angeles.
                      over a period of five years mark lenard and
                walter toured in the two character play,
                "the boys in autumn", the comedy-drama
                about the reunion of tom sawyer and huck finn
                forty years later.
                      koenig has had the recurring role of the
                quintessential bad guy, "bester" on the
                television series "babylon 5. he has been
                the "special guest star" in twelve
                episodes and at the end of the third season the
                production company applied for an emmy nomination
                on his behalf.
                      in an interactive state-of-the-art video game
                from digital pictures called "maximum
                surge" walter koenig stars as
                "drexel", another bad guy.
                walter has also completed work in the low budget
                feature film "drawing down the moon"
                from chaos prods, and has star billing as a
                german psychologist in the martial arts picture,
                "fist of justice."
                      a one character piece that mr. koenig wrote and
                performed entitled "you're never alone when
                you're a shizophrenic" was a finalist in the
                1996 new york film festival awards.
                      koenig filmed a guest appearance as himself on
                the cbs situation comedy "almost
                perfect", did sketch comedy on the comedy
                central series "viva variety", and
                performed on an espn sports commercial that aired
                in 1998.
                      the viacom cd rom "starfleet academy"
                in which walter reprised the character of chekov
                continues to sell impressively.
                      most recently, walter hosted a cultmovie marathon
                for comedy central. 
                      walter konieg"s autobiography, "warped
                factors - a neurotic's guide to the universe was
                released through taylor publishing on april 1998.
                      most recently, mr koenig performed as the
                "shadow guy" in an episode of
                "diagnosis murder' and went to new york to
                perform in a new radio broadcast version of
                "war of the worlds" in tribute to both
                h.g. welles and orson welles.

















warped factors "a neurotic's guide to the
                universe"

         "beneath the tinsel of hollywood",
                oscar levant once said, "is the real
                tinsel."
                
        beneath that lies a cornucopia of absurd behavior
                and bizarre experiences that rival the most
                creative silver screen fiction. as a young
                transplant from new york in the 1950's and '60s
                walter koenig quickly came to know hollywood as a
                place of energy and opportunity where life's c
                uncertainties loomed large. launching an acting
                career in this unpredictable cultural cauldron,
                he wound his way through various misadventures
                befor finding he had attained a degree of success
                that surprised even him.
        this is koenig's story - from growing up as the
                neurotic child of russian immigrants in 1940s
                manhattan through his rise to star trek fame as
                pavel chekov, russian navigator of the u.s.s.
                enterprise, and beyond. not a typical hollywood
                memoir, warped factors is anything but aloof.
                koenig's very human narrative is full of the kind
                of insecurities and quirks anyone can relate to.
                with wry wit, striking candor, and a true gift
                for storytelling, koenig takes us on a sometimes
                bumpy but hilarious trip through his galaxy.


       -pitching a story to an nbc producer who is in
                the midst of an out-of-body experience
       -having a loaded gun placed in his ear by a
                jealous manager
                
       -performing a controversial play that was
                interrupted by someone believed to be a member of
                the american nazi party dressed in the uniform of
                a chicken delight delivery boy.
       -being mistaken for a bellhop during a public
                appearance in his star trek uniform.
       -decling a star trek convention attendee's
                invitation to help sacrifice a chicken in her
                hotel room.
       -of course, this amusing memoir also takes us
                behind the scenes of star trek, with fresh
                perspectives not only on the cast members
                themselves but also on the development and
                evolution of the megalithic sci-fi legend. in
                fact, koenig includes a number of the script
                ideas he himself pitched over the years,
                including a proposed outline for "star trek
                vi" (one that saw the deaths of several main
                crew members including kirk) and several for
                "the next generation" series. also
                included are koenig's notes to producer harve
                bennett on "star trek ii:the wrath of
                khan", as well as his commentary on several
                other projects.

      finally, koenig offers candid reflections not
                only on the star trek years but on his life and
                career since. most notable are his well-received
                stints on stage and his current role as the
                insidious alfred bester on television's
                "babylon 5" enjoying both critical and
                popular success, koenig has once again confirmed
                his enduring position in science fiction's acting
                pantheon.






upcoming events

,




                films (link to imdb)
filmography


                babylon 5 "cat and mouse" (1998) alfred
                bester - tv
                babylon 5 "rising star" (1997) alfred
                bester - tv
                drawing down the moon (1997)joe merchant - film
                star trek:starfleet academy (1997) pavel chekov -
                cd
                viva variety (1997) himself - tv
                babylon 5 "the face of the
                enemy"(1997)alfred bester-tv
                babylon 5 "moments of
                transition"(1997)alfred bester-tv
                babylon 5 "epiphanies"(1997) alfred
                bester - tv
                star trek:generations
                cd rom  (1997)
                
                space cadets (1997) himself - tv
                blonde justice (1996) - film
                maximum surge (1996) drexel - cd rom
                almost perfect (1996) himself - tv
                babylon 5 "ship of tears" (1996) alfred
                bester- tv
                babylon 5 "dust to dust" (1996) alfred
                bester - tv
                babylon 5 "a race through dark places"
                alfred bester
                babylon 5 "mind war" (1996) alfred
                bester - tv
                star trek:generations (1994) pavel chekov - film
                star trek vi: the undiscovered country (1991)
                pavel chekov - film
                the real ghostbusters (1990) vladimir maximov -
                tv
                star trekv: the final frontier (1989) pavel
                chekov - film
                moontrap (1989) jason grant - film
                star trek iv: the voyage home (1986) - pavel
                chekov 
                star trek iii: the search for spock (1984) -
                pavel chekov
                antony and cleopatra (1983) pompey - tv
                star trek: the wrath of khan (1982) pavel chekov
                - film
                bring them back alive (1982) toder - tv
                star trek: the motion picture (1979) pavel chekov
                - film
                columbo "fade in to murder" (1976) sgt
                johnson - tv
                the men from shiloh "crooked corner"
                (1974) - tv
                deadly honeymoon (1973) deputy sheriff - film
                the starlost (1973) oro - tv
                the questor tapes (1973) administer assistant -
                tv
                ironside (1972) "the summer soldier"
                leo - tv
                goodbye, raggedy ann (1971) jerry - tv movie
                medical center (1969) "between dark and
                daylight" harry seller - tv
                star trek (1968 and 1969 series regular) pavel
                chekov - tv
                mannix (1967) - tv
                jericho (1966) "both ends against the
                riddle" paul - tv
                i spy (1965) "sparrowhawk" bobby
                seville - tv
                gidget (1965) "foreign policy" gunman -
                tv
                mr. novak (1965) "the firebrand" paul
                ryder - tv
                ben casey (1965)"a rambling discourse on
                egyptian water clocks" tom davis-tv
                mr. novak (1964) "with a hammer in his hand,
                lord, lord" jim carsey - tv
                alfred hitchcock presents "memo from
                purgatory"(1964) tiger - tv
                the lieutenant "mother enemy" (1963) -
                tv
                mr. novak "the boy without a country"
                (1963) - alexsei - tv
                the untouchables (1962) - tv
                great adventure - tv
                combat! "the prisoner" (1962) - sentry
                - tv
                the norman vincent peale story (1962) - film
                strange loves (1961) robert - film
                general hospital (1961, pilot episode) - tv
                day in court (1960-1963) various characters - tv







autographed photos - 
        orders - 
        gallery - 
        time machine - 
        links












