














            yellow pages fiji - largest business directory in fiji
        





















menu


add a business

categories 

rental cars
motor replacement parts
building contractors
restaurants
resorts
engineers general
electrical contractors
hotels
barrister solicitors
safety equipment accessories


white pages







menu


directories
add a business

popular categories 


white pages
 login/register 

















directories

add a business


categories  






white pages
 login/register 








search

 








login
×





 information added successfully


 still errors exist


username *



password *







  remember password 

submit  

forgot password ?
register
 











forgot password
×





a link has been sent to your email successfully


 still errors exist


email address *


submit  

login
register
 










register
×





 information added successfully


 still errors exist




email address *


 


first name *



 



last name *


 


middle name *



 



username


 


password *



 
submit  

login
 













 search. find. connect!

                connect with businesses in fiji by phone, address, website, email,
                maps, rating, review and much more...
            
 


 













 
 








accountants & auditors

 



advertising agencies

 



air conditioning eqpt &-or parts

 



barristers &-or solicitors

 



building contractors

 



building supplies

 



business agents &-or consultants

 



civil engineers

 



clubs

 



computer equipment - installation & networking

 



electrical accessories

 



electrical contractors

 



engineers - general

 



filters

 



fuel injection eqpt &-or services

 



government ministries &/or department

 



hardware - retail

 



health care services

 



hotels

 



hydraulic equipment & supplies

 



information technology

 



lawyers

 



machinery - general

 



media education & media monitoring services

 



medical practitioners

 



motor body builders &-or repairers

 



motor cars & trucks - new

 



motor cars & trucks - used

 



motor replacement parts

 



photographers - commercial & industrial

 



power producers

 



real estate agents

 



rental cars

 



resorts

 



restaurants

 



safety equipment & accessories

 



steel merchants

 



telecommunication services

 



video - film production

 



windscreens & repairs

 
 







featured businesses 









            in the era of information explosion, yellow pages fiji enables businesses and people in publishing the most comprehensive and reliable information in the form
            of phone numbers, addresses, websites, emails and much more, with over 800 plus business classification headers and more than 11,000 business listings.
            fiji directories pte ltd, also known as yellow pages fiji is managed by a mission-driven team of vibrant and passionate people who offer
            quality advertisements, maps, ratings and reviews to customers. yellow pages online is a platform which facilitates businesses,
            government, ngos and professionals to promote all type of services and products. yellow pages fiji is a directory for listing local businesses and international companies which deals in
            machinery, telecommunications, advertising, retail, healthcare services, and much more. you will get locations, names, maps, websites and other details to connect with the best
            dentist of fiji, doctors and medical practitioners from oncologists to pediatricians, cardiologists to neurologists, dermatologists to surgeons,
            who are professional and passionate about their patients care and comfort. yellow pages fiji and fiji directories pte ltd provide easy access to the best
            lawyers, brokers, advertising agencies, banking and financial services in fiji at the most affordable rates.
            one may contact it companies in fiji
            through yellow pages fiji for web designing and development, computer hardware or software, data communications and digital marketing.
            you may be living in any part of fiji and need information on rental cars,
            machinery work, mechanics, repairs, hardware, plumbers, building contractors, real estate then yellow pages fiji is the best platform for you.
            fiji directories pte ltd or yellow pages fiji is the most easy and .....
                economical way to know about the complete information of all government ministries & department,
                their charter of duties, responsibilities and concerned offices all across fiji. you will get comprehensive information about
                agriculture - ministry of, industry, trade & tourism, economy, education department, civil services, defence & national security,
                health, immigration department, prime minister’s office and many others.
                at yellow pages fiji you will find the best beach hotels, island hotels, 4 star and 5 star hotels,
                cheap hotels in fiji, 5 and 6 star resorts,
                fiji top vacation resorts, spa, beach resorts, island resorts,
                night clubs, bowling clubs and sports clubs which offers an exotic and
                memorable dining, wining and clubbing environment. for family vacations, honeymoon, business trips, or simply to relax one has just to scroll down
                the list of hotels, clubs in fiji and restaurants at
                yellow pages fiji for a romantic and vibrant ambience with international style facilities and best deals on mexican, italian, greek, lebanese, indian, southeast asian,
                chinese and many other traditional and trendy cuisines. yellow pages fiji is the most reliable and authenticated source of information in fiji which connects businesses,
                service providers and buyers. fiji directories pte ltd assists and guides you to reach the right source and assures that you get the best deals.
            read more






advertise with us
secure your place in fiji’s leading online business directory. contact us at +679 3311000







stay informed
get the latest news and updates from us! receive our newsletters in your mailbox.













yellowpages 
on the go




business 
on your fingertip

download our mobile application to search for any business on the go! 


  






 
www.yellowpages.com.fj













what will you discover today?



online



mobile



print

yellowpages.com.fj
 


follow us










useful links


help
about us
feedback
get listed online
yellow pages worldwide







quick links


add your business
advertise with us
white pages
products and services







contact us


 + 679 331 1000
 info@yellowpages.com.fj



newsletter


 submit





 



copyright © 2025. yellow pages. all rights reserved.



privacy policy
terms of use
promotions


 











