




hearing aids and solutions | phonak


































































skip to main content

















        choose another country or region to see content specific to your location.
    










            continue
        








find a provider today and experience phonak infinio!




























                                close
                            







                                online hearing test
                            




                professional login
                





professional login-order online!
 order products online to receive enhanced service and support instantly. easily share evidence and literature with your









elearning login
 experience premium learning with phonak learning. explore cutting-edge audiological insights and discover the benefits 











find a provider



















                                            hearing solutions
                                        
























			your hearing journey starts here
		





							online hearing test
						







							cost & coverage
						







							find a provider
						







							hearing aids for veterans
						










			hearing devices and solutions
		





							view all hearing aids 
						







							audéo r infinio
						







							audéo sphere™ infinio
						







							virto infinio
						







							cros infinio
						







							naída lumity
						







							sky lumity
						







							lumity hearing aids
						







							lyric
						










			hearing accessories
		





							view all hearing aid accessories
						







							tv connector for hearing aids
						







							phonak partnermic
						







							phonak remotecontrol
						







							hearing aid batteries and chargers
						







							serenity choice earplugs
						







							cleansing portfolio
						










			roger wireless microphones
		





							view all roger devices
						







							roger on
						







							roger select
						







							roger upgrader
						







							roger table mic ii
						







							roger focus ii
						







							roger for education
						










			hearing aid apps
		





							view all hearing aid apps
						







							myphonak
						







							myphonak junior
						







							myroger mic
						
























compare hearing aids

















                                            support
                                        
























			support 
		





							support home
						







							phone compatibility checker
						







							contact us -wearers/patients
						










			how to videos
		





							video overview
						







							bluetooth setup
						







							hearing aid maintenance
						







							phonak apps
						







							roger wireless microphones 
						







							hearing aid accessories
						










			trending topics
		





							all trending topics
						







							bluetooth streaming & connectivity
						







							pairing and connecting to apps
						







							hearing aids
						







							roger wireless microphones
						







							tv connector
						







							charging issues
						










			user guides
		





							view all user guides
						







							infinio platform
						







							lumity platform
						







							paradise platform
						







							marvel platform
						







							lyric
						







							phonak apps
						







							hearing aid accessories
						







							roger wireless microphones
						




























knowledge base











                                            well-hearing is well-being
                                        
























			well-hearing is well-being
		





							well-hearing overview
						







							why hearing health matters
						










			life with hearing loss
		





							overview
						







							life with hearing aids
						







							your audiologist & you
						







							success at work & school
						







							hearing loss & tinnitus
						










			help your loved ones
		





							overview
						







							become an ally
						







							children with hearing loss
						







							encourage treatment
						










			hearing stories
		





							overview
						







							featured stories
						







							hearing solutions stories
						







							family & friends stories
						







							kids & teens stories
						







							phonak hearing aid ambassadors
						



















hearing stories blog











                                            for professionals
                                        


























			for professionals
		





							become a hearing care partner
						







							artificial intelligence in audiology
						







							business development
						







							hearing screener
						







							insurance and healthcare
						







							contact us - professionals
						










			phonak store
		





							order online
						







							phonak store information & tutorials
						










			audiology hub
		





							overview
						







							evidence library
						







							eaudiology tools
						







							pediatric tools
						







							family-centered care tools
						







							phonak experts
						







							events and trainings
						










			latest innovations
		





							overview
						







							new at phonak
						







							phonak target
						







							phoneme perception test
						










			downloads and resources
		





							form downloads
						







							datasheets & brochures
						







							images and logos
						





















phonak store



audiology blog































close

































            hearing aids
          








            support
          








            professional sign in
          








            become a partner
          









                    
                    revolutionary hearing aids


phonak infinio




















        experience the most revolutionary hearing aids we’ve ever created
    
designed to help you embrace life’s meaningful moments with joy and confidence, thanks to technology that pushes the limits of hearing care like never before. 



























































phonak infinio - unlock a world of possibilities





experience exceptional sound quality and comfort from the very first moment with phonak infinio. whether you’re chatting in a noise café or watching tv at home, infinio adapts seamlessly and automatically, leaving you free to focus on life’s precious moments. hear your world with ease and live every moment with peace of mind. when you seamlessly connect to bluetooth® devices using our industry-leading universal connectivity, audéo infinio does more than just provide exceptional sound quality. it unlocks a world of possibilities.




exceptional sound quality: fully automated to sense your surroundings and adjusts your hearing aids every step of the way.seamless connectivity: connect directly to more bluetooth® devices than any other hearing aids in the world.swiss-engineered: feel confident your device has been tested to withstand all situations, allowing you to embrace real life.meticulously crafted: a personalized fit for maximum comfort and performance.




 infinio is available in a variety of colors and styles.




explore infinio hearing aids






 



































unprecedented speech clarity from any direction in background noise
introducing phonak audéo sphere™ infinio. going above and beyond any existing hearing aid technology, it is powered by not one, but two chips: era™, a proprietary ultra-responsive chip, and deepsonic ™, the world’s first dedicated ai chip for sound processing inside a hearing aid. it’s 53 times more powerful than current industry chip technology, enabling a deep neural network with 4.5 million neural connections to instantly separate speech from noise from any direction. thanks to the ai chip, the new spheric speech clarity feature unlocks a level of clean and clear speech far beyond any existing technology, so you can focus on what’s important.





with spheric speech clarity you can benefit from:




instant speech separation from noise all around - with an unprecedented 10db snr improvement.1​
an expanded access to speech from any direction1, allowing you to excel in noisy environments with multiple speakers talking at the same time. ​
navigating even noisier environments without an increase in listening effort.2​
increased speech understanding in complex listening environments by up to 36,7%, compared to two leading competitor devices.3  





experience audéo sphere infinio






 






        experience the power of ai
    
step into the world of phonak: powered by artificial intelligence (ai). a world of clean and clear speech far beyond any existing technology. take on new adventures that inspire you to live without boundaries. experience the limitless future.
hear the difference for yourself by turning off or on the ai noise feature.


























every word matters.  spheric speech clarity doubles your chances of hearing and understanding each one1 




explore audéo sphere infinio 








        why phonak
    
at phonak, we believe in creating a world where 'life is on' for everyone. our infinio range of hearing aids is designed with this philosophy at heart.  our market-leading connectivity allows you to seamlessly connect with your devices and stay connected to your digital world.
 
we understand that everyone's hearing needs are unique, which is why our newest infinio comes with a range of options, so there is a solution that fits your needs. with phonak, you're not just choosing a hearing aid, you're choosing a partner in your journey to better hearing.













meet the infinio platform


















new

audéo r infinio


for mild to profound hearing loss
universal connectivity
rechargeable




















new
audéo sphere infinio

for mild to profound hearing loss
spheric speech clarity
autosenseos™ 6.0






















new

cros infinio


for unilateral hearing
universal connectivity
autosenseos™ 6.0












        hearing loss & cognition
    
new evidence shows that hearing care and the use of hearing aids could mitigate the risk of cognitive decline.
we empower hearing care professionals to foster cognitive well-being in patients.


explore the resources











































unlock more for infinio with roger
phonak is all about enhancing connections and making communication effortless. that's why we've integrated rogerdirect into every wireless phonak infinio device. your clients can easily stream speech from a roger wireless microphone directly to their hearing aids. roger now also includes unlimited digital receivers in all roger microphones, enabling:


            effortless connection to phonak hearing aids, reducing setup time and making the user experience smoother
            
          

            improved comfort in handling roger trials and demos
            
          

            a smooth experience of roger installations where uninstallation is no longer needed
            
          

            more meaningful connection to enhance the quality of conversations
            
          






explore roger technology






 





better hearing happens together






connect with a hearing care professional


find a provider







online hearing test






well-hearing is well-being 





support 





find a provider









are you a hearing care professional?


become a partner







guides and insights






latest innovations






business development






user guide: resetting hearing devices






become a partner
















solutions that challenge what’s possible




we strive to develop a diverse range of advanced hearing solutions that push technological boundaries and empower individuals with various hearing needs to enjoy life fully. 




our hearing solutions
















hearing aids

phonak’s broad variety of hearing aids is designed to meet every person’s specific needs and lifestyle. 





view all hearing aids





















roger™ wireless microphones

the roger portfolio allows people of all ages with hearing loss to fully participate in school, work, and in their social life, even in noise or challenging listening situations.





view all roger devices























apps

phonak’s free, easy-to-use smartphone apps feature an enhanced user experience so you can get the most out of your phonak devices when you connect them to the app.





view all apps























serenity choice™ earplugs

serenity choice earplugs are high-end hearing protection solutions designed to reduce noise and loud sounds while allowing the ear to breathe and keeping relevant sound and speech.





view serenity choice earplugs


























hearing stories blog

on the phonak hearing stories blog, we bring together people from all around the world to share inspirational stories, news, and helpful tips for the hearing loss community, friends, and family. together, we can learn to live with hearing loss more successfully and advocate in a more meaningful way.





hearing stories blog




















audiology blog

the audiology blog is where hearing care professionals can get useful guidance, resources, technology, and product news to stand out in the industry. today, more than 100 experts from phonak and across the hearing industry have contributed articles–sharing their insights, opinions, and stories with us, so we all can deliver the best service to our patients.





audiology blog








footnotes
*according to sii (ansi s3.5, 1997)
1 raufer, s., kohlhauer, p., jehle, f., kühnel, v., preuss, m., hobi, s. (2024). spheric speech clarity proven to outperform three key competitors for clear speech in noise. phonak field study news retrieved from https://www.phonak.com/evidence​
2 compared to without, for moderate to moderately-severe hearing losses​
wright, a., kuehnel, v., keller, m., seitz-paquette, k., latzel, m. (2024) “spheric speech clarity applies dnn signal processing to significantly improve speech understanding from any direction and reduce the listening effort ." phonak field study news retrieved from https://www.phonak.com/evidence​
3 for adults with moderate to moderately-severe hearing losses​
wright,a., kuehnel, v., keller, m., seitz-paquette, k., latzel, m. (2024). “spheric speech clarity applies dnn signal processing to significantly improve speech understanding from any direction and reduce the listening effort ." phonak field study news retrieved from​
https://www.phonak.com/evidence​
ios is a registered trademark or trademark of cisco systems, inc. and/or its affiliates in the united states and certain other countries.
android is a trademark of google llc.
the bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by bluetooth sig, inc. and any use of such marks by sonova is under license.



















contact us




global locations








about




newsroom




careers




sonova group




hear the world









                facebook
            




                instagram
            




                linkedin
            




                youtube
            





















terms of use


terms & conditions


repairs terms & conditions


privacy policy


cookie policy notice


certificates


prescription hearing aids


internet sales policy


vulnerability disclosure





phonak – a sonova brand






















