
























bvs solitaire collection - unique solitaire card games





























































home
buy now


buy online
more options



download
features


what's new
list of features
list of games
screenshots
card sets
plus pack
editorial reviews
game rules index
top scores



support


lost registration key
change of address
technical support
newsletter
affiliates
contact info



contact us








bvs solitaire collection
if you are looking for unique solitaire game variations, you have come to the right place.
bvs solitaire collection 9.0.0.2 for windows 11, 10, 8, 7, and xp is a high-class collection of 570 games.



×







click to see more screenshots

enjoy all your favorite variations of solitaire like spider, freecell, tri-peaks, seahaven towers, pyramid,  scorpion, forty thieves, klondike,  accordion, canfield, russian solitaire, flower garden, casket, golf, crazy quilt, yukon... learn unique and fun games not found anywhere else, such as braid, cat's tail, topsy-turvy queens, twelve sleeping maids etc.
plus, you can modify rules of any game, thus easily creating your own unique solitaire variations.

bvs solitaire collection features: 

570 solitaire card games!
user customizable rules.
large and easy to read playing cards.
lots of excellent high quality backgrounds and card backs.
"show next move" command.
multi-level undo/redo.
support for both drag-and-drop and point-and-click card movement.
play solitaire completely offline, with no internet connection.
and more... check out the full list of features.




you can completely customize the game's appearance to suit your own taste. choose from the wide range of card sets, card backs and backgrounds. create your own backgrounds and card backs from images you have on your computer. modify the toolbar to better meet your needs or preferences. drag it around and dock it wherever you want.

i play bvs solitaire collection for hours and never tire. i think it is the best game software suite i have ever purchased. i love the way you keep adding to it. thank you for a very special program.  read more reviews... – jacqueline folwell - usa

bvs solitaire collection provides you with a full set of statistics to measure your performance and track your progress in mastering solitaire card games. looking for competition? publish your results online and compete with other players from all over the world.
if you get tired of klondike and would like to learn different kinds of games, download this ultimate solitaire collection. even if you've played a lot of solitaire card games, these games will definitely be new to you. they will keep you engaged and busy for a long time.
join the millions of solitaire lovers worldwide who have made bvs solitaire collection their go-to source for endless solitaire fun. try it out today and discover your new favorite solitaire game!

 



  buy  

only $19.95 usd


buy bvs solitaire collection now using secure order form. you will receive your registration code immediately. you will also get plus pack with lots of excellent additional card sets, card backs & backgrounds. includes 3 years of free upgrades.










buy now!

only $19.95 usd


download now!

bvs solitaire collectionfor windows pc,free 30-day trial, 16.9mb


other platforms
bvs solitaire collectionfor mac os x

bvs solitaire collectionfor ipad and iphone 



plus pack
get additional card sets, card backs and backgrounds








reviews & awards
reviewsour awards
customer reviews









language
englishdeutsch
français
italiano










 
privacy policy | terms of use
 

copyright © 1996 - 2025 bvs development corporation. all rights reserved.bvs development corporation, 9962 brook rd, #141, glen allen, va 23059-6501, usa



 







