




  






home - mount dora area chamber of commerce, fl





























 ; 


 

























 





















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events











































sales achievement luncheon






























member login









contact us









join




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events











































sales achievement luncheon






























member login









contact us









join














home
business directory

visiting here

visitor map - your virtual guide to downtown & uptown mount dora
welcome
visitors guide page
hot deals



living here

local resources information
job postings
mount dora history
hot deals
partner news



about the chamber

who we are
why join the chamber
join now
historic train depot
chamber professional affiliations
business resources
partner 2 partner discounts



events

chamber event calendar
community event calendar
major events & festivals
chamber annual events
buy tickets here







































                                                    visitors guide
                                                

                                                    stroll around mount dora and discover why it’s “someplace special” - boutique shops, tours, art galleries, restaurants and many other points of interest.
                                                

learn more











                                                    partnership benefits
                                                

                                                    get connected, grow your success, and help to strengthen our community!
                                                

learn more











                                                    directory
                                                

                                                    search through our chamber partnership network
                                                

view directory

























welcome to the mount dora area chamber of commerce
the mission of the mount dora area chamber of commerce is to
"promote, support & empower member success".
 












directory







jobs







events







weather



























view all events »































upcoming community events



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.






































learn more

















visitors guide, tours & tickets



mount dora offers a unique downtown overlooking lake dora where you can take a leisurely stroll among the charming boutique shops, restaurants, and art galleries, or perhaps take a sea plane/boat/walking tour for an enhanced experience.
read more »














community events



known as “festival city”, the city of mount dora and the surrounding areas provide numerous events & festivals throughout the year which are focused on families, community, arts & crafts, food, music, antiques, and other activities.
read more »














chamber partner benefits



investing in your business success is also an investment in mount dora.  the stronger that your business and all businesses are, the stronger our community becomes!
read more »














historic train depot - banquet/meeting room



the mount dora historic train depot is the perfect setting for glamorous, intimate parties such as weddings, anniversaries and birthdays, yet at the same time it is the perfect facility for business meetings and corporate functions. 
read more >>















mount dora visitor's map




mount dora, florida, someplace special... 
a quaint new england style village on a lake front setting. high on charm, low on stress. mount dora features outdoor restaurants, cafes and pubs, specialty shops, art galleries, romantic b&b's, numerous 18 hole golf courses, boat cruises, trolley tours, walking tours, friendly walking and bicycling community, annual festivals and events.
view digital map of downtown mount dora >>































newsletter sign-up



stay updated on recent events, news, happenings and business.







welcome new members







 





 


mount dora area chamber of commerce















































































mount dora area chamber of commerce trustees:




 

























building business. building community.








































 mount dora area chamber of commerce

  341 alexander st., mount dora, fl 32757

  352. 383.2165

  admin@mountdora.com
























































© copyright 2025 mount dora area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.

















 


