

nebraska iowa electrical council



























 



 

 


 



  
 

          spring code classes for 2025... the flyer with all of the information about our spring series of national electrical code classes is attached.  click here to download it. iowa licenses will expire at the end of 2025, so we will concentrate our classes in iowa.  however, we will still offer classes in nebraska.   
2025 niec golf outing, june 1... our annual golf outing will be held at eagle hills golf course in papillion, ne on june 1. shotgun start at noon. the entry form and all the details will be available next month.   
code question of the day...            keep up on your nec knowledge!  click here to get the code question of the day. this is a service of electrical contractor magazine. 
    


    



 



   



 




        click here for email contact





electronic distribution for membership directory... the niec membership directory is now being distributed monthly as a pdf to our members and their employees. if we have your email address, you should be on the distribution list. the new version of the directory will be updated continually and sent out around the first of each month. the electronic version is searchable and will have email addresses and websites shown as hotlinks embedded in the file. just click on the link and your email program will popup with the person's email address already entered. be sure to check your information in the directory. if you are a member or employee of a member and are not getting the monthly directory, click the link above and send us a request to be added to the distribution list.  









 
 


 

          federated insurance has specialized 
          in all types of insurance for the trade industries. they are a major 
          supporter of the niec and we sincerely appreciate their support. whether 
          it's workers comp, property and casualty, medical, or any other type 
          on insurance tailored to your business, federated can help. contact 
          the niec office and we will put a federated marketing rep in touch with 
          you.  click on the banner below to learn more about federated. 
 


 



 
privacy 
        policy


 



 © 
        2025 nebraska iowa electrical council, inc.
 



 


   
 

