









netsville - innovating marketing relevance through technology














































 




















our process

the martech approach
our methodology
martech solutions
case studies

knugroup case study
offenhauser case study
zahm & nagel case study
usa case study




about us

the ipm life cycle
the core principles of ipm


videos
support

domains
webmail
support wiki


 





select page


  
 



 



 











delivering marketing relevance through technology 














every business faces challenges with their internet property
 



 

netsville takes a comprehensive, holistic approach to managing sophisticated websites, or internet
properties. this collaborative, all-encompassing internet property management methodology, enables us
to address even the most difficult issues and return value from your properties.










problems ipm solves
 
1. the challenge of keeping up-to-date with the ever changing demands of the internet

web technology is constantly evolving – we anticipate the changes so you don’t have to
all of your digital assets need to constantly change and flex with the online evolution

2. the challenges of increasing the value of your digital assets

managing all the visits and virtual interactions for your business
managing of brand, reputation, and messaging
measuring and adjusting to increase results

3. the challenge of technical infrastructure management

we handle all your database needs and provide e-commerce solutions
we provide custom programming to further differentiate you from the competition










melding marketing and technology (martech)

1. digital assets

we provide all your website and social media needs

2. communications and brands

we specialize in seo, content, email & video marketing, and e-commerce

3. technology / infrastructure

we provide the latest in software & hardware to support your digital assets

4. fixed monthly fee structure

we apply iterative changes to digital assets that are “in-scope” for the life of the contract

















  
born in martech, our ipm methodology uses a proven and repeatable process to meet our customers needs. by applying agile development practices we achieve rapid, targeted results.













ipm methodology provides many martech solutions including:





digital marketing

social media marketing
seo / content marketing
email marketing
remarketing
marketing automation
video production
analyzing and testing




technology

website
e-commerce
database
email
hardware, software, infrastructure
support & maintenance


















the ultimate social media checklist [infographic]

jan 28, 2019 | infographics netsville & social media social media is an essential part of any companies internet property. it gives another channel for your brand to engage with your customers. for example, netsville customer offenhauser co started out with no social media...
read more









the most critical google ads (adwords) trends of 2019

jan 24, 2019 | business, digital marketing google ads along with adwords are an essential piece of your marketing puzzle. especially considering the prevalence that search marketing now plays. googles uses its broad reach to touch potential customers from all over the world. do you implement a...
read more








$126 billion dollar online shopping total breaks record

jan 16, 2019 | business a record-breaking holiday season adobe analytics has announced online shopping totals and pegs the spending at $126 billion dollars. from november 1st to december 31st consumers spent around 2.1 billion a day. mobile shopping has continued to dominate in...
read more









what eggsactly is going on?

jan 14, 2019 | business, digital marketing social media in 2019 can be a strange place. it should come to a shock to no one that the most liked photo on instagram before sunday was that of kylie jenner and her newborn baby, coming in at around 18 million...
read more





 










call: 585-232-5670


72 cascade dr, 2nd floor rochester, ny 14614


mon - fri 9:00 am - 5:00 pm est

featured career opportunities internet property manager
jr. systems adminstrator
ipm sales consultant
technical production assistant

contact usemail: s u p p o r t@n e t s v i l l e.com (obviously without the spaces) 






facebook




x




rss


 







 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website































































 


