






united states racquet stringers association — welcome!





the united statesracquet stringers association


welcomestringingstorearticlesreferencetoolsget password







usrsa welcomes you to racquettech.com
					

						racquettech.com is more than a web site, and more than an on-line magazine archive. it is a digital toolbox, calculator, reference, and library for the racquet service professional, and for anyone else interested in tennis, racquetball, squash, or badminton racquet technology. access to its information and tools is one of the most valuable benefits of usrsa membership.
					



								usrsa members-only section
							

membership renewal 
renew your regular or digital usrsa membership.
tools and calculators 
our tools section contains the digest on-line, racquet selector, racquet customizer, and the morphinator, and much more. 
articles 
published items from racquet sports industry, racquet tech, and the stringer’s assistant magazines.
reference 
everything from machine calibration to court dimensions to ntrp ratings to … you name it.
become certified 
get all the information you need to become a master racquet technician (mrt) or certified stringer (cs).





								public section
							

find a stringer/advisor near you 
find a usrsa member, professional racquet advisor, certified stringer, or master racquet technician in your area.
join the usrsa today 
check out our membership options.
obtain a trial membership 
with a trial membership, you can view the entire site, use all the tools, and get a glimpse of what the usrsa has to offer. 
on-line store 
check out our books, videos, and other items. 
get stringing lessons
learn to string racquets correctly from a master racquet technician in your area. 






























								read more tips here





								read more testimonials here










   


click here to receive a free digital subscription to rsi magazine! 



advertisementgo to our store











copyright © 1975–2025. networks unlimited.about us | help! | home














