      homepage | candlefind        aboutresourcestools i swear bywork with usadvertising optionsreview requestssubscription boxes

the site for candle loverscontact us



homeaboutwork with uscontact usadvertising optionsreview requestssubscription boxescandle reviewscandle company directoryresourcestools i swear by

candle reviews
candle company directory
scent list library
candle reviews
candle company directory
scent list library
candle reviews
candle company directory
scent list library

the site for candle lovers
welcome to candlefind! we’ve been sticking our noses in other people’s businesses since 2003. we did recently lose a lot of our prior candle reviews, candle tips & tricks, and even our beloved candle company directory. we are busy adding historical information back to the site while we continue to sniff, melt, and burn new and exciting candles to share it with you. although we may look a little different, we remain the place for candle lovers from coast to coast.take time to learn more about our history and current team. or jump right in to check out our newest and most popular posts. if you’re truly candle obsessed like we are, we are sure you will enjoy the ride!recommended must readsfeatured
the 7 best valentine’s day candlesfeaturedwe’ve rounded up some perfect candles for gifting on valentine’s day.
log cabin flannel easy meltcup, yankee candle [review]
frosted vanilla candle, huntington home [review]
rainbow melts review
read more articles
subscribe to our newsletterfeed your candle addiction with our informative newsletter written for the wax lover in mind. plus keep up with the candlefind news as we rebuild & relaunch different aspects of our business. c’mon…it’s time to get serious about your scents.



thank you for subscribing!   our reader favoritesmost popular
this smells like my vagina candle reviewcandle reviews, most popularwe tried the vagina candle…and we really liked it.
4 brilliant ways to save on yankee candle easy meltcups
how to save a drowning candle wick
7 best lemon candles
read more articlescoming soon!candlefind subscription boxes
a must have for candle lovers
we have some exciting plans and updates for the program, but our current focus is restoring our website, rebuilding our candle company directory, and revitalizing our candle review service. once the dust has settled, we will be working on reviving our 100% curated candle subscription boxes to help introduce you to many of our favorites. this will be an entire overhaul of the program, which means that our boxes will not be available again until 2026. be sure to subscribe to our newsletter so you can be kept in the scented loop!
best candle companiesstate pride
the 5 best massachusetts candle companiesstate candle companiesthe best candle companies in the state of massachusetts
the 5 best kansas candle companies
the 5 best florida candle companies
the 5 best michigan candle companies
read more articleslooking for something?search the sitesearch our site for your favorite fragrances, candles, wax melts, and candle companies.
search for:




best candles and shopping guidescandle lists
the 5 best cherry scented candlesliststhe 5 best cherry scented candles to enjoy!
the 11 best rose scented candles
the 5 best carnation scented candles
best peanut butter scented candles
read more articles
followprivate group for wax loverscandlefind insider groupour facebook group for candle lovers is currently closed to new registrants as we focus on rebuilding our site. sign up for our monthly newsletter to be notified when we are opening back up the group.‌
yes, i'm in!

aka andreaowner & chief candle enthusiasti have a genuine love for candles, captivated since the first time i witnessed a flickering flame. lighting candles, melting wax melts, and enjoying the delightful aromas go beyond just a pastime. join along with me as we create happier, healthier spaces…one candle at a time.
learn more and meet the teamlet's connectfollowfollowfollowquick linksblogmost popular postscandle company directoryscent list librarycontact uswork with us

aka andreaowner & chief candle enthusiasti have a genuine love for candles, captivated since the first time i witnessed a flickering flame. lighting candles, melting wax melts, and enjoying the delightful aromas go beyond just a pastime. aromas have the power to bring back memories, stimulate our senses, and enhance our general well-being. i encourage you to join along with me as we create happier, healthier spaces…one candle at a time.
learn more and meet the teamlet's connectfollowfollowfollowquick linksblogmost popular postscandle company directoryscent list librarycontact uswork with us




13300 south cleveland avesuite 56 #877fort myers, fl 33907hello@candlefind.com☏(239) 349-941513300 south cleveland ave
suite 56 #877
fort myers, fl 33907hello@candlefind.com☏(239) 349-9415forum          privacy policy© 2003-2025, candlefind
web design & development by christine lucido
candlefind professional photos by verdigris photography & rosemary west photography cookie policy          terms of use© 2003-2025, candlefindweb design & development by christine lucidocandlefind professional photos by verdigris photography & rosemary west photography forum  privacy policy  cookie policy  terms of use         



