  religion online         
  
skip to contentreligion online

    menu	categoriesarticlesbooksauthorsaudiovisualsblogsearch
  
scroll down to content		home


search for:		


  
search	browse by categories | articles | books | authors | audiovisualsthe latest…blog postsa month of peace june 6, 2018 /  ignacio castueraat a time when muslims are too-often portrayed in negative light, it would benefit us all very much to learn about faithful practitioners, like badshah khan, who believe that the way of peace is deeply woven in the fibers of islam, the religion of peace.read morerevaluing the values of science, religion, and education may 20, 2018 /  john cobbwe need sciences, religions, and educational institutions that recognize the great need for people to value the natural world, are committed to preserving and renewing our earthly home, and oriented around the objective of creating an ecological civilization.read moremay musings may 5, 2018 /  ignacio castuerareligion is deeply intertwined with a number of significant events that took place in may and are observed around most of the world. from international workers day to mother's day, this post explores a handful of religious commemorations.read morearticles

the church and contemporary culture	

paul tillichpaul tillich explores characteristics of contemporary culture and its mutual relationship with the church.read more

god on a mission: a missional theology	

thomas jay oordoord argues that god’s mission is to serve all and save all.read more open and relational, the nature of mission

god’s response-empowering grace and creaturely cooperation: god’s action in the world of science	

thomas jay oordin this essay, oord suggests that the categories of love might help us coherently conceive of divine action in and with the world. when asking questions related to science and culture, we best conceive of god’s action and creaturely response if we adopt a metaphysics of love. he further argues that god’s grace encourages and empowers a creaturely response in support of a life of love for all of his creations. read more open and relational, other theologians

grace and social science: nonsensory perception of god in a constructive postmodern wesleyan philosophy	

thomas jay oordin this essay, i endeavor to accomplish three tasks. the first involves briefly introducing the creative and complex constructive postmodernism of david ray griffin. given that griffin has written and/or edited massive amounts of material in advancing his distinctive postmodern proposals, i cannot cover many pertinent ideas in our present time constraints. i will, however, focus on one notion that griffin believes crucial to his postmodern proposal:  nonsensory perception. this focus amounts to the second task i endeavor to accomplish. my third task entails briefly exploring how this insight – nonsensory perception – relates to a central element in wesleyan philosophical theology: prevenient grace.  i am convinced the hypothesis that we perceive prevenient grace through nonsensory perception can aide theists in general and wesleyans in particular as they traverse the unpredictable postmodern epistemological terrain.read more wesley

types of wesleyan philosophy: the general landscape and my own research	

thomas jay oordthe bulk of this paper provide descriptions of four elements in a typology. it describe types of wesleyan philosophy in terms of interests that those in the wesleyan philosophical society might pursue. when discussing the final element, the direction oord sketches the direction he would personally like to pursue in his own wesleyan philosophical scholarship. part of the rationale for this essay amounts to an apologetic for the wesleyan philosophical society.  and part of the reason this essay was written is to encourage those with philosophical inclinations seriously to consider becoming active in this fledgling society of wesleyan scholars.read more other theologians, wesleybooks

anselm’s discovery: a re-examination of the ontological proof for god’s existence argument	

charles hartshorneread more

omnipotence and other theological mistakes	

charles hartshorneread more

is there only one true religion or are there many?	

schubert m. ogdenread more

dynamics of faith	

paul tillichread more

what is religion?	

paul tillich“[in these] essays tillich sets forth in condensed and abstract fashion some of the grand themes which he later expanded and elaborated in a life work. a predictably intelligent introduction by james luther adams provides context.” —christian century“these [essays] reflect the [political and cultural ferment in germany during those turbulent years when religion was under attack from all sides as it is today. tillich hoped to fulfill the task of achieving a synthesis between religion and philosophy of religion that would point out their common ground. his essays are thoughtful, profound and filled with difficult and complex ideas.” —library journalread more philosophy of religionaudiovisualsreflections on a long careerbycharles hartshorne"if i saw farther than others, it is because i stood on the shoulders of giants." in this retrospective, charles hartshorne reflects on how newton's famous saying has played out in his own life's work.read morespecial lecture by john cobbbyjohn b. cobb, jr.in this special lecture, john cobb explores the central the message of jesus, "god's kingdom."read morewhat is religion online?purposesreligion online is designed to assist teachers, scholars and general "seekers" who are interested in exploring religious issues. the aim is to develop an extensive library of resources, representing many different points of view, but all written from the perspective of sound scholarship. while the initial orientation has been to seek material written primarily from a christian perspective, the ultimate aim is to broaden the scope to include material on all the world's major religions.at present there are nearly 6.000 chapters, monographs, speeches and articles on line. each year more than 1.7 million visitors download more than 7 million documents from this site, including requests from more than 400 colleges, universities and schools of theology in the united states, and another 200 throughout the world.find out more about usreligion online is designed to assist teachers, scholars and general “seekers” who are interested in exploring religious issues. its aim is to develop an extensive library of resources, representing many different points of view, but all written from the perspective of sound scholarship.aboutcontact

proudly powered by wordpress	           


































































































































































