



absolute elsewhere: the spirit of john lennon | articles




















yoko ono:
								keeping the flame alive
by jean teeters (ladyjean)
								(december 8, 2002)
								twenty-two years after john lennon's tragic death, the woman he called his "other half" is working hard to keep the lennon legacy alive.
lennon and nudity
by jean teeters (ladyjean)
								although two virgins was john lennon's first major display of "public" nudity, it wouldn’t be his last. and when you take a look at the arc that was john’s life, it seems he may have been born an exhibitionist.
memories of beatle john
by jean teeters (ladyjean)
								it seems that john lennon has always been a part of my life. of course, that’s not really the case. i lived my first 12 years with no knowledge of his existence, but once i set eyes on him, my life would never be the same.




an interview with yoko ono
by jean teeters (ladyjean)
yoko ono celebrated her 70th birthday on february 18, 2003, and she shared some thoughts on reaching that milestone, her more positive relationship with the public and the press...and a whole lot more...in this exclusive interview conducted by ladyjean for absolute elsewhere.
read ladyjean's new york post story
								about yoko turning 70
an interview with robert rosen
by jean teeters (ladyjean)
								absolute elsewhere's ladyjean talked with robert rosen about his book, nowhere man: the final days of john lennon, and came away with some interesting insights into this highly controversial lennon book and the personal odyssey of the man who wrote it.
an interview with may pang
by jean teeters (ladyjean)
may pang talks about her involvement with john lennon in the early 70s, the making of the walls and bridges album...and a whole lot more...in this exclusive interview conducted by ladyjean for absolute elsewhere.
read ladyjean's new york post story
								about john lennon and may pang

may pang talks about rock 'n' roll
by jean teeters (ladyjean)
may pang talks about her involvement with john lennon in the early 70s, the making of the rock 'n' roll album...and a whole lot more...in this exclusive interview conducted by ladyjean for absolute elsewhere

may pang talks about rock 'n' roll part 2
by jean teeters (ladyjean)
may pang gives some background information on each of the songs on the rock 'n' roll album in this exclusive interview conducted by ladyjean for absolute elsewhere



ono on lennon
by jerry mcculley
								while sifting through the work john lennon compiled in his post-beatles years in order to put together a new box set, yoko ono was given another opportunity to reflect on her late husband's unique genius. amazon.com talked with yoko aboutthe john lennon anthology, which emcompasses a more personal look at the solo work of a 20th-century rock icon.
yoko on the lennon tribute
courtesy of tnt
								yoko ono talked with tnt about the recent lennon tribute (october 2001) and the world trade center disaster...and how they seem to have “come together.”
pete best talks
by gary boole
								in this off-the-cuff interview from the summer of 2000, pete best talks about his life today and looks back on his feelings about john, paul, george and ringo.
victor spinetti:
								among the beatles
by siobhan roberts
								victor spinetti became known to the sixties generation through his stand-out roles in three beatles' films. in this lively article he shares some personal memories about his experiences with the fab four.
the two mrs. lennons
by mike wallace
								in these 1987 60 minutes interviews, mike wallace talks to cynthia lennon and yoko ono about the man they both at one time called "husband."



a beatle's boyhood
by hunter davies
								half a century ago, a group of little boys in a leafy liverpool suburb grew up with john lennon. unable to play a guitar, he press-ganged them into his first band - then shrugged them off and became a star. how do they remember him? hunter davies tells their story.
my friend john
by hunter davies
								by the mid-sixties, john lennon was already growing tired of his fame. he turned to his childhood friend pete shotton, who was drawn into a surreal world of drug-fuelled creativity at the beatle’s home. yoko ono moved in, and lennon began comparing himself with jesus.
before they were fab?
by martin creasy
								historically known as perhaps the worst performance night in the beatles career, their infamous evening in aldershot is described in a personal recollection by someone who was actually there!
we loved john,
								he was part of us
by lorna maclaren
								as new images of lennon are prepared for the web, writer lorna maclaren meets the largs cousin determined to reclaim him for the family. stanley parkes shares his memories of growing up with john.
the chemistry of lennon
								and mccartney: an essay
by ruth mccartney
								paul's step-sister, ruth mccartney, uses her liverpudlian wit and charm in this essay describing what it was like to have loved and known her "uncle john."
lennon's first pot party
by cherri gilham
								who introduced john lennon to marijuana in the sixties? the truth about john's first pot party, as eyewitness cherri gilham recalls, didn't involve bob dylan, but a blonde and a blue movie.
we all shine on:
								lennon’s legacy
by mary lyn maiscott (october 9, 2001)
								an insightful commentary on the performers, the feeling, and the experience that was tnt’s come together: a night for john lennon’s words and music.
julian on john 20 years later
by mary lyn maiscott (december 8, 2000)
								twenty years after john lennon's passing, his son julian utilized his website to make a courageous statement about his relationship with his famous father.
when john met yoko
by joe neumaier (entertainment weekly, november 5, 1999)
								instant karma: something about yoko ono intrigued john lennon when they met at an art gallery on november 9, 1966. the following is a summation of what took place that night (and later), along with some background information on yoko’s infamous london show.
lennon psychedelic
								sketches found
by catherine milner and mark inglefield
								a sketchbook of john lennon’s disturbing psychedelic drawings from 1967 were recently unearthed. described as “drug-fuelled visions,” they reveal in part the disorientation he was experiencing during his years of serious experimentation with mind-expanding drugs.







home | home page 2 | john lennon biography | lennon timeline | articles | features | archives | photo albums
special sections | sub realties | reviews | the spirit of john lennon | john lennon and beatles history
absolute elsewhere forum | lennon links | absolute elsewhere sitemap | remembering john lennon
webladyjean's welcome message | the stores | absolute elsewhere guestbook










