

























isle of man guide













isle of man guide









search site










41°f / 5°c
					fresh breeze
					time: 5:18pm gmt
					sunset in 12 minutes
current weather >>









monday, february 17, 2025

attractions
car rental
flights
ferries
hotels
events
news
















millennium parish markers

isle of man - douglas millennium stone
isle of man - laxey millennium stone
isle of man - castletown millennium stone




 



welcome to the isle of man
the isle of man is a wonderful place of beauty and history which lies in the irish sea between the united kingdom and ireland.  























featured pages





erin arts centre
			day and night entertainment from 
instrumental recitals to small orchestral ensembles, choral concerts, opera and film shows.		


steam railway
			a narrow gauge railway built in the late 1800's still running 15 miles from douglas to port erin.		



view details


view details





athol park glen
			a quiet glen near port erin, complete with stream, paved paths and a children's play area.		


bradda glen
			coastal glen with winding paved paths continued by a narrow path to the milner tower landmark.		



view details


view details





news

sanctions update - democatic people’s republic of korea - 25-apr-2013
the commission has been notified that the isle of man treasury has recently published  new and updated information regarding the below sanctions regime.


issue of a prior information notice regarding the provision of home care - 25-apr-2013
in february 2012 the department announced its intention to rebalance adult social care services with a view to developing a more community based focus for the services it commissions and provides.


financial sanctions: libya - 25-apr-2013
this news release is issued in respect of the asset freezing measures relating to libya.


department of health signs important memorandum of understanding with the health and care professions council. - 25-apr-2013
the department of health has signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the health and care professions council (hcpc) on 23 april 2013.


important safety notice – hotpoint fdw20/fdw60/fdw65a dishwashers - 25-apr-2013
the isle of man office of fair trading wishes to make the public aware of an important safety notice which relates to hotpoint fdw20/fdw60/fdw65a dishwashers manufactured between june 2006 and march 2007 with specific serial numbers.


robin gibb's wife describes postal tribute in his memory as 'deeply moving' - 24-apr-2013
the isle of man has paid a poignant tribute to one of its most famous manxmen robin gibb cbe today (wednesday).


financial sanctions: democratic people's republic of korea - 24-apr-2013
this news release is issued in respect of the restrictive measures directed against the democratic people's republic of korea.


vintage hair styling at imuseum - 24-apr-2013
fans of vintage styling are in for a treat at the imuseum on thursday 2nd may as students from the isle of man college’s hair and beauty department recreate retro hairstyles inspired by the fashions of the 1950s and 1960s in a live styling challenge.


a flat start to the year, but gathering pace    - 23-apr-2013
the isle of man airport finished 2012 with a slight fall in traffic of 0.


chief minister's statement to the house of keys on support for the sefton group - 23-apr-2013
mr speakerin the absence of the economic development minister on government business, i and the treasury minister gave a presentation on friday to members of tynwald on the reasons for council of ministers’ decision to support the sefton group.







events

















information

accommodation
car hire
current weather
economy
faq
geography
government
people and living
property
transportation
travel to the island



towns and villages

ballasalla
castletown
cregneash
douglas
kirk michael
laxey
onchan
peel
port erin
port st mary
ramsey
santon
st johns



attractions

early historical sites
island glens
museums
nightlife
races
recreational activities
story of mann
tourist sites



resources

isle of man news
manx films
maps
what's on (events)



site map








advertisingcontactsprivacy policyacknowledgmentsterms and conditionslinks


other guides by maxima systems ltd: disney world







© maxima systems ltd
designed and sponsored by: maxima systems ltd.








