















text messaging and email marketing software for beginners | enflyer


















































      skip to main content
    









 






 north miami, fl 33181, usa
+1 800-228-6027
 sales@enflyer.com




login
































main navigation




          home        


          pricing        


          solutions 


          bars and restaurants        


          real estate agents and brokers        


          nightclubs and nightlife        


          non-profit organizations        


          convention and conferences        


          more solutions        




          resources 


          case studies        


          guides and ebooks        


          support        




          contact        


          sign up        




















search

















































home




 









easily send text messages and emails to your customers
 





try sms and email marketing for only $1/month for the first 3 months
 

try for $1/month































text and email marketing made simple
 send and track personalized emails and text messages for your business using enflyer's easy-to-use platform with no experience required. 













  



dynamic email marketing






  



free email templates






  



social media integration






  



real-time reporting




















view plans 





learn more 
















  



mass text messaging






  



keyword and autoreply manager






  



message scheduling






  



coaching and support



















grow your business with text message and email marketing
reach your customers in seconds with enflyer’s simple opt-in messaging platform and enjoy all the benefits of text message and email marketing.


unleash the power of email and text message marketing
reach your customers in seconds with enflyer’s simple opt-in messaging platform and enjoy all the benefits of text message and email marketing.














 



excellent open rates
text messages have an average open rate of 98%.












 



reach customers fast
90% of people read text messages within 3 minutes.




















 



increase sales
50% of people make purchases from emails or text messages. 












 



best return on investment
email and text marketing generate $41 for every $1 spent.
















view pricing 





learn how 




























enflyer for everyone 
winning solutions
 enflyer has decades of experience and thousands of satisfied clients from various industries that have benefited from our services. we have proven, industry-specific marketing strategies and solutions that will not only help increase your customer base but your revenues as well.

























 
bars and restaurants
 


the bar and restaurant industry is a frequency game.

read more



























 
convention and conferences
 


let's face it, promoting an event can be a daunting assignment.

read more



























 
nightclubs and nightlife
 


is your nightclub packed every night of the week?

read more



























 
non-profit organizations
 


give your cause the attention it deserves by using email marketing to build your relationship with donors, alumni and

read more



























 
promoters and event planners
 


how do you keep your exclusive vip list informed of your upcoming parties and events?

read more



























 
real estate agents and brokers
 


have new property listings to promote? how about an open house or a new mortgage program?

read more










 

















 
 

 
 












send messages that drive sales
 your customers are waiting to hear from you! create engaging newsletters and text messages using your customer information that will increase repeat business and build loyalty for your business.  














  



send product updates and specials












  



offer discounts for joining your sms/email list




















  



promote your social media pages












  



schedule birthday and anniversary messages




















  



organize online gatherings or virtual events












  



use keywords to collect donations by text message
















view pricing 





free consultation 
























build loyalty and increase sales with enflyer



view plans




















enflyer testimonails 
what customers are saying
 












"


the customer service is excellent and enflyer is always helpful whenever you ask for assistance. i am very pleased with enflyer and their willingness to improve their product to please their customers.

 natalie knight
florida memorial university alumni association















"


your company has been providing us with outstanding support throughout the years. support goes above and beyond.

grand beach hotel group
ceo















"


i can’t express how impressed i am with the level of customer service your company provides.

dr. joe niamtu
cosmetic surgery education















"


been using enflyer for over 10 years and am very happy with the service/communication. enflyer has always been great to work with...

alicia m. iglesias
iglesias international realty










 






















get in touch 
contact with us for any information
 






 



address
14311 biscayne blvd #612406
north miami, fl 33181, usa






 



phone
+1 800-228-6027












your name



your email




subject



message






receive sms communications

by providing your telephone number and email, you consent to receive emails, calls and text messages from enflyer, including pre-recorded messages and via automated methods. msg & data rates may apply. msg frequency may vary. reply “stop” to opt-out and “help” for help. view privacy policy for more info.









 






















the enflyer buzz 
latest enflyer news and tips
 

view all articles

























 news
- 22 jul, 2021 

 
increasing customer loyalty at your restaurant with sms marketing
 


















 news
tips
- 24 nov, 2018 

 
why use email marketing vs social media
 


















 news
- 08 nov, 2018 

 
why all businesses need email marketing services
 


















 news
tips
- 12 sep, 2017 

 
7 tips for high converting email marketing campaigns
 


















 news
guidelines
- 25 apr, 2016 

 
new email security enforces better email marketing practices
 







 






























   

























sign up to get latest updates



email address 


























contact info


the email marketing experts since 1999.

north miami, fl 33181, usa 
 +1 800-228-6027
 email us 









about enflyer


about
contact us
pricing plans









policies and terms


anti-spam policy
privacy policy
terms of use









resources and support


customer support
enflyer marketing blog
report abuse



































© copyright enflyer 2023. all rights reserved. 

























featured posts












 why use email marketing vs social media 

news, tips/24 nov 18 











 why all businesses need email marketing services 

news/08 nov 18 











 7 tips for high converting email marketing campaigns 

news, tips/12 sep 17 










contact info


the email marketing experts since 1999.

north miami, fl 33181, usa 
 +1 800-228-6027
 email us 













