





home - bringing back the natives garden tour bringing back the natives garden tour




















































bringing back the natives garden tour





home
native plant extravaganzas 2025
view 2024 in-person gardens
electrification resources
fire-resistant native plants & fire-hazardous plants
keystone species
native plant resource teams
watch the online tour
doug tallamy resources
find a designer
find a nursery
find a garden
gardening info
volunteer or host
press room
awards & articles
sponsors
contact us!
other tours
please donate!
 










like the tour
       on facebook!








search for:












2025virtual tour april 5 & 6in-person tour may 3 & 4






upcoming events and news

watch the virtual tour april 6 & 7 2024 10am–3pm





buy tickets now








save these dates!
in celebration of its 20th anniversary, the bringing back the natives garden tour
in partnership with the golden gate bird alliance & the california native plant society’s santa clara valley chapter presents
doug tallamy
the ny times bestselling author of
nature’s best hope
dr. tallamy will be the keynote speaker at two conferences:
saturday, november 16  at the oakland museum of california’s james moore theater, and
sunday, november 17 at santa clara university’s mayer theater
please save these dates as we finalize the details. then get your ticket and come enjoy this lively presentation and book signing with doug tallamy, and hear from regional changemakers throughout the event. meet others who are committed to this cause, and let’s be the change we want to see in the world!
we are seeking sponsors and advertisers for these events.  for more information, contact: janet flint ~ janet4space@gmail.com
information on registration will be e-mailed later in september: if you are not on our mailing list, sign up here.
image: dr. douglas tallamy by rob cardillo



2025 is the 21st annual bringing back the natives garden tour and green home features showcase!
four days of inspiration:  online and in-person



tour maps, tickets & addresses


watch the 2022 virtual tour videos


2025 tour flier


didn’t get your confirmation? check your spam box!





virtual garden tour
10:00 – 3:00
april 6 & 7 2024



in-person garden tour
10:00 – 5:00
may 4 & may 5 2024






save time, water, and money!  convert your lawn and get paid for it, too.  with ebmud’s super rebate you can double your rebate to $1.50 per square foot of lawn removed by planting with natives. check out ebmud’s lawn conversion rebate.


volunteers sought for the 2020 bringing back the natives garden tour
© saxon holt photography
the bringing back the natives garden tour is seeking volunteers who will spend a morning or afternoon greeting tour participants and answering questions at this native plant garden tour. more than forty gardens located throughout alameda and contra costa counties will be showcased on this tour, which will take place on sunday, may 3, 2020. benefits to volunteers include invitations to garden soirees, in which tour gardens are open for leisurely, private viewing by hosts and volunteers; a pre-tour meeting with the owner and private tour of the garden you will be staffing; a guaranteed tour reservation for the half day you are free; a bringing back the natives garden tour t-shirt; and, perhaps best of all, heartfelt thanks for helping to educate the general public about the many pleasures and benefits of gardening with california native plants. gardens will be assigned on a first-come basis. to volunteer, please complete the main tour registration form. for more information, please e-mail kathy kramer at kathy at kathykramerconsulting.net, or call 510-236-9558 between 9am and 7pm.

 

 



















