


tales from the ss poseidon




















    
	tales from the ss poseidon
	
  
detailed stories of the personal lives of the passengers aboard the ss poseidon before and after the ship capsized. entirely based on the 1972 classic movie.





wednesday, may 17, 2006



	 
	 captain harrison's last voyage
	 
    


captain harrison's last voyageby veronica anne leeintroduction:many have seen captain harrison as the man who did what linarcos demanded for his own reputation of his career. captain harrison in my opinion is the inspiration of captain smith of the rms titanic. both captains died on their ships leaving their families behind. both captains were forced to go full speed ahead. so in this case it's only a fitting reputation to write a story about captain harrison. much of the story as you will see is strictly inspired by captain smith's life and family, though there will be a difference in the story.i hope you will like this story as much as i have enjoyed writing this.veronica anne leewednesday, may 17th, 2006captain harrison's last voyageby veronica anne leeit was early in the morning on december 18th 1972. waking up in his row home in the upper east side was captain james henry harrison, the captain of the greek majestic line ss poseidon. "james is that you? are you up?" asked his wife lillian from the bedroom. "yes dear it is" said james as he was putting on his uniform. just then his twelve year old daughter jane came out of her bedroom tiredly in her white nightgown as her father went milling about getting his stuff together. "dad, why are you up so early?" she asked. "many things to do on this last voyage my dear" said james. "you won't be away that long will you?" asked jane. "it all depends on the weather. weather reports predict storms ahead in the mid-atlantic" said james. "dad must you go on this trip?" asked jane. "jane, we've been through this several times. this is my last voyage and then i can retire and be with lillian and you all i want" said james. "but dad...." said jane. "no buts, just be a good girl okay?" said james. jane sighed as she went downstairs to eat breakfast.putting on his overcoat, james saw lillian comming out from the bedroom. "looking handsome as usual" she said to him as he gave her a morning kiss. "thank god this is her last voyage, as well as mine" said james. "what will happen to the atlantis and veruna?" asked lillian. "well cyril told me that veruna will be scrapped but not the atlantis" said james. "well that's good" said lillian as the two of them walked down the staircase to to kitchen. downstairs in the kitchen jane was eating her cereal. "it shouldn't be that long of a voyage. this trip is very important, that's all i have to say" said james. "just promise me you'll be safe" said lillian. "there isn't any promises. not how old and rusty that ship of mine is" said james. lillian hugged james. jane sifted through her cereal obviously not liking what her father was doing to her stepmother. james saw her agitated look on his daughter's face. "jane, come here" said james. jane got up and went towards her father. "you need to stop acting this way. i hope you will start loving lillian more. she's not only my wife, she's your stepmother" said james. "but dad......" said jane. "just please my dear jane? you used to be a whole lot better before i married lillian" said james. "i'll try" said jane sullenly. "it's not 'i'll try' it's 'i'll do'"said james hugging her. "dad, please don't go" said jane with tears in her eyes. "i have to. you though need to hang in there and be there for lillian. this trip maybe very unpredictable and i don't know when i'll be getting home. just remember i have not forgotten you never since lillian, and remember that i will always love you jane. nothing can replace that" said james. "i love you too dad" said jane wiping her tears off her eyes.then the taxi pulled up and honked its horn. lillian and jane followed james out of the house. "jane! in your nightgown!" exclaimed lillian. jane ignored her stepmother and ran to hug her father. "i love you dad" said jane. "i love you too. now get back into the house before you catch cold" said james. jane kissed her father on the check and went towards the door where she stood watching her father. "do be careful james. come home safe okay" said lillian. "i'll do what i can lillian" said james as he kissed her. james went into the taxi with his briefcase. he waved to his wife and daughter as the taxi pulled away. "i hope those two can get along for once" thought james as the taxi drove down towards the piers by 12th avenue.the greek majestic pier was empty when the taxi pulled over. there stood the ss poseidon. tall and still majestic though rusting. her three red funnels stood grand and tall and her hull painted in white and black. "here i am my girl. let's get you home safely" he said aloud to the ship. he went up the gangway and into the ship where crew members were milling about preparing the ship for departure. he went up the royal grand staircase out onto the boat deck and up to the bridge. there were the officers one the bridge who spent the past three nights in port. amoung the men on the bridge was aristotle linarcos who came straight from athens. "oh great! another linarcos! demanding as ever!" thought james. "welcome aboard mr. linarcos. i'm sure we'll have a fine voyage on this last trip" said james politely. "i'm sure we will captain. let me please remind you that we need to get into athens ontime and on schedule" said mr. linarcos. "this can't be guarenteed mr. linarcos, but we will try our best" said james. "say, why is this man aboard captain? he has a wife waiting for him at home" said junior officer ron tinkham. "well so do i. what difference does that matter? he's here to make sure the ship arrives safe" said james giving mr. linarcos an angry look."i better do my rounds. i'll be back later on to report" said mr. linarcos. mr. linarcos walked off the bridge. "why do we need to deal with this guy?" asked senior officer charles larson. "it's not my orders, it's cyril's. the company was in much better hands when nicos sr. was in charge" said james. "here's the passenger list from mcfarland" said officer john adams. "full capacity on our last voyage. that's good profit wise" said james. he then looked at the list of passengers "hmm........we have a variety now don't we? we have the indian ambassador, a undercover cop and his hooker, two kids travelling alone, and a reverend escaping his pulpit for some time alone. this is going to be interesting" said james handing the clipboard back to officer larson.the ship fog horn blared at noon. the ship was slowly pulled out of her pier by the greek majestic line's tugboat coral blue, and into the harbor. many well wishers were there to wave the ship off to her unknown destiny. cameras and reporters were there taking pictures of her. not many would know that this would not only be the last time they would see her, but that many of her passengers would never be seen again. as the ship drew further and further into the atlantic, pass the sandy hook lighthouse, many of the well wishers departed. many of the relatives of the passengers had the confidence that they would see their loved ones again. afterall it was a ship. there had been very few disasters since the claridon in 1960, and the poseidon despite her faults, was well equipped with the mandated lifeboats and had the finest top knotch radar and radio. so there poseidon went on her way across the atlantic to what would be her very last voyage.as the site of the new world faded away, james was in the chart room looking at the weather reports for the atlantic crossing. "how are we gonna get past these storms?" he asked his chief officer kevin fredrick. "sir, by what cape race relayed from kinsale, it'd be best we go around the isles and sail downward to southampton" said kevin. "do you know that's gonna be two days out of our way?! cyril is impatient as it is when it comes to getting this rustbucket into port" said james. "it's the best route sir. the ship is unstable as she is" said kevin. "it's gonna take us two days off schedule" said james. "so is going through the storms. joe is down there right now fixing the stabilizers" said kevin. "are you suggesting we go around the isles?" asked james. "yes sir i am" replied kevin. "okay then, we'll do that then" said james. james was getting frustrated at what was being told, so to relieve his mind he went down to the first class library on the promenade deck two decks below. there in the library he read a charles dickens book. dickens was his favorite author. besides his passion for the maritime, he loved reading books. reading books relieved his stress. many passengers would see him in the library twice daily, and the stewards kindly would remind the passengers not to disturb the captain. as being the captain, james was allowed flexibility so he could have sometime off during his shifts. when the ship would enter a port would be when he was required to be on the bridge, or when a serious situation would occur.after reading in the library, james went back up to the bridge to resume his duties. the day ended in the same routine. dinner was a mere social occasion for james. while most captains despised being near their passengers, james loved it. he loved keeping his passenger informed and he loved telling them seaworthy stories during dinner. it was his only time when he spent time with his passengers. after dinner was one more visit to the bridge for an update on the weather conditions, which seemed to be smooth sailing until the ship would enter the european continent. then it was off to bed. he knew he had nothing to worry about as his night officers were on four hour watches as were the lookouts in the crow's nest. not only that, if a situation would arise, james would be called from bridge from either his bedroom or his captain's table in the dining saloon. so off to bed he went. before turning out his light, james looked at the picture of lillian and jane. he was wondering what jane was doing and if she tried reconciling with lillian. "if only those two would get along" he thought as he turned out the light.the next day the first full day at sea. while on the bridge, the ship went into a swell and listed a bit. flung into the bridge came a ten year old boy. "what in the heck are you doing here?" asked james. "mr. linarcos has allowed me to visit the bridge! i'm robin shelby sir" piped up robin in a salute. james looked at mr. linarcos who smiled at the boy. "have you gone too sentimental linarcos? you know this kid can't tour the ship!" said james. "i have higher authority then you do. this kid can visit here all he wants. now if you excuse me captain, i'm gonna show this boy around" said mr. linarcos. "you mean it sir?" asked robin. "i sure do. where would you like to go first?" asked mr. linarcos. "the engine room! i want to see the engine room sir!" piped up robin. "then the engine room it is!" said mr. linarcos as he ushered robin out of the bridge. "that guy is insane" said officer tinkham as linarcos left the bridge. "i can't believe we got to deal with this guy!" exclaimed officer kevin fredrick who was manning the wheel. the two officers looked at james expecting a reply. "as much as we all can't stand him, we have to simply do our jobs as hard as it could be right now" said james.the day progressed as usual with occasionally swells and lists. already those passengers in the three class liner suffered occasionally from seasickness especially those in tourist class who's cabins were further towards the bow. "passengers are already complaining in tourist class. doctor carvello already has had half his distribution of supositories given out to the passengers" said purser mcfarland while visiting the bridge that afternoon. "i thought we were fully loaded medicine wise. guess it'll have to wait until we reach southampton" said james sighing. james then called chief engineer joe on the phone "chief here" said the engineer. "still working on those stabilizers?" asked james. "cryin' out loud! yes! yes i am working on it, but the pumps are near failure! i may need to fix it before we reach southampton" said joe. "i don't care a darn about those pumps right now. just keep fixing those stabilizers okay?" said james. "you can blame that bastard cyril linarcos for it. cheap ship that can't get fixed on her last voyage" said joe. the phone clicked. james hung the phone up. "this is gonna be one heck of a voyage" said james sighing. "you're telling me" said purser mcfarland.the two men walked off the bridge and onto the deck where the sky was a deep blue with bright puffy clouds with a slight breeze. "if she rolls and swells this deep, i wouldn't be surprised if most of the passengers end up filing complaints with the company already. just try to keep them occupied okay? we want this voyage to end in grand style" said james. "it's gonna be hard, but i'll try" said purser mcfarland as he went down the stairs to the sports deck. already thinking about the voyage, james sensed something was not right about this last voyage. he felt very uneasy about it. was it because cyril had been rushing his old ships to the scrapyards? true there was two crates of cargo in the cargo hold that the russians claimed they needed. two days before departure, james got a call from cyril at the new york office. "did you get my telegram?" asked cyril coldly. "yes sir i did" replied james. "good then you know i need you to get that ship back ontime to athens. if you don't, you won't get your bonus james. this cargo is in the hands of my brother. he knows nothing about it and i don't want him to know. is that understood?" asked cyril coldly. "yes sir" replied james. "good. i hope to see you in athens on december 28th" said cyril as he hung up the phone. "bastard!" thought james as he hung up the phone.james decided to take a tour of the ship as he always did. instead of taking the daily tour of the ship with a bunch of officers, james did it alone. it gave him time to think as well. as he walked down the deck to the sun deck where the lifeboats stood, he saw a man sitting there on a deck chair reading a book about medicine. just then an elderly couple came up to him. "well hello there mr. martin! you doing better today after that fall on the dock yesterday?" asked the woman. "there she goes again. that's my belle! always worried about everyone else" said the man. "that's okay mrs. rosen. i'm alright. i'm sure though you won't be seeing me tripping over no more!" said mr. martin smiling at the elderly couple. "well we hope to see you at the first dinner seating" said the man. "oh you will mr. rosen" said mr. martin. "shall we take a walk around the deck belle?" asked manny. "that would be my pleasure manny!" said belle smiling. the two walked off along the deck.further aft, was another passenger, a teenage girl reading a teen magazine. just then a guy came up to her. "may i sit with you?" he asked politely. "i don't see why not" said the girl who continued to read her magazine. "i'm terry, your dinner mate from last night. it's good to see you again susan" he said. "oh yes. how are you?" she said looking up smiling. "i was hoping we could walk about on deck" said terry. "no thanks. besides robin is comming back from touring the ship soon" said susan. "i truly do like you susan. i hope you know that" said terry. susan smiled shyly. "why thank you terry" she said. "how about we walk later on tonight?" asked terry. "well after dinner, certainly" said susan. "good, i'll see you after dinner" said terry as he walked off. "god only knows if jane would do that" thought james as he continued to do his tour.he then went down to the grand staircase where he saw that the band "sunray" was taking their equipment down to the dining saloon. "wasn't that nice that mr. linarcos gave us a free trip passage to rome?" asked nonnie. "that certainly is. we can use the leftover money for our return trip home" said teddy. "excuse me young man, who'd you say paid for your trip?" asked james. the band paused in shock when they saw the captain."oh that kind gentlemen mr. linarcos" said teddy. "he's very nice" added nonnie smilingly. "without him we could of never made it to rome" said teddy. "okay" was all james could say. as james left to go to the dispensory, he heard teddy say "must you say things like that out loud? the captain could of thrown us off at the next port" said teddy. "i'm sure the captain doesn't mind" said nonnie. "well i do!" said teddy sighing.james looked through the dispensory closet. mcfarland was right about the supositories. if the ship keeps cutting through the sea as she was, there was going to be more trouble then there was right now. as he left the despensory closet, he overheard a father and daughter argueing outside in the hallway. "theresa, i don't want you hanging about with larry tonight" said the man. "but dad........i'm a grown woman. i'm 26 and you still are telling me what to do!" she screamed. "i just don't want you to get hurt" said her father. "i'll do what i want okay?" said theresa storming away from her father. james caught a glance of a tired looking man. "she's a daddy's girl right? don't feel bad. i have a twelve year old daughter who's just as rebellious" said james. "just be glad you're not on here convincing you're daughter not to marry the wrong man" said the man. "you'll be just fine. usually the guy you think is wrong for your daughter ends up to be the right one" said james patting the man on his shoulders then walking away.james was now feeling more troubled. this voyage so far had not been that bad, but with medical supplies running low, there were going to be plenty of irritable passengers. james sighed. he still had to tour more of the ship. he then went towards the crew stairway door and went through the steward's passageway where he ran into acres. "hello sir! good day isn't it?" asked acres. "trying to be. you all doing fine over there in those gallies?" asked james. "oh yes sir. we have all we need thus far" said acres. "good, if you need anything, it'll have to wait until southampton. we're gonna round about the isles this time, so it'll take longer. there some storms that we're gonna encounter enroute to home port" said james. "i get to see my homeland once again!" said acres smiling. "i knew you'd be happy. in the twelve years i've known you acres, you were never homesick" said james. "well i can't entirely agree sir. maybe the first year sir, but as i see it, i do what i need to do for my wife and children" said acres. "good man" said james as he walked through the crew passageways.after taking the tour of the ship he went up to the bridge to resume his normal duties. the atlantic crossing went smoothly until the ship headed toward the british isles. james remained on the bridge the entire time while rounding the isles. the sea became very rough and the route suggested from officer kevin prooved worthless because now the route that was suggested forced the ship to be a day behind schedule. when the ship docked in southampton on christmas eve, in the pouring rain, most of the embarking passengers were miserable. those who got off at southampton were glad to get off the ship, and many of the passengers at southampton who saw the miserable embarking passengers sensed that it was gonna be a rough voyage ahead. james putted on his raincoat and went out on the deck. robin shelby then came running in from the rain. "can't you see we're at port? can't your visit wait after we leave southampton?" asked james. "no sir. mr. linarcos said i could come up anytime, so i thought you'd allow me to come up too" said robin happily. "not right now, after we leave cherbourg you can come to visit okay? tinkham send him back to his cabin" ordered james. "aye sir" replied officer tinkham. james looked piered out at the port of southampton. he then heard a happy scream. "acres dear!" screamed the woman. "julia!" came a voice james knew. it was acres. "i'll allow him to slip this time" thought james smiling as he peered down and saw acres hug and kiss his wife and children."dreary england. thank god i won't see her again" thought james. many passengers were comming on and james knew departure time was close and near. at noon we'll depart. meanwhile, get someone down there to get acres back on the ship" said james to officer larson. "aye sir" replied officer larson. the rain did not let up after departure as a result, the ship was two hours late making it into cherbourg. "is it ever gonna clear up?" thought james as he glanced at mr. linarcos who was on the bridge with him. "how's the weather conditions so far?" asked james to officer kevin. "weather conditions should be smooth until after we depart lisbon. "that should be good news for the passengers" said james. "yes but we're still three days behind schedule captain" said mr. linarcos. "you think i don't know that?!" snapped james. "we need to get this ship into port" said mr. linarcos. "mr. linarcos, we are doing the best we can, but i can't risk losing this ship on her very last voyage, and you being impatient is not at all helping" said james. "you must understand the importance of getting this ship to port, not is it only costing me but costing the company as well" said mr. linarcos. "i do understand the importance. i also understand the importance to you that you have an expectant wife at home. if you want to blame someone or something, blame the weather conditions. the safety of my passengers is always top priority before speed" said james. "i will speak to you later about this" said mr. linarcos walking away. james sighed. "when is this trip going to end, half the passengers all already complaining" he thought.and indeed it was true. many passengers did not think that this last voyage would be that rough in the seas. many were seasick especially those enroute from new york to athens. sure the doctor got more medical supplies when the ship docked southampton but would it last? down in the engine room, the stabilizers still weren't fixed. nothing seemed to be going right during this last voyage. then as the ship got into the port of lisbon, the ship's pump broke down and needed to get repaired. indeed during the voyage, joe had his hands full with the problems of the engine room. he was in the engine room more then any of his officers trying to fix the problem as fast as he could. when the ship docked in lisbon, harrison again went down to the engine room, this time with linarcos behind him. "joe" he said. "i've been doing my best sir. what more do you want me to do? kiss up to that man?!" asked joe angerily looking at mr. linarcos. "i can't get this fixed okay! we're all doing the best we can. we've been doing twelve hour shifts getting the problems in this engine room fixed so he can get his ship in ontime " said joe. "i'm sure you are. just get this done or you'll find out that this is the last job you'll ever have" said mr. linarcos. "but---" said joe. "just do it. we're relying on you" said james as he walked away. as the two of them went back to the bridge james asked "have you heard from you're wife?" "the last i heard that baby of ours was kicking her very hard. she might end up having a very hard time having our little one, and i don't want that to happen" said mr. linarcos who held in his tears. "oh i'm sure she'll do fine. it's always hard the first time around. i wasn't there when my jane was born, but my wife made out pretty okay" said james. linarcos gave him an angry look.the weather continued to improve until heading towards gibraltor. there the storms started up again. "these storms always keep following us" said james to officer tinkham. "yes highly unusual for this time of year sir" said officer tinkham. as the ship neared gibraltor "how much cargo do we have?" asked james to mr. linarcos. "we have enough cargo to take her to athens captain" said mr. linarcos. "in this type of scenario? come on! you've seen her in this weather. we need more bunkers, if you want your ship to get home" said james. "trust me captain, we have enough" said mr. linarcos. "are you saying that because you're in a hurry?" asked james. "i'm saying this because i'm not only the company's new representative, i am the company" said mr. linarcos seriously. "i'm saying we need more bunkers!" said james. "and i'm saying we don't need them, now let's get the ship moored in and ready to disembark passengers" said mr. linarcos angerily. "you'll regret this" said james angerily. both men stared at each other angerily while the officers on the bridge stared at the two angry men in shock.the ship was then moored into gibraltor, the rain pouring down hard. again another group of disgruntled passengers disembarked from the ship. some were beginning to realize who was behind this all. some saw the tension between mr. linarcos and captain harrison. many were glad to get off the wretched ship. james looked at the coast of gibraltor. the trip turned out to be unbearable and he knew now he would not get his bonus, and there could be trouble brewing with the secret cargo aboard. "captain, you're daughter is radioing you" said officer larson. "thank you" said james as he walked to the radio room "this is dad here, go ahead" said james. "hi dad" came jane on the radio. he heard her pop her bubble gum over the radio speaker. "how's my princess?" he asked. "dad, i'm not your princess" she said in an annoyed voice. "yes you are. how was christmas?" asked james. "it was good" said jane in sullen tone. "good? jane......." said james. "well it was!" his daughter protested. "you treating lillian good?" asked james. "yes dad i am" replied his daughter. "good, can i speak to her?" asked james. "sure dad. i hope to see you when you get home" said jane. "you will" said james. "i love you daddy!" said jane. "love you too. now get lillian to the radio" said james. "i will dad" said jane."james?" asked lillian over the radio. "here i am darling. you doing well?" asked james. "just being impatient with you james" said lillian. "it's been the weather causing the delay, not to mention other factors" said james thinking of linarcos. "it was a lovely christmas. i dunno why jane didn't enjoy it" said lillian. "that's jane for sure, when she goes back to school for the semester she'll be back to the same old rountine" said james. "when do you think you'll get to port?" asked lillian. "we're trying as fast as we can. unfortunately i won't get my bonus, but once she gets into port, we can start our lives together as a family, the three of us. i'll wire you both money to meet me in athens" said james. "really? thanks darling. jane will be very excited to hear about that!" exclaimed lillian. "good. well i better get to work. i will wire you the money. love you both. over and out" said james. he got up and told the operator. "go and contact the home office and tell them to wire my wife two hundred dollars" said james. "aye sir" replied the operator. james smiled. it was the least he could do for lillian and jane.james left and went back to the bridge where he saw mr. linarcos looking quite content. "i'm sure you're well satisfied now since we didn't bring aboard anymore bunkers" said james. "it's still not compensating for time lost" said mr. linarcos. "gangway doors closed?" asked james to officer kevin. "yes sir they are" said james. "okay ready to disembark" said james. the ship was moored out of gibraltor by the greek majestic's tugboat doris may. the rain continued into the night and through the morning. the storm the ship went through became the fiercest ever. nearly everyone on the ship was seasick the night before new year's eve. even the crew such as the doctor and the nurse could not keep themselves from being sick. the officers on the bridge were allowed to relieve themselves as much as they could so they could resume their posts on the bridge. by the morning of new year's eve the storm faded away, and there were smooth seas and clear skies. after the fight on the bridge that morning with linarcos, james went to purser mcfarland and said "we might as well celebrate this chaotic voyage with a new year's eve party. send out the invitations and also get that sunray band to perform. i'm sure this is one voyage no one will forget" said james. "i know i won't forget it. i'll be glad to get off this darn ship" said purser mcfarland. "well then get to it" said james. "aye sir" replied purser mcfarland.meanwhile back in new york, lillian rushed around getting her prettiest dresses to put in her suitcase. "lillian this isn't a fashionable occasion. dad don't expect me to dress up" said jane who was already packed up. "well it is to me. your father will be having a retirement party there in athens amoungst all the prominent families including the linarcos'. we need to look our best" said lillian. "i've been to retirement parties for the line. they're not grand occasions, but if you say so......." said jane walking downstairs to the front door. "you know young lady you need to stop being sarcastic" said lillian. "you're not my mother. my real mother would of never ignored me like you do to me" said jane. "someday you'll realize you will need a mother. you're father isn't always gonna rescue his princess" said lillian. "i will love my dad more then i'd love you anyday!" shouted jane angerily as she slammed the front door. "when will that girl ever learn that i do love her?" thought lillian as she packed her remaining clothes in the suitcase and headed downstairs.meanwhile in his cabin, james readied himself for the party. the night was supposed to be smooth seas until early morning monday. now with the chaotic trip nearing its end, james was excited to get into port to see his wife and daughter. after getting ready for the party, he went to mr. linarcos' cabin to meet him. mr. linarcos closed the door of his cabin holding back tears from his eyes. james didn't know why he was so composed. "i hope you will know that it should be smooth seas tonight and that it's gonna be rough tomorrow" said james. "all i hope to know is that my wife is alright. looks like i'm gonna be a father very soon without being there with her" said mr. linarcos. "sometimes it's better that way. most men do not like to see their wives in pain, but be glad because when you get home you'll finally see your wife and baby" said james. for the party, james felt it was not only respectful but appropriate to meet and escort his prominent passengers to the captain's table. so along the way he stopped by the rogo's cabin. the indian ambassador's suite, and the spanish cabinet member's daughter's cabin and they all grandly walked into the dining saloon. there at the table stood reverend scott. "not this jerk again! mr. god the great!" exclaimed mike rogo. reverend scott ignored rogo's remark. "captain, ladies" he greeted them. the men pulled out the chairs for the ladies and then they all sat down."well hopefully this will be a wonderful evening to end this precarious voyage!" said james. "precarious? you might as well say disasterous! look what it did to my linda!" said mike rogo. "i told you i didn't want to be on this ship, but you insisted" said linda rogo sipping at her wine. "well i'm sure everyone feels better by now. is there anything you all may like right now?" asked james. "yeah to get off this boat!" said linda. "i could use some champagne" said mr. linarcos still holding back the tears in his eyes. "what's the matter with that guy?" asked mike. "this man here is gonna be a father anytime soon" said james. "hah! at you're age!" snickered mike. "yes at my age" said mr. linarcos who watched as the band sunray came onto the stage. "you know mr. linarcos, you shouldn't of done that to that group" said james. "well i wanted to okay? i have the money to do so" said mr. linarcos. the group fell silient. acres came by the table to bring out the dishes of food. "looks great acres. tell those men back in the gallies i'll give them a hundred dollars more for their great work" said james. "will do sir" replied acres smiling. "and acres, don't let me catch you sneaking off ship again okay?" said james jokingly. "oh yes sir. i promise i won't do it sir, but can't help missing my wife and children" said acres. "that's okay, you're entitled to see your family" said james smiling.the party went on. the music kept playing and james chatted with the passengers at his table, until he saw his phone light flashing. "i wonder what's gonna on up there" said james. when he excused himself, he walked out of the saloon and back up to the bridge. when he got the news about the wave about to hit the ship, he knew it'd be too late. he could get angry at mr. linarcos all he wanted to, but the only way was to hope, hope the ship would make it in the condition she was in. he saw the sorry look in mr. linarcos' eyes but it was not enough. the ship he knew would be doomed. james saw the wave heading towards the ship at a fast speed. the wave hitted the bridge flooding it completely. he knew he was drowning and all he thought was about his wife and daughter.meanwhile at the airport, late at night going into the very early hours, lillian and jane arrived from new york. they were told to stay put because of something important. the both of them were tired from the ten hour flight. leaning against lillian was jane sleeping against her shoulder as they sat down. "mrs. harrison?" asked the lady. jane then woke up when lillian stirred. "yes?" asked lillian. "could i please talk to you in private?" asked the lady. "why of course. stay here jane" said lillian. jane stretched herself and yawned. she knew her dad would be here to greet them soon. just then far in the distance where the lady and lillian were talking, she heard lillian screaming and crying, "no! no! it can't be! james can't be dead!" jane knew then knew that her father was dead. she didn't want to ask any further. she simply knew that the condition of that ship would not make it through the storms both lillian and her encountered during the flight. she siliently cried because now she felt totally alone. lillian walked over to jane who then composed herself. "jane, there's something i have to tell you" said lillian. "if it's about dad, i can tell" sobbed jane. "oh jane....."said lillian as jane got up and hugged her stepmother. "i'm sorry i've been angry with you" said jane crying uncontrolably. "that's okay my darling. it's okay. we'll make it through this" said lillian. "don't leave me okay?" sobbed jane. "i will never leave you" said lillian. the two hugged and sobbed uncontrolably the two them alone in the terminal.meanwhile, thinking he was dead, james woke up on a bench in central park. it was a nice warm day. there walking by was his first wife eliza anne dressed in a white gown. "eliza, what are you doing here?" he asked. "i've come to take you home" said eliza. "home? but home is far from here" said james. "not here it is if you look by that golden gate up on that hill" said eliza. james sobbed. "no, no, no! it can't be" he said. he knew he was dead and he only hoped lillian and jane would far well without him.the end



posted by veronica anne hearney at 4:39 am
0 comments






thursday, may 11, 2006



	 
	 the story of aristotle linarcos
	 
    


the story of aristotle linarcosby veronica anne leededicated to fred edward sadoff, an actor who never got the recognition he so highly deserves, and to his most loyal fan and great friend of mine, deborah d'ambrosi (mrs. linarcos) who's love for fred inspired me to write this untold story.introduction:i decided to pick linarcos as my first story because not only in the film is he responsible for the cause of the ship's capsize, but because four years back i've done some stories about him on a messageboard i belong to. some of the stories also come from my great friend deborah d'ambrosi who wrote some great stories about linarcos, and still does! many people who watch the movie think linarcos is the bad guy, when actually he isn't. with these stories you will find out that linarcos has a very sentimental side, a very loving side despite his businesslike personality. you will be surprised too at what happens at the end of this story. deborah and i have written three versions of what happens to linarcos, so out of the three i took the one i feel is best fits the scenario. after this story, you will realize that there is more to linarcos then anything else you've seen of him.veronica anne leemay 11th, 2006the story of aristotle linarcosby veronica anne leesummer 1977: on the beaches of long island new york was a man by the name of aristotle "ari" jeramy linarcos walking with his four year old son. he looks up at the horizon, there he sees a ship comming towards the port of athens, a sister ship of a ship he does not want to remember. "daddy, look! a ship!" cried his son happily. "you see that ship ari louis. i went on a ship just like her. she was called the ss poseidon, and she looked just like that but with three funnels instead of two" said the man. "really daddy? where's the ship you went on now?" asked ari louis. ari composed himself and tried not to faulter. "it sank many years ago" he replied.he survived a disaster that should of never happened to him. he then thinks back to the day, the very day the ss poseidon left new york for what was to be the very last time.december 16th, 1972, was a warm day in athens. out on the balcony of a gracious white estate looking over the sea, was a young expectant mother. she was sitting at the tea table waiting on breakfast. she felt her baby kicking her hard. "deborah dear, won't you like some tea?" asked her mother-in-law who sat across from her. "no thank you maria" said deborah. she then stood up and looked out towards the sea with the breeze comming towards her. "there's my love" said her husband. "ari!" cried deborah as she turned around. they both greeted each other with a kiss. "and how's our little one doing?" asked ari. deborah felt the baby kick again. "kicking again. seems everytime you come into the room that child of ours comes alive with joy!" exclaimed deborah. ari came over and put his arms around her to feel the baby kicking. "he sure is!" said ari. "that child of yours is gonna be just like you ari. i can tell" said maria. "don't count on it mother!" joked ari. just then the bulter came out to the balcony."from your brother sir" said paul the butler. "thank you paul" replied ari. "what does cyril want now?" asked maria. ari became cross and looking clearly upset. "ari?" asked deborah. ari calmed himself down and took a deep breath. "i'm due to new york tomorrow. poseidon's final voyage is in two days" said ari sitting down. "typical cyril, not giving a moments thought about deborah or the baby!" exclaimed maria angerily slamming her teacup down. "you mean there's no possible way for you to postpone this?!"asked deborah worringly. "now deborah, calm down" said maria gently. deborah sat back down on the chair looking as she was about to cry. "no there isn't. surely cyril has something up his sleeve, but i won't let this voyage stop me from being with you my love" said ari kissing his wife. "ari what about me? i cannot have this baby alone" said deborah nearly in tears. looking at his expectant wife broke his heart massively. "i'm afraid you'll have to" said ari. "but why now?" asked deborah. "cyril has never liked me. never has and never will, unless he has his way" said ari. "oh ari!" sobbed deborah. "now deborah, please, don't get yourself too worked up. you need to be strong. last thing we want happening is that you or our future grandchild gets harmed. let's settle for breakfast shall we?" said maria. that night in bed, both ari and deborah looked at each other. he stroked her face. "you do not know how wonderful you are to me" he said then holding her hand a kissing it. "oh ari! please come home safe my dear!" said deborah. "i wil my love. meanwhile you need to take care of yourself and the baby like mother said. i don't want anything to happen to you or the baby" said ari. "nor do i my love" said deborah as they kissed each other goodnight. the next morning, his bags already packed, ari went to his sleeping wife, and woke her. "deborah, i'm leaving now" he said softly. she woke up. "please come home safe" said deborah holding back her tears as she hugged him. ari held his tears and faultered and said. "i will. you take care of our baby and yourself. i want to see you when i get home". deborah watched ari from the the front balcony as he drove off in the taxi. "goodbye my love!" she thought as she waved at her love. "goodbye my love!" thought ari as he blew her a kiss from the window of the cab. he turned his head from the cab and broke down into tears. "how can this happen? must we be apart at this most important time?" he asked himself.still there ari stood at the greek majestic line's pier in new york as the ss poseidon was ready for her departure on her last and final voyage to athens with stops at southampton, cherbourg, lisbon, and gibraltor. while passengers were boarding the ship, ari thought about the company and the history behind it. it was about four years ago when his father nicos jr. retired from the line and gave his seat over to ari's older brother cyril. it wasn't until the beginning of the year when ari was given a seat as a new representative for the company, but it couldn't of come at a perfect time.there were tears in ari's eyes. if he could speand all the time in the world, it'd be with his deborah. deborah was the love of his life. he'd do anything to be with her right now, but he knew this voyage was going to be the last although not for good. at 46, he still not near retirement, even though his family has made their fortunes, but since he was second in line to take command of the company, so he had to stay until his brother would retire, or until he himself met up to the retirement age. after all the passengers came aboard, there was the lifeboat drill to do. "god only knows if there's disaster ahead" thought ari. the ship's fog horn blew at noon, meaning departure was now comming. with all the passengers aboard, ari thought only of his wife as the ship departed. he watched as slowly the ship was pulled out of the new york harbor and past the sandy hook lighthouse. as the ship went towards the atlantic, ari decided to go and radio contact his deborah at their estate in athens that had a radio room to keep up with the navigation of all the line's ships. "this is pama524 contacting lra752 is anyone there?" asked ari. on the other end was the voice he'd been wanting to hear. "this is lra752. ari? oh ari! i'm so glad i can hear your voice!" cried deborah happily. "i am here my love. how's my dear doing? you holding up alright?" he asked. "i'm trying to. this little one of ours is kicking me very hard, and is wanting to meet you" she said warmly. ari held back his tears and said "i'm sure that little baby of ours is wanting to meet me too" "oh ari! i miss you so much!" she cried. "i know you do honey. just be patient. i'll be home before you know it" said ari trying not to faulter. then there was silence. "ari?" she asked. "yes love?" he replied. "get back as safely as you can. i don't want to have this baby without you" she said crying. "i'll try to get home as soon as i can. give mum and dad a hug and kiss for me" said ari trying not to cry. "i will" replied deborah. "i love you my dear" he said to her. "i love you too my prince. goodbye and out" said deborah. then there was a click."you alright sir?" asked the operator. "yes, i'm alright. get back to work okay?" said ari sternly as he walked out of the room and towards the chart room. when ari walked in, captain harrison was talking to junior officer ron tinkham and senior officer charles larsen about the conditions for the atlantic crossing. "it shouldn't be that bad until we head towards the mid-atlantic. there some storms out there that may cause us to get to athens a couple days late" said captain harrison. "isn't there anyway around these storms? not only are we supposed to be due in ontime, but i have an expectant wife at home" said ari. "no there isn't. unless you yourself could find a quicker route around these storms" said captain harrison. ari looked at the navigational map and the markings tinkham put on the map where the storms would be at. harrison was right, and now it looked like he'd might not make it home to be with his wife. "i'll be back here later on" said ari as he walked out of the room and back to his suite. it was the same suite him and deborah had the last time they took a voyage on the ss poseidon. he looked at the portrait of his expectant wife and him together on the beaches of greece. it was takened a few weeks before the trip. "i'll be home. i promise. you won't have our baby without us" he said as he touched the photo.ari composed himself and went out of his suite to greet the passengers and crew. business had to come first, especially being on a ship. he worked alongside purser mcfarland to meet the needs of the passengers. after that he went down to the crew areas of the ship, making sure their needs were met as well. it was all routinal for ari to do during the departing day of the voyage. amoung the crowds of crew members going various directions on the broadway deck was a ten year old boy looking curiously around. "how'd you get here? this is for crew only young man!" said ari to the boy. "i wanted to tour the ship sir" said the boy in a salute. ari looked at the boy. he was full of curiosity and adventure. ari then smiled. "okay, well since you this curious, i don't see why you can't tour the ship" he said. "oh really? thank you sir!" said the boy. then a girl with brown hair and brown eyes approached the boy. "robin! come on you know you can't be down here!" said the girl pulling the boy away. "oh this is no problem. you're brother is very curious of this ship. you must be the shelby children right? susan and robin? you two are the only children aboard the ship you know" said ari. "we are?" asked robin. ari nodded. "great now what do i do? i don't have kids my age to play with!" sighed robin. "that's a good thing. the last time we sailed on the atlantis, you kicked another kid in the leg!" complained susan. "he started it!" protested robin. ari sighed happily. he could picture his future children just like the shelby children."i'll make sure you two have plenty to do on this trip, especially robin here" said ari. "thank you sir" said susan politely. susan nudged robin. "oh yes! thank you sir!" replied robin. the two of them went back up the staircase to the main deck. after ari took his rounds through the ship he went back towards the tourist class garden room. there he saw two men in clerical garb. one was the ship's chaplin john markus. ari went casually by as he went up the tourist class staircase. "oh mr. linarcos! this here is frank scott. he's gonna be doing the sermons on sundays on this last voyage" said john. ari shook the reverend's hand. "how do you do mr. scott?" he greeted the reverend warmly. "you must be mr. linarcos. heard plenty about you from john here" said scott smiling. "that's very good to hear" said ari smiling back. "do you attend church? i hope to see you at one of my sermons" said scott. "no i don't. my priority right now is to tend to the needs of the passengers and crew and to make sure we make it safely to athens. now if you excuse me gentlemen, i must leave" said ari as he walked away. john and scott looked at each other with puzzled looks.ari went out onto the bow of the poseidon looking at the ocean and just thinking. the voyage was just beginning. he could not get over missing his dear deborah. he thought back to the very first time he saw her. she was merely a twelve year old girl with her parents aboard poseidon's sister ship the ss claridon. the ss claridon sank right off the coast of gibraltor in april 1960 when her boilers caught fire. her parents drowned while trying to leave the ship, but miraculously, she herself was rescued by ari himself, who eventually placed her in the last lifeboat. deborah would never forget the man who rescued her. eight years later, they both run into each other at a bar in athens. "aren't you the girl i rescued from the claridon?" he asked her. "yes i am, but who are you?" asked deborah. "i'm aristotle linarcos. i liked to be called ari, and you are may i ask?" asked ari. "i'm deborah ambrosa" replied deborah. from there on in, the two of them were inseperable. on july 20th, 1968 the two of them married right on the ss poseidon. it was a clear and beautiful day and ari would never forget the loveliness he saw in his pretty bride. deborah wore a shimmering gown with her wavey hair flowing in the breeze as the ceremony was on the bow of ship. it's was the happiest day of their lives. ari smiled as he continued to gaze at the ocean. "this is going to be a long voyage. i must occupy myself with something to do before i cry" he thought to himself.ari went back towards the bridge when he came across acres on the promenade deck, the dinning saloon steward. "hello acres. everything set up for lunch?" he asked acres. "oh yes sir. if she don't roll too heavily, we shall have a fine luncheon!" said acres happily as he went towards the first class promenade with a tray in his hand. ari was just about to go back towards the bridge for one more visit only to see that captain harrison was in the reading room reading his favorite novel book. with all his rounds done, ari went back to his suite to rest. on his way back to his stateroom he overheard an elderly couple talking about their trip. "oh belle, you can't stay at helena's all the time during the trip! don't you want to see mount sinai?" asked the man who was much thinner then his pudgey wife. "i've seen them all manny, as long as i get to see our little grandson, that's all what matters" said the woman. ari smiled again. he could picture deborah being motherly and concerned about her grandchildren, if there were to be any.just after that was the band "sunray" on their way to rome for a music festival. in the group were three guys and a lovely blond headed girl. "teddy! come on! you promised me! you promised me i could sing solo on new year's!" protested the girl. "come on now nonnie! don't be silly! i already told you that you could sing on new year's! you'll be singing solo like you always do sis!" said teddy. " really? so you really do mean it? oh thank you teddy! what could i ever do without you?" she asked. "i dunno sis" said teddy smiling as they were putting their stuff into their cabins. ari paused and looked at the group. "i see you find your accomodations rather good?" asked ari. "oh yes sir! thank you so very much sir! without you we could never get to rome" said nonnie. "it's my pleasure miss" said ari. ari continued to walk towards his stateroom when he came across a very shy man in his jogging suit ready for his run. "this late in the day? how strange" thought ari of the man who's jogging outfit said "james l. martin". ari went to his cabin and closed the door. on his bed he pictured deborah sitting on bed with her white nightgown on. "my darling princess how i wish to be with you" he said to himself as he sat on the chair kicking back his feet and thinking about his business on the ship and the line itself.that night captain harrison came down to the dining saloon to eat with his fellow passengers. he felt that to get to know his passengers and their needs were equally as important as running the ship. as usual, ari sat alongside the captain. acres, who was assigned to the captain's table was giving out drinks and the dishes to the guests. "say acres, you look mighty tired. you doing okay tonight?" asked ari. "oh yes sir. trying to sir. i miss my wife and children right now. it's hard not to be homesick, especially when it's the last voyage of this ole' gel" said acres handing out the wine glasses. "i know how you feel acres. my wife is home expecting our first child" said ari. "ahh....i remember my very first voyage sir, i was just in your scenario mr. linarcos. my julia had our first child while i was away. broke my heart terribly. tis least she was forgiving" said acres. "i'm sure you're deborah will be just as forgiving" said captain harrison. "i'm sure she would be" agreed ari sipping his wine.that night ari went to his stateroom looking at his briefcase. he opened it up and looked through the papers, mainly manifest documents, making sure everything was onboard the ship, especially the food and water and so forth. he then went down to the cargo holds. the ship then went into a swell. "i can't wait for this voyage to be over with!" he thought to himself. with a clipboard in hand, he looked through every piece of manifest on the ship. in the front cargo hold was two crate boxes, both marked "secret". ari panicked. someone must of knew he was aboard the ship. secret manifest often meant trouble ahead. he didn't know where it was going to and if he was the one placed responsible for it or not. he calmed himself down and then went about his rounds, through the gallies and mess halls checking if they had everything they needed until finally returning back to the bridge, he knew captain harrison was there waiting for him. "have you checked everything?" he asked ari. "yes i have. everythine we need is aboard" he replied. "that's good. as long as we have enough just in case we are late getting into athens" said captain harrison. "that's all i need to hear" thought ari. "well we definitely have enough" said ari clearing his throat. "good" said captain harrison. "cape race on the line sir" said officer larson to captain harrison. "okay" said captain harrison. ari walked out of the bridge and down towards the boat deck.it was a clear night with every star shining brightly. it was bitterly cold as well. not many people were out on the decks. most were in their beds asleep. ari then went down to the promenade deck where he walked quietly on the deck. the boards echoed throughout the corridor. then he went back down to his stateroom and got ready for bed. he could not sleep but he knew he had to. the motion of the ship rocked him to sleep. that night he had a terrifying dream that something bad happened to his wife and his unborn child. "no!" he screamed as he woke up in a sweat. how was he ever gonna get through this voyage as sentimental as he was now? he went back to sleep again. he did not know but just as the ship left port, cyril came visiting the estate. deborah was lying on the couch resting and daydreaming of her life with ari and their soon to be newborn. "cyril! what in heaven's name are you doing here?" asked maria. "came to visit deborah here" said cyril. nicos was by maria's side as he walked into the parlor where deborah was at. "you better do no harm to that woman of his!" said nicos angerily. "what do you want cyril?" asked deborah. "i came to check up on you. seems to me that you're husband has left you" said cyril. "yes on your account" said deborah angerily. "now you listen here!" said cyril. "why must i listen?" asked deborah. cyril leaned over to her and whispered "because from here i will take charge of this family not ari. ari will not be a part of this family any longer" said cyril. "i will not!---" said deborah angerily as cyril got his pocket knife to her throat and pulled the back of her hair as she cried. maria gasped and nicos looked in shock. "now i'm sure you don't want any harm to be done to you and your baby! so i suggest you keep your mouth shut and your ears opened. myself being here should let you know that you won't see him again. i'm making sure of it. for years he's been the spoiled one. now it's time to have my way" said cyril. "i will never allow you to have your way! ari would not allow it either!" screamed deborah. "cyril! leave her be!" yelled nicos. "father! must you defend her?!" said cyril. "go home cyril at once!" said nicos. "your husband hasn't seen the last of me! there's more to come!" exclaimed cyril as he left the estate. as cyril left, deborah broke down into an uncontrollable sob.meanwhile on the ship ari woke up the next day to the same old routine. after doing the manifest inspection, he went back up to the bridge. just then robin came swinging into the bridge. "what in the heck are you doing here?" asked captain harrison. "mr. linarcos has allowed me to visit the bridge!" piped up robin. ari smiled at robin. "have you gone too sentimental linarcos? you know this kid can't tour the ship!" said harrison. "i have higher authority then you do. this kid can visit here all he wants. now if you excuse me captain, i'm gonna show this boy around" said ari. ari ushered robin out of the bridge. "you mean it sir?" asked robin. "i sure do. where would you like to go first?" asked ari. "the engine room! i want to see the engine room sir!" piped up robin. "then the engine room it is!" said ari. the two of them went down deck by deck to the forward engine room. as they walked in joe the chief engineer yelled "you bastard! what in the heck are you doing here with this kid?!" "joe won't you be quiet for once. this boy here needs a tour of the ship. is any of your officers around?" asked ari. "they're all at lunch" said joe. just then a young officer came up to ari and robin. "i can take this boy on the tour of the ship if he wants" said the officer. "you mean it sir?" asked robin. "sure why not? i'm charlie, i'm the third engineer on the ship" said charlie. "i'm robin shelby sir" said robin. "you don't need to call me sir" said charlie. "if that kid gets hurt, you're responsible linarcos" said joe. "i know that! now just allow your officer to give this boy a tour before i sack you" said ari. joe backed off from ari. "you have a good time okay? and come by the bridge more often. you have my permission" said ari. "aye! aye! sir!" replied robin happily as charlie ushered him out of the forward engine room. joe glared angerily at ari. "don't you dare give me that look. he's only a kid" said ari walking away.days went by, as soon as ari knew it, the ship was at southampton. as the ship was docked, ari noticed three men glaring at him on the boat deck. "they must be the guys who want the cargo" thought ari. maybe they were following the ship from there on in. ari didn't know what they wanted, but he knew that if whatever cargo they had did not arrive safely, then not only would his life be in danger but deborah's as well. he was happy that he was now on the european continent, but now more then ever was he anxious to get home. cherbourg was only four hours away but from cherbourg to gibraltor was about two days. already they were three days behind schedule due to the storms harrison predicted in new york. "linarcos. home office is radioing you" said harrison. ari went to the radio room. "linarcos here" he said. "ari, what's taking that darn ship of yours? already relatives of the passengers are complaining" said cyril. "what am i supposed to do about it?! the ship's unstable as it is!" said ari. "just get the ship back as soon as you can, or you can be guarenteed, that this will not be the end of it" said cyril. "what did you say?" asked ari angrily. "you know exactly what i am saying ari! it's simple, you don't get home ontime, i'll be waiting at the dock with a surprise for you" said cyril. "what about harrison? you know he won't budge" said ari. "if you have to sack him do it. anything to get that ship into athens" said cyril. "okay. over and out" said ari as he clicked off the radio. "something is not right" said ari out loud. "what's not right?" asked the radio operator. "haven't you learned to mind you're own business? this is the company we're talking about" said ari storming out of the room.at cherbourg there too were the same three men. they must of followed the ship via a yacht or a steamship. ari got more nervous. all he could think about was the dangers lurking ahead. what was so important in the boxes that three men would track the ship from southampton to athens? two days later in gibraltor the men were there as well. "this has to stop! what do they want?" thought ari. there was three more days left til he got to athens. he knew that deborah would have their child between now and then. "maybe if she could hold on a little while longer" he thought. just after leaving gibraltor, cyril radioed his brother again. "haven't you oredered full speed ahead yet? i've been telling you to do this but it seems you aren't listening"he said to ari. "stop acting as a president and start being my brother. deborah is having the baby any day now. i have my mind on matters then the ships timing" said ari. "get your mind straight. if you don't order full speed now, you are not gonna see the end of me" said cyril. "you wouldn't dare?!" said ari. "you know i keep my word brother. now do what i say" said cyril. "okay i will. over and out" said ari.the next day was new year's eve. ari walked around the boat deck after the bad storm early that morning. his arguement with harrison about the ship's arrival did not make him feel any better. so he decided to take a walk on the boat deck. the deck was wet from the storm, and as he continued to walk, he saw reverend scott's sermon in progress. he didn't sit in during the sermon, but listened contently by the boat deck. scott's sermon was what ari needed to hear. it gave him the determination to get to his deborah. that evening before heading to the dining saloon, ari decided to radio deborah once again. this time it was not her who picked it up. it was his mother. "hi mum" he said to his mother. "hi ari" replied his mother. "where's my dear? is she okay?" he asked alarmingly. "she's here. let me get her" replied his mother. ari started panicking. "ari! are you there love?" asked deborah. "yes i'm here. i should be home tomorrow night" said ari trying to not to cry over the radio. he could hear her voice sounded different. "deborah, you alright?" he asked worringly. her rapid breathing worried him. " cyril was over here the day after he left. it's not good ari! he almost harmed the me and the baby! you need to come home!" cried deborah. "just be calm deborah. i'm trying the best i can" said ari trying to reassure her. "ari, i think i'm gonna have the baby. i'm so scared! i want you to be there with me!" she cried. tears flowed down his eyes so rapidly that it was hard to compose himself in a businesslike way. he then calmed himself down and said "deborah, you can do this! you are a remarkable brave woman" said ari. "i can't ari! i can't!" she cried. "there's nothing i can do right now about it. it breaks my heart dearly that i cannot be there, but you'll just have to go on without me, okay?" said ari. "okay my love" said deborah trying to calm down. "that's my princess. i will be home when i can" said ari. "okay, bye my love" said deborah. "bye my dear" said ari. he heard the click. "why now? why me?" he thought as he went back to his stateroom for dinner.dinner with captain harrison and the guests at the table seemed boring to ari. all the nonsense about the legends of poseidon, the rogos being inpolite and the mysterious reverend scott made ari want to go back to his stateroom and sit and have champagne all alone. he was going to be a father any moment now which greatly bothered him. "if only this voyage would go quickly" thought ari. then captain harrison was called up to the bridge. ari panicked. "what in the world would the captain be called up for? on new year's eve of all things!" he asked himself. ari followed captain harrison up to the bridge. the news was not good. there was a sub sea quake off crete heading towards the ship at a rapid pace. a great big one in matter of fact. ari knew in nautical standards the ship would not make it with the strength of the quake. "i have to live for deborah. i have to live to see our baby" thought ari. in the dark he saw the wave comming towards the ship with great fear in his mind. the wave hitted the bridge smashing the windows and flooding the wheelhouse. being a great swimmer, he looked for a way out, only to find one of the sliding doors open as the bridge was flooding. the wheelhouse now completely underwater, ari swims through the sliding door and out into the sea. he sees a overturned lifeboat where he clings onto it until help would arrive.in the dark he saw the massive hull of the ship overturned. he could not bear the fact that many lives were aboard that ship, many of them dead already. so there ari was, sitting on the overturned lifeboat shivering from the cold. meanwhile, deborah was laying in bed in their bedroom of the estate in athens resting comfortably. her contractions subsided a bit after ari's radio call. all the sudden right after midnight, she heard muffled sounds from down below. it didn't sound as if there was good news to hear. "how are we gonna tell her? god only knows if those contractions would get worse, or worse she goes into shock" said nicos to his wife maria. "well maybe i should tell her" said maria. "maybe you should" said nicos. "oh god not our ari!" sobbed maria crying in nicos' arms. "come on. get a hold of yourself" said nicos firmly. deborah sensed something was wrong so she walked downstairs and into the radio room and by maria's face she knew something wasn't right. "is everything alright? you two don't look well" asked deborah. "there's been an accident. the poseidon capsized just after midnight. there are no survivors at this point" said maria gently to deborah. deborah screamed "no!!!" and fell down to the floor holding her stomach where her unborn child was. "come on nicos let's get her to the sofa then we'll get paul to take her to the hospital" said maria urgingly. the both of them helped deborah up and took her the sofa. "you have to be brave like you promised ari. you have to go on deborah, you just have to" said maria gently. "you have no other choice but that you have to go on deborah, your life or my grandchild's life maybe at stake" said nicos firmly. deborah nodded. "i'm sorry i just can't" she said with tears in her eyes.meanwhile back on the sea, ari clutched onto the lifeboat. "how could this happen? i may never see my deborah or our child ever again because of my actions on this trip. still i need to live. i need to see my deborah just one more time, and even our little baby" thought ari. hours went by, ari was drifting in and out of conscienceness. in the water he could see the boilers exploding. he could only imagine if anyone got out alive from that ship. just as he thought he'd be dying from the cold, a tugboat with its lights were flashing in his face. "this is it! this is it! i'm on my way my dear! i'm on my way!" thought ari happily. "get him aboard! quickly! he's probably the only survivor on that ship!" yelled a man from the boat. "come on sir! we're giving you a lift. you heading to athens?" asked one guy from the boat. "yes i am, but i am cold and weak. i need someone to help me" said ari tiredly. one of the guys from the boat came to pull him in. "give him some dry clothes. keep him warm, we don't know how long he's been in the water" said the captain of the boat. ari was given some warm clothes and was covered up with blankets. "my wife! i need to get to athens! she's having the baby! i know it!" exclaimed ari tiredly. "we're on our way sir, but i'm afraid we won't get to athens until tonight" said the captain. "just get some rest sir" said one of the officers. "i cannot rest until i know my wife and baby are alright" said ari. "what's your wife's name sir? we'll try to do the best we can for you" said the captain. "deborah linarcos" replied ari. "you're the head of the greek majestic line aren't you?" asked the captain. "no, my brother is. i'm just a representative" said ari. "well you try to get some rest mr. linarcos. we'll try to get to athens as soon as possible" said the captain. ari fell rapidly to sleep in one of the officers cabins. meanwhile at the hospital, deborah was screaming in pain. "ari, oh ari!" she thought as she was sobbing. out in the hallway, maria and nicos were talking. "if nothing turns up with the survivors, how are we gonna tell her? look at her already!" said maria pointing towards her daughter-in-law's hospital room. "the only best thing is to wait" said nicos. maria went towards the hallway window. "i cannot wait. that baby deserves a father. ari and deborah are meant to be together not apart" said maria. "something is telling me that cyril is up to something. anything to get rid of ari" said nicos thinking. "you got to be serious?" said maria. "cyril doesn't stop til he has his way" said nicos. just then thunderstorm came in, and it started to rain. "well let's just hope that doesn't happen. i better go back in the room. deborah will need me" said maria trying to wipe off her tears. maria looked at her daughter-in-law who was screaming in pain. deborah looked at maria. "any news on ari yet?" asked deborah. "not yet. we are still waiting" said maria. "i cannot have this baby without ari!" screamed deborah as it began thundering outside. "yes you can deborah. i know you can. ari would want you to" said maria. "i will not have this baby until i know what has been going on!" screamed deborah anxiously. "we'll find out deborah. news will reach us" said maria. ari woke up inside the officer's cabin not knowing where he was at first. he first thought he was still on the poseidon as the vessel he was on motioned quite a bit. "where am i?" he thought. then he heard a helicopter outside. he peered out of his porthole and saw the helicopter land on a small ship. "that must be a rescue helicopter. there are survivors!" thought ari. outside of the cabin, ari heard a crew member asked another crewmember "have they heard anymore about the ss poseidon and if they had anymore survivors?" "yes, there are ten survivors besides that linarcos man" said the other crew member. "imagine! only eleven out of two thousand plus passengers" said the crew member. ari stood there quietly and grieved greatly for the passengers who died and for the survivors. "how can this be?" he thought as he stared out at the porthole. that night as the storm came in, the ship ari was on came into port. he thanked the men who saved him and hailed a taxi to the nearest hospital.ari knew deborah had to be at the hospital, as he was on his way, in the taxi was the evening newspaper. "greek majestic liner ss poseidon capsized. aristotle linarcos saved" read the headline. ari's face was shown on the front cover. "have you heard about that ship? that linarcos guy forced the ship at full speed! no wonder the ship capsized!" said the driver.the driver of the taxi noticed him ari and said "you're aristotle linarcos aren't you?" "yes i am" replied ari as he read the newspaper trying not to get upset. "you're gonna have a rough road ahead because of your actions" said the driver. "i do not need to be reminded. i have more personal matters to deal with right now! my wife is having our first child!" said ari angerily. "at your age?" asked the driver. "just get going along okay?" snapped ari as he continued to look at the newspaper.at the hospital, deborah came to the conclusion that ari was dead and that no one could possibly survived the disaster. she too was in a precarious state. her labor pains had been far too servere and she was giving up hope that she would live, but had hope that her baby would live. from the second floor hallway window, maria saw a cab pull up. "i wonder who that could be" she thought. she then saw ari getting out of the cab tiredly. "nicos! nicos! come with me!" she shouted excitedly from the hallway with joyous tears in her eyes. the two of them went downstairs and into the hospital lobby where they saw ari staggering towards them, wearing a white shirt and jean shorts. "son! we've thought you were dead!" sobbed maria . "i'm fine mother. where is she? is she doing alright?" asked ari. nicos knew deborah was getting worse and to tell ari the bad news that his wife was not doing well could not come out of mouth. he could only say "she needs you my son" they took the elevator to the second floor, and as he walked out of the elevator he heard her screams. just as the three of them got out of the elevator, they saw a bunch of doctors and nurses going towards deborah's hospital room. "her pulse is too high! let's get her into the emergency room!" shouted the doctor from the room. "no! oh no! please! not my deborah! i'm comming! i'm comming!" he thought to himself. he ran to her hospital room where she about to have their child. she looked tiredly over her shoulder as if she was about to die. "ari......." she said in a daze. then in a joyous shock she screamed "ari!". she hugged him with joyous tears. "please don't leave me deborah! please don't!" he said to himself. "i'm here my love. i'm here. i couldn't live without you" he said sobbing. when ari came into the room, deborah miraculously was revived. through deborah's pain, ari saw his wife having their first child. with tears in his eyes, he dream had finally came true, but in a terrible and sad way. "it's a boy ari! a beautiful boy!" said maria holding her grandson. ari sobbed again. he was very happy but very sad at the same time. many lives were lost the night before and ari was partly responsible. it was his son's birth that was like a sacrifice to those who died on that ship. it was a joyous but sad day in his life that he would never forget. he held his firstborn and smiled. "i can't believe you held on this long" said ari to deborah as she rested comfortably. "me neither" she said in agreement. "so what shall we call our little bundle of joy?" asked ari. "why not after you? name him ari louis" said deborah smiling. "then ari louis it shall be" said ari smiling at his wife.days went by and ari tried not to think about that aweful night. a week after the disaster, ari was comming back from taking a walk when he heard a terrifying scream from deborah from inside the estate. he ran quickly inside. "what's gonna on here?" asked ari. three men in mafia suits came towards him, there too stood his brother cyril hold little ari louis. "well, well brother. couldn't do a simple task" he said. "what do you mean?" asked ari. "we wanted that cargo linarcos and now it's lost. where's the money you owe us?" the big man asked him. ari was startled. deborah was tied up, blindfolded, and her mouth taped up. " what money?" asked ari. "we had you responsible for the cargo and with the ship gone, you owe us money" said the man. "wait! you had me responsible? since when? i was never informed" said ari. "you didn't have to be brother. i made sure of it. you never learn do you?" said cyril. "you lying bastard! you had me set up! all because of me!" said ari. "fess up! you owe us 3 million, or she dies and you'll never see your son again!" said cyril, "you aren't gonna kill her. if you're gonna kill someone, kill me!" yelled ari. "hah! why would i want to kill you now if you aren't giving me the money? kill her now!" said cyril. one of the men shot deborah in the back. she fell down to the ground. "no!" he yelled with tears in his eyes. nicos ran into the room. "what's going on here?"he asked. "cyril? what in the world are you doing here?" asked nicos. "funny thing father. i was gonna ask you the same thing. dear ari here isn't giving us the money we need, so now we had to shoot his wife for it" said cyril. "now give us the three million" said the man shoving the gun to ari's head. ari composed himself and went over to his desk to write out the check to cyril and his men. "send this son of his back to his nursery. i hope ari here is learning a lesson" said cyril to the maid. "it's a good thing i didn't shoot you because i would. you are a weakling ari. you could never withstand being the head of this company" said cyril. "that's enough cyril! you got your money for the men now leave us be!" yelled nicos. "i'm not finished with you ari" said cyril pointing at him. the men ran off without saying a word. "that's it! i've had enough with him. i'm calling the cops up right now. his rear is gonna be in jail for this!" said nicos angerily as he went to the phone. "wait! deborah!" cried ari. nicos paused as ari ran up to deborah and pulled off the masking tape and the blindfold. "ari, our son, our son!" she said faintly. "dad, call the ambulance up! now!" he yelled with tears in his eyes. the ambulance came and ari went to the hospital with deborah. he waited patiently in the lobby knowing to hear the worse when the doctor said. "that wife of yours is doing well, miraculously. her will to live must be because of you because she's been asking for you" said the doctor. "she is well right?" asked ari. "yes, and you can visit but not for long" said the doctor. ari went into deborah's hospital room."ari! oh ari!" she cried happily. "i'm here love" he said as he sat down and held her hand. "ari? where's my son?" she asked. "he's safe at home my love. cyril has been arrested for attempted murder" replied ari. "that's a relief" said deborah. "not entirely love. i've been called into court for the poseidon disaster. i might be put to jail for manslaughter" said ari. "oh ari! honestly!" exclaimed deborah. "there's no possible way i'd be aquitted. all ten survivors of the disaster will be at the hearing and all ten will be testifying against me. cyril will be there too. it will take a miracle to be aquitted of this disaster" said ari. "i'm comming with you" said deborah firmly. "no, you can't deborah. it wouldn't be a wise thing to do" said ari. "you've made it to athens because of the baby and me. the least i could do is to be there for you as you were always there for me" said deborah. "you never give up do you?" asked ari smiling. "not when it comes down to the one man i truly love" said deborah. "just comes to show how much we truly love each other my love" said ari. "ari?" asked deborah. "yes dear" asked ari. "why has this happened to us? why us? why me?" she asked. he composed himself. "things just happen deborah. it's unexplainable" said ari stroking her face. "but why? since we've met we've gone through disaster after disaster. i almost died in childbirth and from the gunshot, and you almost died on the poseidon. i wonder if it's all because of me" said deborah. ari gripped her arm softly. "look at me deborah. it has never been you my love. please don't dwell on it love. we have our lives together and that's what matters. haven't you noticed our love has been stronger after every disaster?" asked ari holding her hand. deborah sobbed. "yes, and it makes me want to love you more and more" she said. he kisssed her romantically. "we've survived a lot in the past four years, and we can be stronger from here on in" said ari.in mid january 1973, the trial of the disaster of the ss poseidon came. the first day of the trial, deborah walked into the courtroom and sat down amoungst the crowd with little ari louis in her arms sleeping peacefully. ari walked into the room and sat down next to his lawyer. he then looked at deborah, her face sad with shock and unbelief. "hey mom look! it's mr. linarcos!" said robin shelby pointing ari out. "what's he doing here?" asked susan shelby curiously. "i thought he drowned!" exclaimed robin. "me too" agreed susan. "another ismay, i say. he's gonna have a bad life ahead of him, and just look at that wife of his! who does she think she is comming into this courtroom!" said jane shelby, the children's mother looking angerily at deborah. "how on earth did he survive?" asked susan. "that's not for us to ask susan" said jane. "your mother is right" said richard shelby, the children's father. ari looked over and saw his brother walk into the courtroom to the opposite end. he whispered something to one of the women in the room before sitting next to his lawyer.the opening statements came into order with cyril's lawyer speaking first. "according to cyril linarcos, this brother of his is totally responsible for the disaster of the ss poseidon. "he specifically told his brother to get the ship into athens as soon as possible, no matter how costly it would be. as a result, the ship capsized and sank off crete because of this man. aristotle linarcos only thought of him and his wife who then was expecting their first child. this man was responsible for the safe delivery of the secret manifest cargo box numbers 6578034 and 65798035. he was required to bring the cargo safely to athens without any disruption. the cargo was lost and this man paid them off in return. this man deserves to go to jail because he was irresponsible and because of his irresponsibility, thousands of lives were lost that night. that is all" said cyril's lawyer.ari's lawyer james peterson got up and spoke "aristotle linarcos is not the bad man that cyril has portrayed him to be. aristotle was being used by his brother cyril. according to the letters i have, cyril was planning to kill aristotle and marry his wife deborah so he could rule over the family" said james. deborah gasped in complete shock. "aristotle is a very loving man. maybe too personal when it comes to the love of his life, but he maintains a good working relationship to all. it's his last name that makes people feel uneasy. according to my records here, aristotle has not one thing against him. this did not start until four years ago when cyril here took over the greek majestic line after their father retired. in all due respects, aristotle here was not responsible for the disaster, but that of his brother. that will be all" said ari's lawyer.during the next few days each of the ten survivors went up to testify their stories of their survival on the capsized ship. deborah listened in shock of what was being told. story by story, deborah's heart ached at what she had heard. her dear ari, the true man she loved, did all he could to be with her when their son was born that only lead into a disaster that thousands of lives that were lost. "i have no one to blame but myself" she thought as the tears siliently fell. the very last survivor that went on the witness stand was young robin shelby. when his was called up jane pulled robin back. "you are not gonna put my boy on the witness stand!" she protested. "but mom!" protested robin. "mrs. shelby if you do not settle down, i will have you arrested" said the judge. "i will not have my son go onto the witness stand and that's final! come on robin!" said jane angerily as her family got up and left the courtroom. the last to leave was robin, who looked at ari sadly because ari was like a father figure to him during the voyage.finally ari was the last to go on the witness stand. deborah clutched her son close to her as ari went up to the witness stand. "it'll be alright deborah. he'll make it through. he always does" said maria hold her daughter-in-law's hand. ari went up to the witness stand, but as he did, he could not look at deborah. to see her sadness was unbearable. "mr. linarcos in what year were you hired to work for the greek majestic liner?" asked cyril's lawyer. "may 6th, 1968 sir" replied ari. "that was just about the time you were going marry your wife right?" asked cyril's lawyer. "yes, we married two months later" replied ari. "did you know the company was financially in trouble before the disaster?" asked cyril's lawyer. "yes sir i did know. it only went downhill after my brother took over the company" said ari.  "according to these records, you wanted to be home for your wife before she had your son. is this true or not mr. linarcos?" asked cyril's lawyer. ari glanced at deborah who wiping the tears off her face. "yes it was true" said ari. "did you not consider the lives of the passengers?" asked cyril's lawyer. "yes i did" replied ari. "then why did you ask captain harrison full speed ahead on the night of december 31st, 1972?" asked cyril's lawyer. ari was hesistant on what to say. ari was hesitant what to say. the only way to stay in deborah's life was to get back at cyril. "cyril, my brother ordered the full ahead because of the cargo" said ari firmly. cyril got up from his chair in a rage. "that's not true!" he yelled.  "mr. linarcos can you sit down! or you shall be arrested" said the judge. "ten survivors came up to testify their expieriences, do you have any sympathy towards these people?" asked cyril's lawyer. "yes! it breaks my heart! it breaks my heart more that i was dragged into this situation from my brother!" exclaimed ari. "then how on earth mr. linarcos did you happen to survive? was it because of your wife" asked cyril's lawyer.ari thought long and hard. he could say it was because of deborah, but that was the only answer he could find. "yes it was because of my wife. when the wave hit the ship, i swam out of the bridge door and out to the sea" replied ari. "seems to me mr. linarcos you let your personal life interfere with your business for the company" said cyril's lawyer.  "my brother knew my wife was expecting. he did not give me permission to have time off to be with her, even when i asked. alongside my job, my wife is just as dear to me" said ari. "you're thoughts and actions have cost the lives of thousands of passengers" said cyril's lawyer. "i'm not all at fault. if cyril did not force me to go full ahead, the ship would of never capsized" said ari. "that's all your honor" said cyril's lawyer to the judge."tell the court here mr. linarcos, how much you love your wife here" said james peterson. "she's the world to me" replied ari looking at deborah who was smiling at him. "were you forced to come into the company mr. linarcos?" asked james peterson. "my brother forced me into it" said ari.  "do you mr. linarcos think your brother is envious of you?" asked james peterson. "objection your honor!" said cyril's lawyer. "substained" said the judge. "yes i do think he's envious of me, though there's nothing to be envious about" said ari. "do you think you were being used in this cargo situation?" asked james peterson. "yes i do" said ari. "in what way?" asked james peterson. "so my brother here could rule over the family, take over what he thinks is his" replied ari. "that is all" said james peterson to the judge.the closing arguements followed. cyril's lawyer saying that ari deserves to rot in jail, and ari's lawyer pleading that ari had been innocent. after the arguements were complete came the ruling. "we here find aristotle jeramy nicolae linarcos not guilty on all charges" said the lead juror. deborah cupped her face and sobbed in joyous shock. "we the jury find cyril nathan lewis linarcos guilty of manslaughter and for the recklessness of the disaster" said the lead juror. the court session ended. many people walked out looking more at ari and deborah then cyril. "i'm not done with you yet. when i get out, i will get you!" yelled cyril. "that won't be possible, because you will never find my wife or myself" said ari getting up. cyril stormed out of the courtroom with his lawyer.ari turned around to see his wife in tears. "oh ari!" she sobbed. "i've made it. now we can move on with our lives" said ari as he hugged her. "ari, i can't believe all what you have done for the baby and me" sobbed deborah. "i'd do anything for you. don't think for one second that this disaster was your fault, because it wasn't" said ari. "oh ari!" exclaimed deborah who then kissed him. "we'll move out of europe and to the states. father has family outside new york. we'll be safe there" said ari. deborah smiled in relief.  ari scooped up his wife off the ground and said "now where's that son of mine? we have a plane to catch for a new life in the united states!" said ari. maria held little ari louis as she followed ari and deborah out of the courtroom. indeed from there on in did ari, deborah, and ari louis started a brand new life in the united states.summer 1977: ari looked at his son with tears in his eyes. "it's because of him that i am alive, and i guess life is more precious then gold. i'm married to a lovely woman and i have a beautiful son" he thought. ari playfully picked up ari louis. "shall we go and have dinner with your momma?" he asked his son happily. "yeah!" cheered his son. "come on my boy! let's see that momma of yours!" said ari as he carried his son along the shore of the beach towards the estate. in all, ari's dreams had come true and for many years to come him and his lovely wife deborah lived comfortably with little ari louis and his three younger siblings who came along. ari could not ask more in life. his dreams had finally come true, and that's what would be called the true story of aristotle linarcos.



posted by veronica anne hearney at 2:30 am
1 comments






tuesday, april 04, 2006



	 
	 introduction
	 
    


introductionby veronica anne leemost people i'd ever come across to would say to me "what's 'the poseidon adventure'?" well for those who don't know, "the poseidon adventure" is the story of ten survivors who find their way up decks when the ship they were on, the ss poseidon, capsizes from tidal wave off the coast of greece. the movie also shows the survivors personal and intimate stories. although this film was made in 1972, eight years before i was born, i had a chance to watch it in 1992, and i've loved the movie ever since.what made me like such a movie that was before my time? well, it simply started with my father. he died when i was eight, and he was into the titanic disaster. after he died, my brother got into the titanic disaster. he brought home from school a children's book about the ship. that was the beginning of my love of ships. then one day in 1992, i saw the film for the first time on television, and i was very amazed about the movie and the storyline that from there on i kept watching it. from there on in, i've love disaster movies no matter what movie it was, from "twister" with helen hunt and bill paxton to "daylight" with sly stallone, and don't forget "the day after tomorrow"! i love the special effect of these movies, and not to mention the excitement!i decided to type these stories about the characters in the movie, how their lives were and so forth. i found my stories that i wrote about four years ago to be utterly remarkable. these tales also go beyond the movie, such as what happened after the survivors flown off in the helicopter, and also such as raising the ship from the bottom of the mediterreanean sea and restoring the ship back to its former glory but to only capsize again. these stories go beyond the intimate stories in the movie. when a person loves a movie like the original 1972 classic, like myself, one only wonders what the lives of the characters in the stories were like. the time is now for these characters stories to be heard. i am sure you will like these stories very much, and that it would inspire you to write a story about your favorite movie.lists of stories:(by character order)the story of aristotle linarcoscaptain harrison's last voyagereverend scott's escapaderogo's storythe rosens storythe james martin storynonnie's storythe adventures of robin and susan shelbyacre's storystraight from the manzetti profilesgina rowe's storythe merideth's storylarry's storythe king tritan adventureveronica anne leetuesday april 4th 2006



posted by veronica anne hearney at 8:25 am
0 comments











about me

name:  veronica anne hearney 
location:  browns mills, new jersey, united states 
i love to be creative and i love to express what's on my mind.
view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

captain harrison's last voyage
the story of aristotle linarcos
introduction

archives

april 2006
may 2006













