             
	los angeles dental society | american dental association
                                      



 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




about us







mission statement




board of directors




board committees




meet the staff






ce & events







calendar






member resources







join / renew




staffing your practice




classifieds




member benefits




mentorship program







mentor application




mentee application








news







ada news




cda news




lads publications






advocacy




patient resources







find a dentist




dental health faq




low cost dental clinics




mouthhealthy






  
            skip to main content
         





2025 la wildfires:
wildfire resources 









let your kids smile day

                        bringing healthy smiles to los angeles this saturday at clínica romero!

                            
learn more








radiation safety course

                        join our radiation safety course on saturday, february 22!

                            
learn more








study club: intraoral scanning

                        join us to explore the latest advancements in digital scanning, treatment planning, and esthetic restorations.

                            
learn more








responsibilities and requirements of prescribing schedule ii opioids

                        join us for this essential webinar on safe and compliant opioid prescribing

                            
learn more








sexual harassment prevention training

                        join us for this mandatory training to ensure compliance with california law and foster a respectful, harassment-free workplace.

                            
learn more








cpr/bls training

                        join us monday, april 7 to get your cpr/bls certification!

                            
learn more








managing medical emergencies in the dental office

                        join us april 8 as dr. yun helps you prepare your practice for the unexpected.

                            
learn more













welcome to the los angeles dental society!the los angeles dental society (lads) is a local component of the california dental association and the american dental association. we are dedicated to helping our member dentists provide excellent patient care and providing the los angeles community with dental resources and information.our member doctors serve central los angeles, encompassing the regions of bell, bell gardens, beverly hills, city of commerce, cudahy, downey, downtown la, hollywood, huntington park, koreatown, leimert park, los feliz, lynwood, maywood, mid-wilshire, silverlake, south gate, watts, and west hollywood.


lads foundationthe lads foundation was established to provide public benefit programs to the los angeles community. it is a separate 501(c)(3) charitable organization that supports the promotion of oral health and education. programs include scholarships for the usc dental students, grants to dental community clinics, and in-kind donations to oral health organizations.


lads events











                        radiation safety
                    

february 22, 2025 8:00 am - 12:00 pm

                    essential safety training for dental staff
                

add to:

outlook
ical
google calendar








                        let your kids smile day
                    

february 22, 2025 9:30 am - 12:30 pm

                    join us at clínica romero on saturday!
                

add to:

outlook
ical
google calendar








                        study club: intraoral scanning and how it is used in your office
                    

march 04, 2025 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm

                    gain practical insights into digital workflows for crowns, bridges, and implants.
                

add to:

outlook
ical
google calendar















                                lads newsletters
                            







                                low cost dental clinics
                            
















       

stay connected













 

   general information california dental association american dental association office address
los angeles dental society
3701 wilshire blvd., ste 520
los angeles, ca 90010 213-380-7669   sections about us ce events member resources news advocacy patient resources   resources accessibility     
                copyright © 2025 los angeles county dental society. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.    privacy policy   terms of use            "ada-bwt-national":"houseads"    
