


serena's guide to divination and fortune telling. readings, oracles






















menu


home


free readings +
free readings


 all readings
 quick readings - various
 in-depth readings - various
 in other languages




  divination methods +
  divination methods


all methods


 astrology +
 astrology


introduction
chinese astrology
daily horoscope
horary astrology
mayan astrology
tibetan astrology
vedic astrology
western astrology
star child
star parent


 biorhythms


 crystals +
 crystals


general
divination


  dice
dominoes
full moon meditation


  geomancy +
 geomancy


introduction
advanced
franz hartmann
sikidy (madagascar)


i ching
 kumalak
  lenormand cards
 lunar phases
  mahjong
  numerology
playing cards
  playing card meanings
  runes
 southern hemisphere
  spanish playing cards
 tarot cards
 tarot meanings
  tarot in other languages
 tea leaves
  tibetan beads
  unusual




  body reading +
  body reading


 all body readings


  face reading +
  face reading


general
compatibility




 palmistry +
 palmistry


aristotle
chinese palmistry
palmistry - general
vedic palmistry


   podomancy - feet
telaesthesia




  and more ... +
  and more ...




  articles +
  articles


are you psychic?
divination in the real world
star child
star parent


  jokes
  links
 about me
contact








 








divination and fortune telling





divination and fortune telling have been around as long as humanity. they have been popular practices for centuries, with people seeking guidance and insight into their future. from tarot readings and astrology to palmistry and crystal balls, there are many different methods of fortune telling from which to choose.

on this site, we will explore the different methods of fortune telling and give you the opportunity to get free readings. the methods used can be as uncomplicated as scratches in the sand to the complex calculations of intricate astrological charts. mankind has used knucklebones, entrails, sticks, stones and shells to divine the future. even marks drawn in the dust were consulted for portents of what was to come. later, dice and other man-made objects were used for the same purpose. virtually anything can be used for the purpose of divination, as long as you are consistent. 

over the centuries, these divinatory arts have consistently and reliably revealed the strengths and weaknesses of individuals as clearly as if the information was written in ink on their forehead.

love, money, fate and fortune are all revealed using these tried and true methods.

search serenapowers.com:









click here for free readings!
you'll find over 30 methods there to choose from,

or learn to do your own readings.
find out more about the meanings
and spreads of modern and 
traditional fortune telling methods.



get a live free chat now!




free readings 




we have a huge range of free readings for you to explore. you can pick and choose between quick readings or more in-depth readings. it's up to you.  

there are over 35 fortune telling methods to choose from. some will be very familiar, such as tarot cards and dominoes. other methods may be completely new to you, from the mahjong reading or the baraja española. find out the answers to your questions now! 
divination and fortune telling methods




learn to do your own readings for yourself and for others. find out more about the fascinating variations of oracles and fortune telling methods from around the world and through the ages.   

learn the meanings and the spreads of various fortune telling methods, including tarot cards, playing cards, baraja española, tea leaf reading, mahjong, crystals, dominoes, runes, tibetan bead counting and many more.




body reading


face reading also has a long history, dating back to the early chinese dynasties. known in china as xiàng miàn, it has been recognised and studied as a form of physiognomy in the west since classical times and probably earlier. many secrets show up in the face and all you need to know is how to read the clues. 

now when you spot someone across the room, you will be able to know so much much about their personality and motivations from just one look.
palmistry is one of the oldest and more well known of the divinatory arts. palmists abound in europe, asia and india. their expertise is based on thousands of years of knowledge. however not many people know that palmistry can reveal a person's personality and health.  

which fingers do you wear your rings on, and what does that say about you? what about the shape of your fingers? the lines on your hand? 
feet have been read for centuries in persia. for a new angle on an old subject, go to the podomancy page to get the low-down on your toes. from the shape and the length of the toes you can learn about someone's hidden personality. you'll never look at feet the same way again.

and more ...




• ever wondered... are you psychic?
• and what about divination in the real world?
• does it matter if you live in the southern hemisphere when it comes to feng shui and wicca?
• read about how divination can be used for good or bad by people, depending on their intent.
• try the in depth etruscan oracle ®
• don't have time? go to the quick fortune teller for one quick reading!







new! get updates from serena powers!

email address 





 













legal notice:
serena's guide to divination assumes no liability or responsibility for any actions carried out based upon the advice given. all information offered in the course of a reading is offered as entertainment only. serena's guide to divination is not liable for your interpretation of the divination scripts offered at this site.

all contents © 2000-2025
serena's guide to divination
all rights reserved




privacy policy














 



 





