









crossroads - to transform communities in crisis with hope, life and truth.





















































home
what is crossroads?

what is crossroads?
where is crossroads
how crossroads works


stories
volunteers
partners

partners
endorsements


services and products

trainings and curricula
videos
seminars


contact








community impact
every school is an integral part of the surrounding community and has an impact in that community…
learn more 









parent to student
parental involvement is critical to helping students develop character in their lives.  due to the nature of the material, this component seeks to involve the parents of students…
learn more 









students to students
the student – student component, a key element of the strategy, organizes the students into small groups for reflection and interaction…
learn more 









teacher to students
the teacher – student component involves the teaching of the 30 lessons of the life at the crossroads curriculum – taught weekly during a regular class period…
learn more 









teacher training conference
the teacher training conference introduces teachers, administrators, medical professionals, social services professionals, and a variety of persons working with youth-related programs to the crossroads philosophy and the life at the crossroads curriculum…
learn more 









youth at risk


“what’s wrong with our youth?”
this question in all its variations resounds from every community across the globe.  read more »
how we help
“after 35 years in education, i’ve come to realize that all we’ve done is create literate criminals!  why?  we failed to teach them character..." read more »
results

since our first training in 1996, crossroads has trained well over 50,000 teachers in 76 countries how to teach our life at the crossroads life skills and character curriculum.  read more »
services and products


strategy consultation
life at the crossroads, life skills and character curriculum
short films

read more »

about crossroads
crossroads is a strategy that provides educational, character, health and spiritual solutions to communities overwhelmed by social crises among youth.  the crossroads training and life skills and character curriculum equips community leaders to address the whole person – helping youth make wise choices, changing lives and restoring communities to health.   read more »
make a difference
you can be involved with crossroads in several ways:

volunteer
connect with us
learn to teach
give financially

read more »

mission statement
transforming communities with hope, life and truth

connect with us
if you would like to know more about crossroads or to connect with one of our country coordinators, please contact us.

copyright © 2025 · outreach pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in


