








cpl business consultants - ingredients strategy & transactions




























































 

 







skip to content






 info@cplconsult.com
 +44 1865 257 252 (uk)
 +1 872 216 6963 (usa)




















about cpl

cpl differentiators cpl experience the cpl team cpl case studies cpl in the media cpl on social media cpl at trade shows
sector expertise

animal health and nutrition

acquisitions, planning and strategy animal feed and petfood breeding and genetics 
 bioagriculture and crop protection

biopesticides – market studies biopesticides – single-client studies crop protection fertilisers and biofertilisers pest control genes water utilisation 
 biotechnology

co-stream utilisation enzymes fermentation genetically modified organisms university projects 
 food ingredients

acidifiers, emulsifiers, preservatives and vitamins acquisitions, planning and strategy baking dairy environmental labelling fibre flavours and colours hydrocolloids sugars sweeteners 
 nutraceutical and health ingredients

digestive health glycaemic health heart health immune health nutricosmetics and cosmeceuticals weight management 

functional expertise

for business developers for cfos and financial services clients for corporate strategists for regulatory specialists for research and development executives for sales & marketing executives
contact cpl

contact cpl meet cpl visit cpl
cpl executive searchtoggle website search











menu
close

















 
cpl-business-consultants-private-equity-strategy“throughout our long-standing relationship, the cpl team has provided us with valuable market insights based on their commercial experience and technical understanding.”
director of scientific affairs,major international ingredients company, ukproject enquirycpl-business-consultants-ingredients-strategy“cpl can provide sound business advice rapidly even in complex technological sectors.”
senior business development director,global manufacturing company, the netherlandsproject enquirycpl-business-consultants-due-diligence“cpl provided valuable insight which significantly helped with our due diligence process.”
partner,private equity, europeproject enquirycpl-business-consultants-biotechnology-strategy"cpl helped us to quantify the significant added value our company offers and design a robust business model to valorise this.”
global managing director,agriculture companyproject enquirycpl-business-consultants-corporate-strategy“marketing’s mission is to help create, refine and transport values from producer to customer. cpl greatly supported us in assessing, structuring and diversifying our values portfolio.”
international marketing and communications manager,agricultural geneticsproject enquiry 



 











welcome to 



cpl business consultants 



cpl business consultants provides consultancy on strategy, markets and technology for business development and transactions, specialising in ingredients for food, health and nutrition, dietary supplements, animal feed, petfood, agriculture, cosmetics, fine chemicals and pharmaceuticals. 
we deliver high-quality work, insightful information, robust fact-based analysis, prudent advice and real action plans to a global client base.
over 300 case studies of our consultants’ strategy projects for private clients are outlined on this website. with over 35 years of corporate experience, cpl business consultants is the leading boutique b2b strategy consultancy for ingredients and other inputs.
finalist, service provider of the year – nutraingredients awards. 












 

 






dr robert harwood, managing director, provides a brief overview of of cpl’s strengths and capabilities 






















cpl differentiators














cpl experience














book appointment



















featured projects 



some examples of cpl business consultants’ projects are shown below. please use the search box above or click on sector expertise or functional expertise to find examples of our work which are relevant to your needs. not all projects are shown on this website, so please contact us for further details of our experience.  








 
ao03


plant sterol and stanol markets

read more plant sterol and stanol markets






 
aq09


precision fermentation technical due diligence

read more precision fermentation technical due diligence






 
aq08


fishmeal replacement protein market

read more fishmeal replacement protein market






 
aq07


custom nutritional premixes – growth strategy

read more custom nutritional premixes – growth strategy






 
ar05


pricing model for a novel protein ingredient

read more pricing model for a novel protein ingredient






 
au00


animal feed additives company due diligence

read more animal feed additives company due diligence
















view sector expertise










view functional expertise



















cpl at trade shows 



cpl participates in various industry-specific trade shows, industry events and scientific conferences.  some of the events included in our calendar are shown below. please contact us to arrange a meeting at a show.  










																			12 nov, 2024																	



scs formulate
coventry, 12-13 november 2024


view detail scs formulate




 






																			19 nov, 2024																	



food ingredients europe (fi europe)
frankfurt, 19 – 21 november 2024


view detail food ingredients europe (fi europe)




 






																			tbc																	



campden bri day
chipping campden, tbc 2024


view detail campden bri day




 










view all events















#cplconsult 



follow cpl business consultants (#cplconsult) on linkedin, twitter, instagram and facebook for news, insights and commentary.  











view more from social media



















how can we help you? 



please let us know how we can help you. please feel free to contact us. 














project enquiry














introduction














brochure














case studies




















contact us do you have any feedback or comments about this website?
email: info@cplconsult.com
uk: +44 1865 257 252
usa: +1 872 216 6963



opens in a new tabopens in a new tabopens in a new tabopens in a new tabopens in your application 

 

sector expertiseanimal health and nutrition
bioagriculture and crop protection
biotechnology
food ingredients
nutraceutical and health ingredients
 


functional expertisefor business developers
for cfos and financial services clients
for corporate strategists
for regulatory specialists
for research and development executives
for sales & marketing executives
 






terms and conditions
privacy policy
disclaimer
contact cpl



				© 2013-2025 cpl business consultants. all rights reserved.			









close menu



about cpl

cpl differentiators
cpl experience
the cpl team
cpl case studies
cpl in the media
cpl on social media
cpl at trade shows


sector expertise

animal health and nutrition

acquisitions, planning and strategy
animal feed and petfood
breeding and genetics


bioagriculture and crop protection

biopesticides – market studies
biopesticides – single-client studies
crop protection
fertilisers and biofertilisers
pest control genes
water utilisation


biotechnology

co-stream utilisation
enzymes
fermentation
genetically modified organisms
university projects


food ingredients

acidifiers, emulsifiers, preservatives and vitamins
acquisitions, planning and strategy
baking
dairy
environmental labelling
fibre
flavours and colours
hydrocolloids
sugars
sweeteners


nutraceutical and health ingredients

digestive health
glycaemic health
heart health
immune health
nutricosmetics and cosmeceuticals
weight management




functional expertise

for business developers
for cfos and financial services clients
for corporate strategists
for regulatory specialists
for research and development executives
for sales & marketing executives


contact cpl

contact cpl
meet cpl
visit cpl


cpl executive search






 












manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 








































