










tucson garden railway society


















tucson garden railway society




home
calendar of events
layout displays

tgrs displays
special events
member layouts
non-tgrs displays


wanderings
community projects
tgrs in the news
links of interest

buildings, people, etc.

bridgemasters
eaglewings iron craft
ozark miniatures
railroadave
stoneworks


manufacturers

bachmann trains
lionel
usa trains


miscellaneous

da trains! railroad data
daylight sales (t-shirts, mugs, etc.)
george schreyer's large scale trains page
license plate maker
model decal depot
model railroader magazine
operation lifesaver
railroads of arizona map
railserve (index to 19,000+ railroad sites)
small stuff's print mini (1/24 scale patterns)
tucson miniature society
world's greatest hobby


model train groups

arizona big train operators
bay area garden railway society
florida garden railway society
gadsden-pacific division toy train operating museum
greater cincinnatti garden railway society
greater vancouver garden railway club
ottowa valley garden railway society
shasta garden railway society
washington, virginia & maryland garden railway society


parts and supplies

dallee electronics
evan designs
g scale graphics     (electronics and lettering)
innovative train technology
micro fasteners
shourt line


places of interest

arizona railway museum
southern arizona transportation museum


retailers

black forest hobby supply
hammond toys
reindeer pass
trainli
trainworld
upland trains




information

tgrs news archive
garden railroading news
tgrs club information
modeling articles
"how to" clinics
boy scout merit badge


how to join
downloads
what's new
club roster
send us email













            the next monthly meeting of tgrs will be
			on saturday, march 15th,2025
			at 11330 e. concho circle 85749
            trains run at 11am, meeting at 12 noon
        





the tucson garden railway society is a non-profit corporation established in 1994 and incorporated in pima county, arizona. members are interested in all areas of garden and modular large-scale model railroading. members build outdoor layouts at their homes that feature waterfalls, mountains and towns well populated with model people and animals.  some feature special time periods, humor and fantasy.

the club promotes model railroading, preservation of railroad history and railroad safety throughout the tucson metropolitan area.  we have designed, donated, built and continue to maintain  several community project displays thruoughout tucson.  these include the diamond children's hospital, the tucson children's museum, the rodeo parade museum, the tucson botanical gardens and the southern arizona transportation museum.

we also have a large modular layout that we take annually to the pima county fair and the veteran's administration hospital for multi-day displays.  in addition we have created a smaller "children's layout" that we take to train shows and children's charity events throughout the year.

as an annual fund raiser, the tucson garden railway society hosts a "rails in the garden" open house tour with several of our member families layouts open to the public.  cash donations are accepted and are shared with the community food bank of southern arizona.

	
     

click here to see all of the upcoming events at the southern arizona transportation museum


tucson garden railway society is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.





