







friends research institute – advancing research to promote health and well-being


















































































































500pxsocial research center

about social research center
src research staff
src research projects


friends community center

about friends community center
fcc leadership
fcc staff
fcc research projects


epoch counseling center
cog analytics
 




menuabout usmission and historyinstitutional environmentboard of directorsexecutives and corporate staffresearch scientistssponsorsawardslinks closeresearchsocial research centerabout social research centersrc research staffsrc research projects closefriends community centerabout friends community centerfcc leadershipfcc stafffcc research projects close closetreatmentepoch counseling centerfriends getting off closegrants administrationcontact ussearch




menu


menu



 






previousnext12345


click here to learn more about the fri’s heal jcoin grant entitled: a comparative effectiveness trial of extended-release naltrexone versus extended-release buprenorphine with individuals leaving jail.




research
for over 60 years, researchers at fri have received federal, state, county, and private funding to conduct studies in the fields of substance abuse, health, hiv/aids, mental health, and criminal justice. recent social research has focused on the development and assessment of innovative strategies in pharmacotherapy, psychosocial treatments, bio-behavioral hiv interventions, and prevention.


treatment
fri operates service projects and conducts research studies in los angeles, california through friends community center. these projects and studies are primarily focused on providing hiv and substance abuse prevention services to out-of-treatment substance users as well as methamphetamine abuse treatment for treatment-seeking users.


grants administration
by managing all of the functions of grants administration, beginning with the pre-award process through completion of the research project, fri allows scientists to focus on their research. this division of labor relieves the researchers of the necessary, but extremely time-consuming, work of grants management and allows them to concentrate on their work.


news & announcements

spotlight
dr. hochstatter receives r21 award

news
fri research published in jamadr. jan gryczynski selected as vice president of fri


smoking cessation symposia




publications
smith, l. r., faragó, f., blue, t., witte, j. c., gordon, m. s., & taxman, f. s. (2024). are operations backed by best practices in american problem-solving courts? journal of substance use, 1–7. https://doi.org/10.1080/14659891.2024.2403080..


bmoresafe



   

 friends research institute, inc.
1040 park avenue, suite 103
baltimore, maryland 21201
410.837.3977 or 1.800.705.7757
fri@friendsresearch.org

 
 



 for investigators     for employees     fcoi policy







© copyright - friends research institute. site by academic web pages






scroll to top























































