

subaru svx .com


























































































































newest items:
april 22, 2002
working on the site redesign. it will have much of the same 
        "look" but will have more content. currently i'm working on 
        revamping the picture area.
the revised site should be live in june, 2002.
feb. 7, 2002
      i have temporarily halted sales of svx merchandise on my site. i will resume 
      sales when i can meet demand and have the time to do so. thanks for your 
      support! 
      about 50 images added to 
        the black svx pictures (pages 5 and 6)
        1/2/02
links updated 12/27/01


motorsport 
        warehouse is the main company that specializes in svx modification 
        parts.

in july 2002 over 100 svx owners will converge on a small 
        town in indiana to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the svx. be a part 
        of this historic event. contact larry 
        singer or take a look at the agenda.

best tire for the svx


1st place:
          yokohama avs db
          $100 - $125


2nd place:
          pirelli p7000
          $110 - $145

both are quiet, long wearing, good all-weather tires
tires to avoid:

dunlop sp 8000
goodyear gs-d

both are loud



it's easy to create a link on 
        your site to subarusvx.com
  


 


welcome to subarusvx.com
a site with complete information on
        subaru's luxury/performance car
 
the svx was subaru's attempt to enter the once-popular luxury/performance 
        car category. the prototype was designed by renowned designer giorgetto 
        giugiaro of italdesign. subaru produced around 25,000 svxs from 1992 through 
        1997 (about 14,000 of these were imported to the united states).
the most striking feature of the car is the windows. the window design 
        of the svx was created with the goal of good aerodynamics, unobstructed 
        visibility, and a distinctive appearance. the car sold for between $28,000 
        and $35,000.
i own a 1994 ls and i've never had a car that's been more fun. it gets 
        looks from people where ever i go and the reactions are great. if you 
        can imagine a face that says "what the hell is that??!" then 
        you know the expressions i see every day as i drive around town. my svx 
        has almost caused three accidents in the past two years from drivers looking 
        at my car and not the road. it's like having an affordable exotic car.

on the downside...because of its rarity, parts are relatively expensive. 
        and every car has its own set of predictable problems. the svx has three 
        main faults: transmission failure, wheel bearing failure, and warped rotors. 
        the rotor problems are caused by the sheer weight of the svx--3,600 pounds. 
        subaru had never made such a heavy car and did not equip them with rotors 
        to match. the transmission and wheel bearings fail prematurely but corrections 
        can be made to extend their life. these and other issues are addressed 
        in the faq section of this website.

i only point out its flaws because if you're planning on buying a subaru 
        svx, you should be aware of its good and bad points. if you know the potential 
        problems going in, then you won't be surprised if they come up. but don't 
        let the problems scare you away. the svx is a great car that one magazine 
        called "a cross between porsche engineering and jaguar refinement." 
        check out the links at the top of the page to learn more about this wonderful 
        car. 




 


