



  








zakopane - local life | your travel and ski guide to zakopane, poland
 





















login



zakopane















zakopane rocks! 

 photo:   roztoka






 events map places guide articles photos restaurants weather 




local lifezakopane








zakopane, poland's premier mountain resort, is one of the country's most popular holiday destinations, both in the winter for skiing and in the summer for hiking and camping. zakopane has long been a playground for poles and travellers from eastern europe, but is just now being discovered by the rest of the world for its splendid natural scenery, world-class ski slopes, and great value-for-the-money hotels and apartments. read more 









restaurants

39






hotels

113






pubs & clubs

24






shopping

14






entertainment

30






culture

12






services

16





+ add place











latest articles







sport things to do

ski & snowboard lessons



						updated 22nd oct						•
						 2 min 
													•
							
							87											










guide

zakopane town



						updated 27th may						•
						 3 min 
													•
							
							11											










culture history

wooden churches



						updated 27th may						•
						 3 min 
													•
							
							5											





more articles







 

ever popular with poles, zakopane is now quickly becoming a popular spot for visitors from further afield. check out our travel section for details of how to get to the town, the info section for a brief history of the town and poland, as well as current weather details. plus there's also a brief guide to the polish language, polish news, and a map of zakopane to get you sorted. and don't forget our culture pages to explain all that thigh-slapping mountain music!
whether you're just booked to travel or already in zakopane, we're here to help you make the very best of your stay. although we work in krakow we spend our weekends in zakopane, and look forward to passing on all the best information and tips about the place, so that you'll have as much fun there as we do! and as long as you're in the area, you should give warsaw, gdansk and wroclaw a shot as well!
we're always working hard to improve the site - adding new stuff everyday: from information about ski conditions in zakopane, through independent reader reviews, all the way to our own insider's travel tips. as always, we try to be honest but not too serious. we won't stop until we've compiled the best guide to this great town.
we really value your comments and suggestions - so get in touch and let us know what you think about zakopane, what you'd like to see on the site, and any other great bits of information you think we should know about.
see you on the slopes! (or in the bars, more likely)...

if you're heading for the hills, look out for zakopane life's maps. this season we're returning with a brand new trails map, and best of all its absolutely free! 

quicklinks



									skiing in zakopane								



									snow conditions								



									snowmobiles!								



									the tatras								



									zakopane museums								



									hasior gallery								



									nightlife								



									zakopane hotel guide								



									piste maps								



									polish tatry								



									krakow hotels								



									moscow life								



									berlin life								



									vysoke tatry								



									vienna guide								



									zakopane poland								



									nosalowy dwor								













									local life zakopane								

guidearticleseventsnewsphotosmapweather 





									places
								



restaurants

										(39)
									


hotels

										(113)
									


pubs & clubs

										(24)
									


shopping

										(14)
									


entertainment

										(30)
									


services

										(16)
									


culture

										(12)
									








									about & contact
								




										about us
									



										advertise on local life
									



										partners
									



											iphone app & pdf
										



											resources
										



										contact
									



																			+48 693 275 035
																	


contact@local-life.com









privacy policy | terms and conditions


						all rights reserved 2002-2025 © lifeboat ltd.
					





















