







lakota language consortium - revitalizing the lakota language























































































































 skip to content









wičháho blihélya podcastblognewsletterfaqscontact us 












  


search for:








learn become a learnerbooks & medianew lakota dictionarylakota grammar handbooktextbookspicture booksberenstain bearslakota audio serieschildrens’ songsdigital resourcesnew lakota dictionary appowóksapelakota keyboardlakota media playerlakota vocab buildereventslakota summer instituteteach become a teacherclassroom materialsget involved take actionlakota forumowóksape villagedonateabout understanding the issueour role and impactour teamnewsbookstorelearn become a learnerbooks & medianew lakota dictionarylakota grammar handbooktextbookspicture booksberenstain bearslakota audio serieschildrens’ songsdigital resourcesnew lakota dictionary appowóksapelakota keyboardlakota media playerlakota vocab buildereventslakota summer instituteteach become a teacherclassroom materialsget involved take actionlakota forumowóksape villagedonateabout understanding the issueour role and impactour teamnewsbookstore 









 





new lakotadictionary3rd edition 
							the largest and most comprehensive lakota dictionary, available now. 
							learn more 


 


speak lakota! 
levels 1-5 
							the complete set of lakota  textbooks for your language learning journey 
							




learn more 
 


lakota picture books 
							enrich your lakota learning experience  with our diverse collection of stories and activity books 
							

learn more 
 








 




hometlc admin2024-02-01t19:10:36-05:00 
new executive director & board chair on 20th anniversary milestonethe lakota language consortium (llc) board of directors is pleased to announce a transition in leadership on its 20th anniversary. we welcome alex firethunder as executive director and tipiziwin tolman as the board chair. ben black bear jr. will continue to serve as the board vice chair. llc’s mission is to create innovative educational resources and opportunities to learn and use the lakota language. 
this monumental change puts lakota leadership at the forefront and honors vision of it’s founders read more about this transition here.
 taŋyáŋ yahí! lakota language consortium (llc) is a nonprofit organization made up of community leaders, linguists, educators, and volunteers. our mission is to support the revitalization and preservation of lakȟótiyapi by working to increase the total number of new speakers. we focus on developing language learning materials, training teachers, and promoting a vibrant and positive language community. 
since 2004,  these materials have assisted over 20,000 students across more than 60 school systems in the region and have contributed to healthy language-learning communities. our teacher training programs have helped expand community capacity for advanced instruction in the language – utilizing effective methods and integrating contextual learning and grammar.
overall, our goal is to support the language learning community with the materials, resources, and the events needed to speak and utilize the lakota language in everyday life.
embrace the language: 
 choose a path and learn more!
become a learner
become a teacher
join the cause
0+owóksape users0+students reached0+textbooks distributed0+lakota app downloads0+youtube views on lakota bearslanguage is healing – iyápi kiŋ phežúta yeló

the lakota language consortium works to increase the number of lakota speakers by providing innovative educational materials, learning opportunities, and promoting a positive version of a lakota language future.
we hope you find the resources and information beneficial as you learn the lakota language. there are materials and tools available to guide you at any stage of the journey. start with our introduction page to see what is available.

explore resources stay updated on the latest news
sign up here



 
 
helpful links
learn lakota
teach lakota
about llc
understanding the issue

learning materials
desktop software
mobile software
new lakota dictionary
donate today!
click the button below to check out all of our donation options.
donationslearn lakotateam lakotadonate today© copyright 2021  |  all rights reserved  |  lakota language consortium
© copyright 2021  |  all rights reserved  |  lakota language consortium




 
 



page load link














































































































go to top




