




















 



mrc | merchant risk council

















































who we are 



about mrc


our people


mrc boards


mrc staff




contact us



news & press


member news


mrc blog


mrc news


press releases




career opportunities



gift shop






sign up for email newsletter
receive mrc updates, and stay connected!
subscribe





membership



why join mrc?


membership types


membership application


join existing membership


membership directory


solution provider showcase



member-only benefits


community groups


slack channels


mentor program








two ways to join:
apply for a new company membership
subscribe under an existing company membership

join today





events



events calendar


about our events


conferences


mrc vegas


mrc barcelona


mrc são paulo


mrc melbourne




regional networking events


mrc connects





virtual summits






women in payments & fraud




webinars


speaking opportunities


sponsorship opportunities






search our events calendar
view calendar





learning 



professional development


complimentary courses


on demand courses


in-person learning





resource center


barcelona presentations


vegas presentations


demo theater on demand


glossary





mrc exclusive reports


mrc global payments and fraud report


paladin vendor reports


southeast asia digital commerce








cpfpp guided prep program 
boost your confidence and knowledge with our new expert-led program.

enroll now





certification



certified payments & fraud prevention professional


overview


certification path


eligibility requirements


recertification


continuing education





about the exam


about the exam


technical requirements




cpfpp directory



study for the exam




mrc guided prep program 


certification prep course by glenbrook




faqs






cpfpp guided prep program 
boost your confidence and knowledge with our new expert-led program.
enroll now





advocacy



advocacy


latest wins & outcomes


abecs brazil 3ds mandate


rba interchange surcharging


reserve bank of india


psd2/sca


psd3


first-party misuse (friendly fraud)


cybercrime


card network updates








join the advocacy, policy & compliance community group

get involved












                english
            











                            english
                        




                                english
                            







my account


login










 













contact us


join mrc



join existing membership


new company application






 














master the essentials


unlock your potential in the world of payments and fraud prevention with our two comprehensive courses — payment essentials and fraud essentials. complimentary access for mrc members.

learn more










join us at mrc barcelona 2025!


connect, learn & explore the future of european payments & fraud prevention.

save your spot










mrc são paulo 2025


join us 14-15 april 2025 at mrc’s inaugural latin american conference. discover insights, build connections, and explore strategies shaping the industry. early bird pricing ends 25 february!

save my spot










mrc vegas 2025: celebrating 25 years of community


join us for the biggest fraud and payments event of the year, where industry leaders connect, innovate, and shape the future of our industry. 

register now










advance your career: become certified in payments and fraud prevention today!


the certified payments and fraud prevention professional (cpfpp) credential is the first-ever industry-standard certification.

 apply today











who we are


the
merchant risk council (mrc) is the preeminent global non-profit association
dedicated to safeguarding the integrity of e-commerce through deep expertise in
fraud prevention, payments processing, and risk management. as a pivotal nexus
for e-commerce fraud and payments professionals, solution providers, and brands
spanning all sizes, mrc stands at the forefront of industry innovation and
education.


 









become an mrc member today

                join a vibrant community of ecommerce professionals from across the globe and get exclusive access to payments and fraud prevention events, education, networking, and more valuable benefits you can’t get anywhere else.
                

become a member
explore benefits
















        20+

  years of merchant advocacy



        4

  global regions



        775+

  global member organizations



        525+

  merchant members



        10,000+

  payments and fraud management professionals



 










                mrc education elearning courses 


                
the mrc is the go-to place for payments and fraud prevention education. our elearning platform provides self-guided online learning opportunities focused on critical industry topics. explore our extensive catalog of elearning courses, expand your knowledge, and earn cpe credits today.


            
explore courses


 









            there are very few places where you have a question you feel is unsolvable and someone else in that community will say, "i'm dealing with that now, and here’s my take on it."  
        

            chima odunze
        
ancestry.com









            being part of the mrc is fantastic, because you have a network of people that you can reach out to in safety and in security, and those people will be coming to you, asking you questions, and that sense of sharing in a safe environment...that’s been so important for all of us.  for anybody out there that is not part of this community, if you’re a payments and fraud professional, you need to be part of it. it’s only when you become part of it that you really see the value.  
        

            micheál egan
        
ding









            the mrc community has provided me with an army of people that i can rely on to give me an answer to just about any question. you can lean on those connections and that network to really build your solutions, build your strategy...and evolve.
        

            brigette korney
        
groupon









            the mrc is a forum where merchants can collaborate with each other, can talk to all the solution providers, and touch base with all the different payments stakeholders. it’s a great collaboration opportunity.
        

            leo xue
        
microsoft







news & press






feb 07, 2025


                                merchant risk council wins industry achievement award at the card & payments awards 2025
                            

                                the merchant risk council (mrc) celebrates its 25th anniversary by winning the prestigious industry achievement award at the card & payments awards 2025, recognizing its impact on global payments and fraud prevention.
                            










nov 04, 2024


                                recording: fighting fraud - essential education for payment professionals 
                            

                                dive into "fighting fraud: essential education for payment professionals," presented by the merchant risk council (mrc) and checkout. this session explores the latest fraud prevention challenges, including account takeovers and refund abuse, while highlighting the fraud essentials course sponsored by checkout. gain valuable insights from industry leaders on leveraging education and collaboration to combat global e-commerce fraud trends effectively.
                            










jul 10, 2024


                                fighting friendly fraud: new approaches for beleaguered merchants
                            

                                when you think about a disputed card charge, most people’s minds go directly to identity theft and criminal scams. but most chargebacks don’t fit into that category. rather, they are what has come to be known as first-party misuse, or “friendly fraud.”
                            










jun 24, 2024


                                recording: look out, there's a new c-suite role: meet the chief payments officer - linkedin live event 24 june 2024
                            

                                watch the recording of a live fireside chat featuring mrc ceo julie fergerson and checkout.com cmo rory o’neill as they discuss their partnership for the payment essentials course. learn about their mission to educate and empower future payment leaders, and the significance of this collaboration for the payments community.
                            







more mrc news and press

 



upcoming mrc events


view all events




 





















who we are


membership


events


learning


get certified


advocacy


resource center


contact us


join the mrc


login







sign up for mrc updates.
get started 






7ed71aaa-a3d1-4735-809f-3783cab8f485










                copyright © 2025 merchant risk council
            


terms of service


privacy policy


membership terms and conditions




 







 





