

















gensler | creating a better world through the power of design

































gensler
















gensler













            research & insights                          








gensler research instituteunlocking design solutions to navigate a changing world.  learn more

latest research & insights



gensler research institute
overview
latest research & insights

 




 
 




featured topics




office to residential conversions




work & the workplace




future of cities




sustainability & resilience




future of healthcare




design for equity




lifestyle experiences






in focus




dialogue blog




design forecast




climate action




research library




workplace surveys




webinars




podcasts

















            expertise                          






aviation




brand design




build to suit & headquarters




building transformation & adaptive reuse




cities & urban design




climate action & sustainability




consumer goods




critical facilities




culture & museums




digital experience design




education




energy




entertainment




financial services




foundations, associations & organizations




government & defense




healthcare




hospitality




industrial & logistics




media




mixed use & retail centers




mobility & transportation




office developers




product development




professional services




residential




retail & consumer experience




sciences




senior living




sports




strategy




technology




wellness








            projects                          







featured




all




by topic




by office

















            people                          







all




global co-chairs




co-ceos




board of directors




by topic




by office

















            offices                          







north america




atlanta




austin




baltimore




boston




charlotte




chicago




columbus




dallas




denver




detroit




houston




kansas city




la crosse




las vegas




los angeles




miami




minneapolis




morristown, nj




nashville




new york




newport beach




oakland




philadelphia




phoenix




portland




raleigh-durham




san antonio




san diego




san francisco




san jose




seattle




tampa




toronto




vancouver




washington, d.c.






latin america




bogotá




mexico city




monterrey




san josé, costa rica




santo domingo, dominican republic



 


europe




berlin




birmingham




london




munich




paris






middle east




abu dhabi




dubai




riyadh



  


greater china




beijing




hong kong




shanghai






asia pacific




bangalore




bangkok




mumbai




singapore




sydney




tokyo



 





            about                          






firm profile




services




sustainability




inclusion




community




press releases




in the media




recognition








            careers                      



            contact us                      




share














































































search



















 


 


 


 


 






design











for a radically changing world
















                a new book by gensler’s global co-chairs explores how design
                has the power to address the world’s most pressing challenges
            
read more


 
















































trending topics
2025 workplace trends
design for preparedness
conversions+™ by gensler
 























blog


            the new experiential hybrid          


          the new hybrid experience brings together the robust attributes of commerce, culture, and leisure, and recalibrates the urban experience.                  









blog


            what do consumers want? gensler’s u.s. consumer experience report uncovers key insights          


          gensler’s latest consumer research delves into how design can impact human experiences for the better.                  












press release


            gensler unveils visionary concept for al-ahly football club’s first home in cairo          


          gensler’s design aims to create a landmark venue that embodies the spirit of the al-ahly football club and acts as a cultural and economic catalyst for the region.                  



 





blog


            trends to watch: the future of entertainment in the built environment          


          gensler’s entertainment leaders discuss the opportunities shaping the future of entertainment, from immersive experiences to entertainment districts.                  



 





in the media


            how gensler’s co-ceo model offers a “blueprint for successful co-leadership”          


          inc. featured an extensive interview with co-ceos elizabeth brink and jordan goldstein by stephanie mehta, ceo and chief content officer of mansueto ventures.                  

           inc.        



 














 

video


            gensler expands its kansas city office to support the city’s robust growth and development          


          kansas city is in the midst of a development boom, signaling the right time to expand gensler’s office and provide innovative design solutions to a rapidly growing market.                  



 





blog


            how repositioning houston’s astrodome can serve as a model for aging sports and entertainment venues          


          a proposal to redevelop and repurpose the iconic stadium into a multi-use venue would preserve the building’s historic integrity while giving it new life.                  



 





blog


            the future is mixed use: how principles of mixed use design will restore our communities          


          here are four principles for creating mixed-use environments that will future-proof real estate.                  



 





blog


            the evolving role of hotels in retail-driven mixed-use environments          


          hotels within mixed use developments are becoming curated retail destinations and dynamic contributors to a vibrant urban experience.                  



 





blog


            the future of healthcare is anchored in its communities          


          community health hubs will play a vital role within an integrated ecosystem of health and care.                  



 





in the media


            shepley bulfinch and gensler will design nevada’s first comprehensive standalone children’s hospital          


          managing director candra mathis noted, “gensler is thrilled to bring our comprehensive knowledge of las vegas and our deep cross-disciplinary experience to this exciting project.”                  

           intermountain health        



 





research


            shared futures: corporate real estate executives’ strategies for 2025          


          this report combines various sources of data and findings to provide a forward-thinking perspective on cre professionals’ expectations, priorities, and planned actions as the industry adapts to evolving workforce needs.                  



 





in the media


            fast company covered how gensler is leading with creativity in the booming data center sector          


          gensler design manager joy hughes describes the explosive growth in data center projects and how creativity is helping these facilities become more sensitive to their surroundings.                  

           fast company        



 





blog


            why quality in commercial office space hinges on workplace experience          


          demand is surging for premium office environments that deliver an effective workplace and a great work experience.                  



 





blog


            how a new vision for flexible co-living conversions can support housing affordability          


          gensler and the pew charitable trusts studied building typologies in five cities to better understand the potential in this unique office-to-residential conversion model.                  



 





insight


            5 trends shaping design in 2025          


          here are the 5 most important and actionable themes shaping design in 2025, based on over 100 trends across 33 industries around the world.                  



 





insight


            gensler product sustainability standards 1.0          


          gensler has made a commitment to reduce the carbon emissions on our projects by 2030. a critical step in that process is setting sustainability standards for the products that we specify every day on behalf of our clients.                  



 





















view latest research
view dialogue blog






we are creating a better world through the power of design.





gensler is a global architecture, design, and planning firm with 57 locations across asia, europe, australia, the middle east, and the americas. every day we impact millions of people’s lives with the spaces we create, which is why people are at the center of everything we do. designing for the human experience is what allows us to tackle the toughest challenges facing cities and shape a more resilient and equitable future for everyone.
learn more about gensler












 




spotlight
the future workplace is here now




we know what a high-performing workplace looks and feels like — in 2025, it’s all about employee experience and inspiration.


beauty drives workplace performance


a field guide to authentic amenities


design for an evolving market


creating a multigenerational workplace




 












 

neiman marcus group dallas hub, dallas, tx








featured projects














            grand sierra resort reno arena          


          reno, nevada        

          gensler collaborated with meruelo group to transform the grand sierra resort into a destination where community, sports, and entertainment come together.                  











            al-ahly stadium          


          cairo, egypt        

          gensler has developed a concept design for a world-class, ground-up stadium for the al-ahly football club that redefines the fan experience, drives economic growth, and sets a new benchmark in sports architecture globally.                  











            capital one arena          


          washington, d.c.        

          downtown washington, d.c.’s premier sports and entertainment venue has entered a new chapter that solidifies the structure’s enduring legacy as the central hub of the city’s vibrant urban core.                  














want more of gensler’s design insights? sign up for our dialogue now newsletters to get regular updates sent directly to your inbox.
subscribe

















 




design your career with us
we grow our firm by growing our people — if you are a recent graduate or a seasoned designer who believes in the power of design, we invite you to search for opportunities and explore how you can reimagine the future with us.
join our team



 


 







contact gensler fact sheet guiding principles newsletter inclusion sustainability 

top of page 











    © 2025 gensler, all rights reserved  
    privacy statement  
    cookie preferences  
    transparency statement 
















