







we’re buying! - clovercity



















































skip to content





clovercity

rusty stuff from the puget sound











menu
skip to content













we’re buying! 


if you live in the pacific northwest we’ll come to you.
if you are in the seattle, bellevue, everett area we can be there within 48 hours to look at your collection. if you are located outside the greater puget sound area we can set up an appointment to view your items within a day or two. if you have an estate to clean out before you can sell the house we can recommend reputable contractors who can help you liquidate. we’re looking for specific items, but don’t throw the rest away – you’d be surprised what people want. the old adage “one mans junk is another mans treasure” is true.
some of the items we’re looking for:

boy scouts, girl scout & fraternal organizations including masons, eastern star, etc
luggage – gently used and vintage
leather goods
old pottery and glass bottles – small & large
old tins – coffee, tobacco, spice, etc
flatware, silverware, cutlery, cast iron & kitchen items
camping & sports equipment – gently used and vintage
canvas bags – army bags and backpacks
wood & metal boxes from utility boxes, tool boxes to jewelry & recipe boxes
camera, darkroom & photography equipment – including photos and old albums
old holiday items – halloween, christmas, thanksgiving
we love to buy just about anything marked: made in u.s.a.
mission & arts and crafts era items
collections
art glass, southwest pottery and ceramics

don’t throw it away till you have someone look at your stuff, most people throw away the items that sell with the belief that only ‘the furniture and jewelry’ is valuable. contact us to see if we may be buying before you start tossing money in the trash.






pages

about clovercity

about cindy shebley
press information – cindy shebley


blog
classes

selling online classes


we’re buying!

 



the clovercity blog


crafters – check out our selection of wooden stamps


pop-up flea market sale may 23 & 24th 2019


feature auction: c.c.b co creek chub bait co fishing lure cardboard circa 1930’s


featured auction: cutco knives


happy thanksgiving!


 









visit our ebay store 

visit our ebay store: clovercity sells

 

clovercity on etsy 
 

we’re buying! 

we’ll pay cash.

 

the pickers log book 
 












            copyright ©            2025 clovercity. all rights reserved.
    





