





chef gregory’s – estd 1997




























































skip to content








home
about us
gourmet me now recipes






 








 









services

holiday services
consulting
cooking classes


food items

products
corporate breakfast continental
canapes
plated and styled


contact us

help us help you








 












 









home
about us
gourmet me now

ginger soy dressing


services

consulting
cooking classes


items for catered events

holiday services
corporate breakfast continental
canapes


products
contact us
plated and styled
help us help you






 














 





welcome to  



chef gregory's estd 1997 



“when great service really matters” 










contact us














our products






















facebook-f
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 










about us 



welcome to chef gregory's estd 1997 



whether you are planning an intimate dinner with friends or a wedding reception for 300 guests, chef gregory’s gourmet catering is here to help. we are one of the leading catering service providers on the central coast. our mission is to provide all our clients with outstanding, innovative, high-quality services, no matter the size. we have been providing communities with delicious food since 1995. no project is too small or too big (well maybe) for our chefs,  we are happy to create any dish for your special occasion. 



our central coast professional catering service is owned and operated by a food enthusiast and a very experienced chef, whose passion resides in creating beautiful and delicious meals. our chef will deliver the most exquisite meals for you and your guests, from appetizers to desserts. our esteemed customers are always pleasantly surprised by how fresh and original our food creations are. chef gregory’s gourmet catering uses only the freshest ingredients cooked to perfection. 



you can trust chef gregory’s to cater to your special occasion. you are putting your trust in the hands of dedicated, passionate individuals whose goal is your entire satisfaction. we will gladly take the time to sit with you and plan a menu that suits your desires – and those of your guests. we will continually ask questions until we are satisfied that the menu suits your needs, not ours!  also, take into account the needs of your guests, such as food allergies and taste preferences. for those of you who know nothing about food but have selective tastes, chef gregory can create a menu that you’ll truly enjoy. every one of our customers is welcome to taste their meals before their special event so that you know exactly, what to expect on your big day. 



chef g has catered countless events, such as wedding receptions and rehearsal dinners, bar/bat mitzvahs, baby and bridal showers, and corporate events. we are fast, efficient, and dependable. we will make sure that your special day is made better with delicious and attractive foods. 



if you are in the central coast area and require a professional and highly praised catering service, please do not hesitate to contact chef gregory’s today. we will gladly schedule an appointment for you to meet our menu planner and design the perfect food for your perfect day. 















the food you eat should be perfect, and this is our responsibility
 



there is nothing nice about food that was cooked three hours ago and transported and then served to you as fresh. there’s nothing nice about slicing into a chicken breast that has a beautiful crust on it, on a well-presented plate, just to find out that the chicken breast is dry because it was overcooked. 




quality food



100%



 




various menus



90%



 



 our responsibility is to cook items to the proper degree of doneness (medium rare does not mean medium) and make sure that things are seasoned appropriately. you shouldn’t have to ask for salt and pepper at the table if we did our job well. 





 








more about us















 







 



 








20 years of experiences

 
















what we do 



premium catering services for your taste only 



									chef gregory’s is one of the leading catering service providers in the central coast area. our mission is to provide all our clients with innovative, high-quality services at competitive prices, no matter the size. hi this is chef gregory, and i must say that it’s very difficult for me to do poor food and service, i am a perfectionist a lot of the times and have such a strong eye for detail, i make certain that we prepare for days on and prior to an event making certain that when we get on-site there is nothing left to chance. and this means that in prepping for a sitdown dinner or buffet, there is usually 30 hours of work involved prior to getting to your place sometimes 50 hours and this includes making sure that all of the rentals are accounted for the color scheme is properly the flowers are organized the music is taken care of the bar is completely ready for service whether it’s glassware full bar service, no two events are alike and each one requires personal attention. i strive for success and i settle for nothing less. one of the things that i have found that is congruent with most of the clients that i’ve worked with is they say the same thing in this is what they say, “i’m sure glad we found you.” i can’t tell you how many times i’ve heard this after the events are finished, not to tute my own horn but in all honesty, i truly love what i do!!!								












corporate events

read more



 








wedding events

read more



 








social events

read more



 










all services
















our work 



our working proccess 



									help us help you plan a successful event, with the right amount of communication and plenty of integrity, sprinkled with a dash of kindness. we’ve got you covered from the time your guests arrive until they leave.								







01 




make an appointment

 








pay your catering

 



02 








enjoy your food

 



03 



























testimonial 



what they say 









i have used chef gregory’s gourmet catering for almost 2 decades now and each time he never disappoints. chef gregory is attentive to the details and prepares so well in advance that we do not have any lag time between bar service and dinner service. we hold large corporate events and spend a tremendous amount of time and effort in order to have year and celebrations and usually hold them at off-site premises because they’re too large for the corporate offices. gregory spends a tremendous amount of time on the details to make sure that all eyes are dotted and t’s are crossed. gregory always goes above and beyond to make certain that our events go off without a hitch from the rentals to the food to the service staff there is no stone is left unturned. i cannot recommend chef gregory’s gourmet catering enough, it is my pleasure to give him this review. best wishes in your adventures up north in the central coast area, i’m sure you’ll do well.

diane b. 
newport coast







“i have used chef gregory for many years for my annual holiday formal dinner. i just wanted to take a minute to tell you how wonderful everything always is for the party. gregory helps me craft a very special 5 course menu and wine pairings for each party. since many of the same guests come every year he is careful to change the menu to be unique for that event. everything is always superb and delicious & every other synonym in the book. the presentation is always flawless and the quality impeccable. i could go on & on, but it would become redundant real fast. gregory’s staff is always very professional and serve and clean up without being a distraction. i highly recommend chef gregory!”

sue pierce
businessman







we asked chef gregory to prepare an italian dinner for six (including our favorite, truffles pasta). he did not disappoint. the chef was organized, focused on meeting our expectations, and a lot of fun. everyone loved the flavors and presentation of chef’s creations. mike and barbara barbara

barbara c.
laguna beach







testimonials
"could you please send me gourmet me now...southwestern flair seasoning....two bottles will do....i love it and so does my husband.  i think you have my address...just send me a bill." - liz

"we have used gregory to cater our annual "black tie" dinner party for several years and plan to for several more years to come!  this is a very special event for us and it must be elegant and delicious. chef gregory and his friendly and professional staff have never failed to deliver a creative and new menu each year which is always a hit.  we would recommend using chef gregory for any event you have in mind you wont be disappointed!" - sue and jim pierce


"it is our privilege to offer the recommendation of chef gregory. he has planned and catered our firm christmas party for the past two years, in addition to private functions for the past several years. he is passionate about what he does and his creative genius, no detail left unattended and diverse, delicious, beautifully prepared food make him a perfect choice. palumbo bergstrom cannot thank you enough for another fabulous christmas party! it was absolutely beautiful, no detail was left unattended. the food was delicious. beginning with the unusual array of hour d’oeurves, diverse entrees and the piece de resistance-a 5 foot high chocolate fountain. chef gregory possesses remarkable culinary and organizational skills; a great sense of humor, his passion is evident. in addition, his staff was well trained, attentive and friendly. we are looking forward to our next event with chef gregory."
 

"gregory, thank you sooo much for the lovely party you catered for us.  the food was divine.  i will definitely use your services again and recommend you as well.                                                 
                                                                      
                                                                      i know you have a busy week with top chef, but please send me an invoice to my total balance due when you get a chance." - autumn

request a free estimate today!


 autumn
designation



 





















 





 



ready to book the catering for your special event? 






book now















discover our  other websites for your business needs 







chef gregory's barbecue smokehouse emporium 






visit our website











chef gregory's gourmet product 






visit our website




























 



chef gregory’s estd 1997“when great service really matters” 






 
6550 el camino real, atascadero, ca 93422



 
877-357-2433



 
sales@gourmetmenow.com










quick links 







 
about us





 
services





 
pricing





 
contact











useful links 







 
food items





 
products





 
gourmet me now





 
plated and styled











newsletter 



if you are interested to our service , please leave your email address and hit subscribe 














                send
            


 





payment :




 






 






 






 
















© 2022 chef gregory’s all rights reserved 







copyright © 2022. all right reserved. 










































