


bird ecology study group, nature society (singapore)


























    
	bird ecology study group, nature society (singapore)
	
  




sunday, january 28, 2007
  

 
  the blog has shifted
  

  


	 the blog has shifted
    


the bird ecology study group's blog has shifted to a new location to serve you better. please  follow this link to access the new blog where new postings are being made.at the same time we are leaving this blog, including the archives, until further notice.sorry for the inconvenience.thank you.



posted by yc @ 7:44 pm  
      
         6 comments










    

 
  sighting of sooty-headed bulbuls
  

  


	 sighting of sooty-headed bulbuls
    


 at about 4.00 pm on 12th december 2006, k.c. tsang sighted a small flock of the birds at the punggol grasslands just before the rain. as can be seen in the above image, the birds were caught in the rain, and trying to dry themselves.sooty-headed bulbuls (pycnonotus aurigasteris) is native to myanmar, south china and discontinuously through southeast asia to java. the first sighting of this exotic species was reported in the early 1920s. the bird was recorded on and off, albeit rarely, throughout the remaining part of the century. a small feral population appears to have established in tampines since 2003. obviously the bird is breeding successfully. according to our bird specialist r. subaraj, “sooty-headed bulbuls (both gold-vented and red-vented forms) have occurred as escapees for many years now due to their popularity in the bird trade. “in the 1970s, a feral population established itself and the species was listed on the singapore checklist but that population apparently died out and the bulbul was subsequently removed from the list. “there now appears to be a feral population in the punggol-serangoon area and a breeding record seems to have been obtained. as a result, it was been reinstated on to the singapore checklist as a feral species in october.”input and image by k.c. tsang.labels: species



posted by yc @ 12:03 am  
      
         3 comments






saturday, january 27, 2007
  

 
  jerdon's baza: fourth sighting
  

  


	 jerdon's baza: fourth sighting
    


 “on 1st jan, new year day, i was alone birding at lim chu kang as the usual birding kaki were either overseas or suffering from hang-over from the previous year's indulgence.“just before 9.00 am, i caught sight  of a raptor perched on a bare branch of an albizia tree (paraserianthes falcataria). through the scope, the white tipped blackish crest was outstanding. i took a few shots but the bird had its back to me and the sun was not really favourable.“happy to have sighted the jerdon baza (aviceda jerdoni), i took a loop trail hoping to get in front of it to have a better view but lost it. shortly before 9.30 am i received a recall msg from home and had to turn back. on the way out, the raptor was back at the same perch. perhaps another day. “viewing the not so sharp id picture, there were doubts about the obvious shaded eye band of the bird -  could it be a juvenile rufous-bellied eagle (hieraaetus kienerii)? the best way was go find it again!  “the following morning jia sheng was with me at lim chu kang. moments after arrival, we spotted the raptor but it flew off (mid-canopy flight) in the opposite direction. happy it was around, we continued with our birding routine hoping it would return. around 11 am we decided to leave. on the way out, the raptor flew in and landed on a tree just behind me. out of the tree another raptor flew off. there were two of them! the raptor which flew off landed on the same bare branch as previous but this time there was no eye band but again, its back was facing us. after a few shots it flew off.“following the flight, we spotted both raptors in a cluster of albizia trees.  they were behaving like what i've observed of parents and fledged juvenile white-bellied sea eagle (haliaeetus leucogaster). the juvenile raptor was trying to get close to the adult but every time it did, the adult would fly off, though never too far away. “later with the help of some experienced birders and sharper pictures taken by jia sheng, there was consensus about the raptors as an adult and a sub-adult.  however, there was no frontal picture of the adult raptor. hopefully someone could id the sub-species.” happy birding,danny lau & lau jia sheng.this extremely rare passage migrant was spotted around the same area in early december 2006, the third time seen locally (see 1, 2 and 3). the current sighting by danny lau and his son jia sheng, less than a month later, would make it the fourth.  our bird specialist, r. subaraj has this to say: "actually, the jerdon's baza was always considered a sendentary resident until the first one turned up as a roadkill a few years ago. as there are only 4 records (i have only seen 2 photographed records), it is too premature to determine the true status of this species. thus, we should not say passage migrant as we are unable to confirm this yet. i would consider this bird a scarce visitor for now until we can formulate a better impression with more confirmed records."input and images by danny lau and his son jia sheng.labels: species



posted by yc @ 2:15 pm  
      
         2 comments






friday, january 26, 2007
  

 
  oriental pied hornbill: courtship at changi
  

  


	 oriental pied hornbill: courtship at changi
    


“oriental pied hornbills (anthracoceros albirostris) (above), tanimbar corellas (cacatua goffini) and red-breasted parakeets (psittacula alexandri) making loud squawking and screeching sounds got me to abandon my figging at turnhouse road in changi last week.  “the birds all seemed to have a stake in the two heritage trees (above); the parakeet flew in and then out. eventually the corellas settled for the smaller cavity in the gluta malayana while the bigger hornbills claimed the bigger hollow in the shorea gibbosa tree.  “the male hornbill waited outside while his female disappeared into the shorea cavity (above, left). after a while he flew off and brought back a red fruit, possibly jumbu bol (syzygium malaccense) which he fed to the female when she peered out from the tree-hole (above, right). it must be quite spacious in there because the male had to dip his head right into the hollow before she reappeared. they flew off after a while. an hour later they were back again for another short visit. “i'm wondering if these activities in the hollow of the shorea will harm the tree. although there are only a few short branches high up there, clumps of fresh young leaves are growing at the ends. the gluta seems to fare better with more foliage.“has the courtship ended? and then will the female be sealed in?”angie ng27th november 2006note: oriental pied hornbills are getting common on mainland singapore. there is an earlier account on the courtship behaviour of a pair at changi, seen in october 2006.input and images by angie ng.labels: hornbills



posted by yc @ 12:03 am  
      
         5 comments






wednesday, january 24, 2007
  

 
  retraction of the first record of long-billed plover for singapore
  

  


	 retraction of the first record of long-billed plover for singapore
    


on 24th february 1990, volker konrad encountered and photographed a plover new to singapore at changi. he sent his observation, including a picture, to the singapore records committee set up by the bird group of the nature society (singapore). the committee identified the bird as a long-billed plover (charadrius placidus). this was reported in the singapore avifauna 11(4) that appeared only seven years later.subsequently konrad published his finding, based on the identification provided, in the oriental bird club’s scientific journal, forktail (2005).in the december 2006 issue of the obc’s bulletin, birdingasia, paul j. leader, a birder based in hongkong, successfully challenged the identification of the bird. according to leader, the bird seen in singapore way back in 1990 was actually a kentish plover (c. alexandrnius), not a long-billed. konrad, the birder who sighted the bird at changi, has so far retracted his published record and according to birding asia, “…the singapore records committee (nature society singapore) now agrees that this record concerns the kentish plover.”well and good. a mistake has been rectified. there were no ornithologists in the singapore records committee then, only experienced recreational birders. even if there were, the best of ornithologists do sometimes make mistakes in identification.it may therefore be a good idea if in future, to avoid mistakes as much as possible, the photographs of rarities reported are sent for their opinions to leading ornithologists overseas who have long experience of birds in asia.according to our bird specialist, r. subaraj, “to put everything in perspective, regardless of the status of local records, the only confirmed malaysian record is of one at tanjong rhu, pulau langkawi, on 19th march 1968 (wells, 1999).“this far south, many vagrants occur in heavily moulted, winter or juvenile plumages and this emphasises the value of exercising great caution when considering such records. one must always seek advise from those with greater experience and knowledge of such birds!”referenceskonrad, v. (2005). first record of long-billed plover charadris placidus in singapore. forktail 21:181-182.leader, p.j. (2006). comments on the purported first record of long-billed plover for singapore. birdingasia 6: 45-47.wells, d.r. (1999). the birds of the thai-malay peninsular. vol. i, non-passerines. academic press, london.labels: species



posted by yc @ 9:23 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, january 23, 2007
  

 
  romancing ‘laura’ - the yellow-vented bulbul
  

  


	 romancing ‘laura’ - the yellow-vented bulbul
    


there are several species of birds in malaysia that are often seen flying in pairs. some pair for life, some for several seasons and some just a single season only. the yellow-vented bulbul (pyconontus goiavier) is just about the most frequently seen paired resident species in my area and this particular pair catches my eye for some particular reason (below).  they became frequent visitors and nesters in my private garden balcony the last few years that we decided to name them laurie and laura.   the birds took up residence besides a family of white-rumped munias (lonchura striata). every hanging fern species that thrives in the balcony carries a nesting history. some of the nests were made over from previous season. last year, no nesting was observed. while the environment remained peaceful and conducive to raising their brood, laurie and laura did not bring in any nesting materials. i began wondering why and soon found out.since last september 2006, tinkling sounds, ‘tink.-tink-tink’ were heard coming from the driveway. initially i passed then off to be a dribbling garden tap with droplets of water hitting a hollow tin can. it continued intermittently during the daytime and for several consecutive days until the sounds got into my nerves’ edge and i simply had to investigate.a fascinating and entertaining observation of endearing avian showmanship followed.  it was laurie, the male yellow-vented bulbul who flew into the driveway and became fascinated with the winged mirror of my parked vehicle (above). he perched and stared so hard onto the shiny chromed mirror as though to say, ‘i wish, i wish… mm… am i the most handsome guy in town?’  laurie was not alone. he flew in with laura but she decided to take to a more discreet and observation perch on the christmas tree, about 15 feet away. laurie with his broad and black loral stripe, stared into the mirror and saw another competitor, a look alike and furiously began pecking vigorously at the chromed mirror. he was pecking at a brown feathery bird - his own reflection!  over the period of weeks, laurie became extremely obsessed with the winged mirror – his competitor. he continued relentlessly to impress laura and showed off his skills of showmanship by roll flying around the mirror, performing balancing tricks, tap dancing and doing the flamenco, ballet  and butterfly stance to just name a few (above). he was working and trying very hard to be the hero.  occasionally, laurie would pause to await and listen for the approval of ‘bravo! bravo!’ coming from laura’s chirping calls (above). laurie would courteously give a bow showing his broad striped dark crown and threw a deep side glance at his ‘competitor’ as if to say, ‘hey! this is my territory and that’s my gal, so clear off!   laurie did not fail to soil the mirror to get the message over and would end his performance by shining his yellow vent at my scope to ensure i did not miss out his bright rear plumage (above). is this a kind of challenging courtship display or is laurie a weirdo with an obsession?  i wonder if laura is tired of seeing laurie’s repeated performances. he was unperturbed by the family’s pet dog who had seen them all and more often than i had witnessed. she would just lie in the garage, her right ear cocked up and eyes rolled to the rhythm of laurie’s performances just 8 feet away. at times, i could hear her sighed aloud as if to say, ‘oh, for heaven’s sake not again, bird!’my camera certainly did not give up that easily but provided additional silhouette shots through my spotting scope to look like an evening performance of a yellow-vented bulbul, romancing his beau with a repertoire of courtship tap dancing!  i found out these birds disliked my ornamental chinese bronzed bells with red tassels hung in the balcony garden, beginning of last year. i had them removed recently. soon enough, they both flew in to prospect a new nesting site.it was ‘home sweet home….’submitted by:  daisy o’neill, penang, malaysia.21st january 2007check out our earlier postings on how birds react when they see their reflections on a mirror:  (1 and 2).labels: miscellaneous



posted by yc @ 10:05 am  
      
         4 comments






monday, january 22, 2007
  

 
  starfruit tree
  

  


	 starfruit tree
    


the starfruit tree (averrhoa carambola) grows wild in java and possibly in borneo and the philippines. however, there are people who believe that it originated from tropical america. whatever its origin, the tree has been in cultivation for centuries and it has been grown in singapore for a very long time.this bushy, 15 metres tall tree is grown for its fruits that may be sweet or sour, depending on the cultivar (left). the tree flowers and fruits regularly throughout the year. the lilac flowers are small and borne in loose bunches (below). the fruit has five deep wings along its length and in cross-section appears star-shaped, thus the common name. it ripens golden yellow.i have the tree growing in my garden for years now. the ripe fruits have always been attacked by fruit flies, falling on the ground to rot. it was some years ago that i noticed green, unripe fruits littering the ground below, always partley eaten.  and then i noticed the visits of the noisy, white tanimbar corella (cacatua goffini), an exotic species (below). these corella prefer the green, unripe fruits to the succulent ripe ones. they are wasteful eaters, pecking out pieces and leaving the many partly eaten fruits to rot below the tree.  it would appear that this corella has exploited a food niche that other species of birds have been avoiding. it has similarly taking to eating the green pong pong fruits (cerbera odollam) that no animals had previously been eating (see 1 and 2).  the flowers of the starfruit tree attract ants, bees, moths and others (above), and these insects in turn attract birds. but i have so far failed to see many birds on this tree besides the corella. except the smallish common tailorbird (orthotomus sutorius) that regularly visits the tree, quietly gleaning for insects. the bird in the photo below is a male in breeding plumage, with long central tail feather and blackish sides to the neck.  now who says exotic plants do not attract wildlife?if any birders have observed other birds visiting this tree, please leave your input here. thanks.input and images by yc.labels: plants



posted by yc @ 9:04 am  
      
         1 comments






sunday, january 21, 2007
  

 
  javan myna
  

  


	 javan myna
    


 “it is perhaps by some freak chance that i actually chose to figure out where the incessant kaeeu kaeeu kaeeu sounds were coming from, and that i had the patience to wait quietly, hidden, till the creature appeared. after a minute or so, i noticed some movement on the roof of a nearby house. it was a javan myna (acridotheres javanicus). soon after, two myna nestlings appeared from the small cavity under the "wavy" roof tile (below). i moved in closer to get a better view, rather conspicuously i might add, and consequently startled the wary adult. it fluttered and stood on the roof, and then took off to a nearby grass patch, its eyes fixed on me.  "it was only then i realize what i had discovered - it was a myna's nest! mynas, like many members of the starling family are hole-nesters. while some species may not be obligate hole-nesters, others often take advantage of such cavities, whether man-made or natural. this is reflected in the unmarked, blue eggs laid by javan mynas, which indicates the reduced need for camouflage for cavity nesters.“this was a chance discovery, so i wasn't blessed with the opportunity to clarify incubation periods. neither would the eggs be openly viewable, in any case. according to the literature, javan mynas lay a clutch of 2–5 eggs at a time and incubate for 13–14 days in captivity. it is also probable that javan mynas, like many species of asian sturnids, both sexes participate in incubating, though males contribute for only a portion of the day. this is unconfirmed and almost impossible to determine, as both sexes look identical and the nest is concealed. “juveniles, unlike the adults, are paler and browner, and has a white iris (as compared to the lemon yellow iris of adults). the bird on the right (above) seems to be older and more active. my personal observation is that there appears to be many more juveniles during these few months. it is thus tempting for me to assume that breeding season is in the later part of the year. would any ornithologist like to clarify or correct this?  “as and after the juveniles fledge, they continue to be fed by the adults (above). such food, which includes seeds, fruits or insects, is given whole and not regurgitated (at least at this stage). pleas for food (kaeeu kaeeu kaeeu) are accompanied by the youngster's half-flaps and wing "quivering". this parent totally ignores the youngster.” lim jun ying3rd january 2007input and images by lim jun ying except bottom image by yc.labels: nesting



posted by yc @ 12:38 am  
      
         5 comments






friday, january 19, 2007
  

 
  antics of the pied fantail
  

  


	 antics of the pied fantail
    


the pied fantail (rhipidura javanica) is a small bird that is never still. the bird is constantly moving around, at the same time turning from side to side in a jerky way, lowering its wings, cocking up its head and constantly fanning its tail - opening and closing.   it moves alone or in pairs, disturbing insects among vegetation with its movements and the fanning of the tail, to sally forth once an insect is disturbed from its rest. sometimes it perches on a branch, but never remaining in one place for long, to hawk for flies and other insects.its antics are always amusing to watch. so much so that the malays call it merbok gila, gila meaning mad. it is also known as murai gila, meaning crazy songbird or thrush.  k.c. tsang wrote: “this bird, according to the books, is supposed to be found in most areas in singapore, from mangrove swamps, to parks, to gardens etc. in reality i have found it in the singapore botanic gardens and sg. buloh wetland reserve. maybe it has been hiding from me in, say, macritchie and other reservoirs.  also, i have found that it shares the same kind of food as the ashy tailorbird (orthotomus ruficeps), taking insects from under leaf cover.“it is an extremely shy bird and rarely do you find it out from under the cover of dense vegetation.”  our bird specialist r. subaraj replies: “it is primarily a mangrove species but is also found in smaller numbers in various parts of singapore. they are commonest at places like sungei buloh, pulau ubin, pasir ris mangrove and other natural coastal areas. inland sites include singapore botanic gardens, bukit batok nature park and many of the areas that support  old abandoned farmland, particularly where there is water.“although it is occasionally found on the edge, where old farmland exists, this species does not normally occur within our true forested areas and this includes most of the margins of the reservoirs within the central catchment, including macritchie.“on the balance of things here, this is still a common and fairly widespread bird.”input by kc and yc; images by chan yoke meng (top two) and johnny wee (bottom).labels: species



posted by yc @ 12:05 am  
      
         10 comments






wednesday, january 17, 2007
  

 
  changeable hawk-eagle attacking colugo
  

  


	 changeable hawk-eagle attacking colugo
    


colugo or flying lemur (cynocephalus variegates) is a mammal that goes back to ancient times (above). colugo is a better name as flying lemur can be misleading. why? true lemurs are primates that are only found in the island of madagascar. the images below show the ring-tailed lemur (lemur catta), a true lemur, basking in the sun (below, left) and huddling from the cold (below, right). colugo is also a mammal but it is neither a lemur nor a primate. it belongs to a separate order of its own, the dermoptera (greek derma = skin; ptera = wing). it does not fly but actually glides. this it does with the help of a special membrane that extends from the neck region to the fore feet and the hind feet and thence to the tip of the tail (below).  in singapore, colugo is found in the bukit timah nature reserve and the central catchment forest. hot from the press is a book on this fascinating animal, written by norman lim with morten strange as editor (left). the book is published by draco publishing and distribution pte. ltd. in conjunction with raffles museum of biodiversity research, national university of singapore. it is currently available at the botanic gardens shop, nature's niche.the diet of this animal is mainly leaves, young shoots and flowers of selected plants. during the day it rest high up in the tree, clinging to a tree trunk or hiding in a tree hole. comes dusk, it becomes active, gliding from tree trunk to tree trunk. the young is carried clinging to the flight membrane. cited in the book is a report by tan choo eng; “on aug 6, 2006, i was at an uncompleted stretch of the new baling gerik highway on the perak section in peninsular malaysia  together with two other members of the malaysian nature society. we witnessed a changeable hawk-eagle  (spizaetus cirrhatus, pale morph) attack a colugo.“after the failed attack, the colugo stayed motionless (11am) on an exposed mid section of a tree trunk for about 40 minutes, even after the threat was gone (11.40am). then it scampered up the tree trunk and glided into some more leafy trees.” the image on the left is that of a changeable hawk-eagle, pale morph.images from top, of colugo clinging on to tree trunk and palm frond by johnny wee, ring-tailed lemur by yc; colugo gliding by yc; book cover by morten strange; and changeable hawk-eagle by johnny wee.labels: feeding: raptor



posted by yc @ 12:54 am  
      
         1 comments












contributors

husky
yc





links

besgroup forum
nature society (singapore)
nature's niche
strix wildlife consultancy
wild singapore
habitat news
nature spies
a dc birding blog
dogged wanderings
dogged nature
bullockcartwater
singapore naturalist
the annotated budak
10,000 birds
earth
a librarian's 'rojak' thoughts
nature sightings
denisegoodfellow
austin birding forum
lost in the jungle

free counters

previous posts

the blog has shifted
sighting of sooty-headed bulbuls
jerdon's baza: fourth sighting
oriental pied hornbill: courtship at changi
retraction of the first record of long-billed plov...
romancing ‘laura’ - the yellow-vented bulbul
starfruit tree
javan myna
antics of the pied fantail
changeable hawk-eagle attacking colugo

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007









 




















