




  
















skyview drive-in theatre | one of ohio's last drive-in movie theaters!























































































see what's playing 



























 menu				






home
skyview drive-in theatre history

concessions menu
house rules
frequently asked questions (faqs)
employment application


upcoming events

skyview drive-in rental request


flea market
order tickets
pricing
contact

email signup




























latest tweets:

tweets by skyviewdrivein 









skyview drive-in theatre location: the skyview drive-in theatre is located 3 miles east from downtown lancaster on us 22 (main st).
address: 2420 e. main st. lancaster, ohio  43130
phone: (740) 653-5517








 






















sign-up for our email list!
  

please enable javascript 

the first drive-in in ohio to have hd picture and sound since 2011! we're in our 76th year of continuous outdoor movies!
affordable entertainment for the whole family!  why pay for a babysitter?  bring the whole family out for an inexpensive, fun filled evening!

help support the skyview cruise-in theater by donating below.  while we continue to make repairs to our lot sound and speakers, it is a very expensive fix.  we would like to replace the wire undergroud completely, if you would like to help please donate below, or at the gate or concession stand.






e-gift cards available!

get 25% off for the holidays with promo code "holiday24" min load $33!  sale ends jan 9!  this is for gift cards only.

theater box office e-gift card link (tickets & admissions only!)

concessions e-gift card link


we are now closed for the 2024 season, see ya'll again in the spring of 2025!




























ticket prices are per person admission rates vary by the age ranges below.




$10			    	                				.50


			    	                				adults 12+ every day			    	                				
			    	                			






$6			    	                				


			    	                				children 4-11 every day			    	                				
			    	                			






free			    	                				


			    	                				kids 3 & under			    	                				
			    	                			






















































weekly listings updates
subscribe to our email list to receive updates and alerts.



join our email list




















 ticket payment visa, mastercard, and debit cards accepted. programs change on friday friday's listings are usually posted on the tuesday before. hd picture & sound the first drive-in in ohio to be hd since 2011!


















customer reviews:


“this was so much fun for me and my family!! prices were reasonable, the entire property was impeccably clean, and nice. every single person serving you was so kind and respectful. i absolutely hate going to the movies and just went for my child, but i personally had a blast and want to go back! better then any indoor movie theater for sure!”- emily sturgeon      “loved it very clean, area for kids to play before movie they have a flyer you get when you come with a menu and all the info you will need.”- cheryl artis      “wonderful family friendly business. concession prices are reasonable and affordable.  the food is fresh and delicious. i've been coming here since childhood, brought my children here and am grateful to now be able to bring my grandchildren here to enjoy.
i appreciate the effort it takes to keep a business like this running for us all to enjoy.”- cookie woodside      “love going to skyview drive in! i've been going since 2013. love the price and atmosphere especially since i can come with my dog!”- micaela vickers      “well managed, and clean. you get your money's worth at the concession stand. always a good experience. vehicles <60" get the closest spots. tip: get your tickets online.”- bruce hull      







latest tweets:

tweets by skyviewdrivein 









skyview drive-in theatre location: the skyview drive-in theatre is located 3 miles east from downtown lancaster on us 22 (main st).
address: 2420 e. main st. lancaster, ohio  43130
phone: (740) 653-5517










© copyright 2025 | skyview drive-in theatre | website by code improv














 




x

 





























































