
















grandparents raising grandchildren nz












  
  
 
 
 





school & new year start up information | extraordinary care fund – learn more




members:
join now
update details




homewho we areour purposeour peopleour impactour mahifinancial & legal advocacylocal support groupsresearch and publicationseducation & trainingrespite campsnews & eventsnewsletterseventsmedia coverageadvice & resourcesfinancial support for caregiverslegal supportresource hubfaqssupport our mahiour supportersvacancies

  
  

menu
close














homewho we areour purposeour peopleour impactour mahifinancial & legal advocacylocal support groupsresearch and publicationseducation & trainingrespite campsnews & eventsnewsletterseventsmedia coverageadvice & resourcesfinancial support for caregiverslegal supportresource hubfaqssupport our mahiour supportersvacancies
contact us 
join grg 
make a donation



make a donation
to make a donation to grg there are a number of options to choose from.









follow us


















empowering grandparents and strengthening whānau.
learn more 


are you raising your grandchild or someone else's child full-time? if yes, then you're not alone.
join grg 







who we are
grandparents raising grandchildren™ trust nz (grg) is a registered charitable trust operating throughout new zealand providing support services to grandparents who are raising their grandchildren on a full-time basis. our vision is for a community where grandparents raising grandchildren are empowered to provide a safe, secure and nurturing home for their grandchildren.
learn more 





our holistic support network
discover our holistic support network that empowers caregivers through personalised advocacy, education, local groups. and rejuvenating respite programs. experience a nurturing journey with us, designed to address diverse needs and foster a resilient caregiving community.
our mahi 



information& resources
learn more



advocacy
learn more



caregiver education
learn more



support groups
learn more





what our members say 



"absolutely mind blowing information. relevant to what i'm trying to do with my moko and how some of my behaviours can change to help my whanau."


"yous are amazing & i appreciate everything yous have done from txts, info, the grg newsletters. each time i receive something i find something useful for me & my situation. its helped in so many ways."


"it's a tremendous comfort knowing what is available and knowing you have our back, so to speak."


"without grg's guidance and help i would not have known what i had to do to get legal custody of the children."


"i now know that if i am stuck for any advise or help or can't find what i am looking for, i can turn to grg for it, i had no one before"


"this is the only workshop i have felt i got heard and came away with ideas to work on."


"facilitator was awesome, very kind lady with alot of understanding.”


"clear and easy to understand. has a good knowledge of grandparents issues."


"good balance between theory and application. interactive style. very good."



"i was stressed and battered until i asked for help from grg. with their support, my family's life improved significantly. without grg, i'd still be overwhelmed and intimidated. they're an amazing organization that stands up for our rights when no one else will."


"marvellous organisation. outstanding members and last but not least tremendous coordinators, without this i would have been lost.  thanks grg"


"thank you so very much. the constant worry and stress of how i would provide the basic needs for my mokos has been eliminated with grg providing us with accurate information and advocacy if needed. nga mihi nui."


"i am so grateful for grg and the people i have come to meet thru this wonderful organization.  i am spreading the word to other grandparents about the merits of belonging to grg.  i can’t say enough about your efforts for grandparents."


"e mihi ana tooku ngakau ki a koutou nga kaimahi o tenei roopu grandparents raising grandchildren. without your information and prior to your advice and support offered through web site, support group, advocacy and phone conversations it was extremely challenging to provide the quality of life my grandchildren now experience. thank you so very much."











are you raising your grandchild or a child within your wider family or whānau?
membership of grg and access to support, advice and advocacy services is free for all full-time caregivers. for help, contact us on 0800 472 637 or the contact us page for a referral to our advocacy service.
learn more 






sign up to our newsletter
stay up to date with news, upcoming training and latest resources.
sign up 












            our mission is to provide specialised services and programmes that empower and strengthen grandparent and whānau care families so they can raise resilient and healthy tamariki and rangatahi.
          



            te whakamana i ngā tupuna me ngā whānau, ki te whakatipu tamariki pakari me te hauora me te rangatahi. ko tā mātou whāinga ko te whakarato ratonga ngaio e whakakaha ana i te whānau.
          

charities commission registration cc20205








contact us

0800 grands (0800 472 637)
+64 9 418 3753
office@grg.org.nz
po box 34 892, birkenhead,auckland, new zealand, 0764
chelsea business park,suite c, 162 mokoia road,birkenhead, 0626


donate to our cause
explore our resources
our impact
get local support






© 2023 grandparents raising grandchildren. all rights reserved.
disclaimer
privacy policy
sitemap

site by online designs







