

wamufraud.com: washington mutual fraud (allegations): testimonials & class-action lawsuits.











  

for victims of washington mutual fraud

and fraud by other lenders, like:
wachovia/wellsfargo, indymac/onewest, countrywide/bofa, gmac, citi
helping people understand how bad it is since 2001









free ebook to fight your lender

get a free copy of challenge your lender workbook & learn how to build the paper trail
you'll need to defend yourself and to prove fraud by your lender and loan servicer. 














jp morgan/chase took over wamu sept. 25, 2008 -let's see what happens.
some allege that jp morgan made billions on short sales on 9/11/2001
did they know something we didn't? -check 911truth.tk
most wamu mortgages were bought by securitization trusts, without disclosure -see americanloanaudits.com/pool/
latest news: fdic said transfer of wamu to chase not completed? - still not finalized december 2011?
cnn: fdic gets $64million settlement from ex-wamu execs





following are 18 videos to help understand the fiasco better

or skip videos to access key sections of this page by clicking below




skip to :


mass joinder lawsuits


other lawsuits and horror stories


robosigners


securitization fraud


wamu. bank from hell


best strategies






foreclosuregate explained:

bankster fraud v deadbeat non-payment?




60 minutes: ex-execs at countrywide & citigroup expose systemic fraud

read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/countrywide-mortgage-fraud-60-minutes-2011-12#ixzz1hqdib0fp and columbia journalism review
a transcript of the interviews is posted at cbs news




4 videos from cbs 60 minutes were taken offline:
1) eileen foster, countrywide and the failure of corporate criminal justice
eileen foster, countrywide and the failure of corporate criminal justice
last month, eileen foster was at the national press club to receive the $10,000 ron ridenhour prize for truth-telling. in 2007, foster was a vice president in charge of investigating fraud at countrywide financial. a full time job, if you can keep it. which she couldn’t.
because she took her job seriously.
a countrywide employee in boston called foster with evidence of widespread loan fraud in the boston area.
foster investigated and confirmed the employee’s report and eventually shut down six countrywide offices in massachusetts.
she started to pursue what appeared to be systemic fraud at the company when the executive suite got itchy.
on september 8, 2008, they came to foster and put a 14-page document on her desk. foster calls that a gag order. they also offered her $228,000. foster calls that hush money. she was told if she accepted the money and signed the document, she could quit. if not, she would be fired.
she was fired.
foster filed a complaint with the department of labor under the sarbanes-oxley whistleblower provisions.
twenty-one out of 1,500 whistleblowers have gotten a favorable response from the department of labor.
so, foster knew it was a bit like hitting the lottery.
but lo and behold, she hit it.
in october 2011, the department of labor ruled in her favor.
and in december 2011, the cbs news show 60 minutes did a story titled prosecuting wall street that featured foster.
now, bank of america, which acquired countrywide, is appealing the department of labor’s ruling.


2) whistleblower richard bowen hits citigroup, then federal government
whistleblower richard bowen hits citigroup, then federal government
the dallas-based senior vice president for citigroup became one of america’s first whistle-blowers on the mortgage crisis. yet, he says, nobody cared.
he battled not only the forces of his mega-corporation but also the federal government, which he says pretended to investigate his allegations but actually covered some of them up.
as readers of the fort worth star-telegram dave lieber watchdog column first learned, in a public talk at the university of texas at dallas school of management, where he’s a senior lecturer in accounting, bowen revealed a new set of allegations. this time, his target wasn’t his former employer. it was the federal government, which he said did its best to protect top leaders of american finance.
bowen lost his job as senior vice president and senior chief underwriter in citigroup after he complained to top boss robert e. rubin about mortgages bought from other mortgage companies.



3) the most shocking statements from alleged foreclosure 'robo-signers'
the most shocking statements from alleged foreclosure 'robo-signers
originally on cbs 60 minutes 8/7/2011 - the next housing shock 
foreclosure: banks forge missing documents.
following is just a 3 minute summary:
foreclosure "robo-signers" unqualified?



fraud factories, mers, lps, forgeries:
rep. alan grayson explains the foreclosure fraud crisis




[prev cbs 60 minutes overtime - on robosigners
foreclosure "robo-signers" unqualified? 10/14/2010]
what are mortgage foreclosure 'robo signers'?


mers destroyed notes
is your home foreclosure-proof?
u.s. news
mers? it may have swallowed your loan




forida attorney matt weidner:
the foreclosure robo signer scandal


abc news: robo-signers blamed for foreclosure mistakes




an fdic fraud investigator talks
[video no longer available]
fdic investigator tom borgers talks of his frustration with the crimes committed.  read cbs news
some say it takes off from the costa report on michael winston


foreclosure fraud: $45t victimization
msnbc interviews attys michael pines and matt weidner & 2 homeowners 

michael t. pines news       matt weidner blog




the mechanics of securitization with neil garfield mba jd, wall street insider and former trial attorney


ohio attorney general sues lenders for mass foreclosure fraud




cbs 60 minutes - who owns the mortgage???
docx robosigners forge missing documents
whistleblower facing foreclosure wins $18 million (lynn szymoniak)




video: msnbc’s dylan ratigan has a meltdown over the meltdown
visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy

as explained by yahoo news on 8/9/11, 
msnbc's dylan ratigan is mad as hell about the u.s. financial crisis--and he's not gonna take it anymore!

while convening a roundtable discussion on the market meltdown on his eponymous msnbc show on tuesday, ratigan exploded.
"we've got a real problem!" an exasperated ratigan shouted. "this is a mathematical fact! tens of trillions of dollars are being extracted from the united states of america. democrats aren't doing it, republicans aren't doing it. an entire integrated system, financial system, trading system, taxing system, that was created by both parties over a period of two decades is at work on our entire country right now. and we're sitting here arguing about whether we should do the $4 trillion plan that kicks the can down the road for the president for 2017, or burn the place to the ground, both of which are reckless, irresponsible, and stupid."
"i'm sorry to lose my temper," he continued. "but, i tell you what, i've been coming on tv for three years doing this, and the fact of the matter is that there's a refusal on both the democratic and the republican side of the aisle to acknowledge the mathematical problem, which is that the united states of america is being extracted."




foreclosure is more profitable than loan mods





watch more key videos at www.stopfraudclosures.com


mass joinder lawsuits against wamu/chase, countrywide/bofa, gmac etc by a savvy lawyer
most lawyers charge $5,000 to $8,000 plus $2,000 a month to file and maintain a lawsuit.
i find that most people can't afford that, but class action lawsuits only give pennies on the dollar.
there is a lawyer that is joining multiple clients as plaintiffs in 1 lawsuit, and charging very low per month.
(i don't represent him, and i understand he won't let me publish his name.  email me with your phone number, if interested.
or call me at (562)867-3230 if you want to try a lawyer that i've heard is doing a mass joinder.  i'm still reaearching him.


i've discovered an attorney that will supervise and prepare your paperwork to sue for a better loan - at very low cost!
read more about it at fixmyloannow.com
if you're underwater, and want to reduce your principal and interest, get a free ebook and video at www.stopmysalefast.com

read the the report of the financial crisis inquiry commission - it describes how the collapse occurred.





did wamu rip you off when you refinanced?
there is a class action case "cassese v washington mutula, inc" that will allow you to join them.
if you want to join (or opt out and sue on your own), contact the settlement administrato, p.o. box 6177, novato, ca 94948-9177 before the fairness hearing on september 15, 2011.
(this is not for people that currently have a loan that was originated by wamu, only if they refinanced out.)






new cases: court findings against wamu/chase:




florida court finds convincing evidence that wamu, chase and fishman & shapiro committed fraud on this court!




recent 1st lawsuit against chase in georgia:
tammy jo long, castle, davidson v. jpmorgan chase, bank of america, et al
(defendants include 2 retirement plans that are also suing chase) -fulton county superior court	case # 2010cv189005 7/30/2010
just some allegations: "fraud in the factum &a,p; inducement, fraud, assignment & title fraud/ slander of title, violations of the georgia residential mortgage act & mortgage fraud, violation of fair debt collection act, negligent supervision, tortious interference with contract and business relationships, violation of fiduciary duty, violation of duty of good faith & fair dealing"
result = dismissed
defendant removed case to federal court (case#1:2010cv02551  august 13, 2010), asked for a more definite statement, plaintiffs asked for a month extension and only got 2 days, so plaintiffs had to voluntarily dismiss out in dec 2010 for lack of time.




my analysis (i'm not a lawyer, just my non-legal educational opinion):
i find this typical: if there are federal issues like tila, respa, fdcpa, defendant lenders will remove to fed court and get dismissal.
some people allege that federal court sometimes is business friendly, especially in california, and prefer not to allege federal law violations except as state (fraud) causes of action, so you can remain in state court.
(in contradiction, i talked to 1 juris doctor that stated that most federal courts are better than state courts, except california and 9th circuit)
1 good strategy is to fight with adversary proceeding in bankruptcy, where you can often request the original of the note.   most federal and even state courts won't help you with that.
optimum is to find a good lawyer that can do adversary proceeding or state complaints well and knows the securitization issues taught by neil garfield and others.





refiled - 2nd ga case filed 11/1/2010 case # 2010cv192811 fulton county superior court
tammy jo lon, castle home builders v. jpmorgan chase, bank of america, et al
(1 less defendant, no defendant retirement fund, lps added etc)
(this new case is in progress in state court)








horror story 2011: chase forecloses during loan mod, while promising not to
anaheim, ca: the husband got sick a few years ago with advanced diabetes… his kidneys have failed, he’s on dialysis… heart disease… he’s spent time on a respirator while hospitalized.   the asked for a loan mod, and fulfilled the first payment plan, but instead of giving them a loan mod, chase gave them a higher payment plan, and foreclosed in the middle of it.  a chase rep always told them to ignore the notice of sale because of the loan mod.  “we trusted the bank,” the mom says, “like idiots.”  at unlawful detainer, the ud mill lawyer for mccarthy and holthus (kevin mello) used threats to force their signature on an agreement to move in 30 days.  [as kevin mello approached them, they heard him tell someone “i’m so sick of all these sob stories.”).   luckily, a local lawyer is filing a lawsuit for them.  read more by mandelmann matters






more fraud: robosigners discovered by attorneys general
fraud found by courts = recorded documents by major lenders were found to be "robo-signed"
some title companies will no longer offer title insurance on foreclosed homes?

gmac mortgage, of ally bank, was sanctioned by courts in both maine and florida for affidavits signed under penalty of perjury
without the signor reading anything. gmac has now woken up and stopped the practice, perhaps too late.
the avalanche has started against these "robo-signed" affidavits.   title companies, attorneys general, lawmakers are very upset,
the backlash has started -and the effects are becoming devastating to lenders, especially gmac, wamu/chase, indymac/onewest, bank of america, and pnc financial.

2 title companies (fidelity national and old republic national title) are now refusing to insure loans by some lenders, especially gmac

a 3rd title co, stewart title is making it difficult to get insurance on foreclosures by jp morgan chase, bank of america, onewest bank or ally/gmac.


at least three more lenders stop foreclosures after admitting to paperwork problems.


cnbc: jp morgan chase is also temporarily suspending its foreclosures while it looks into the truthfulness of affidavits signed to support those foreclosures.


sept. 30 / washington post: an executive from onewest bank, successor to failed indymac, admitted that nobody on her team reads the 6,000 documents they sign in a week.


on october 8, bank of america is the first u.s. bank to institute a nationwide moratorium on foreclosures as anger grows at how lenders have prepared documents to support evictions.   
litton loan servicing lp, ally financial's gmac mortgage unit and jpmorgan chase are reviewing procedures and halting some foreclosure


the texas attorney general's office has called for a halt on all foreclosures, all sales of properties previously foreclosed upon and all evictions of persons residing in previously foreclosed upon properties until companies have completed a review of their processes.   
the review includes "robo-signed" affidavits and other documents which were recorded in the state of texas.   
the ag’s office sent out letters to 30 loan servicers.


maryland lawmakers requested the state's highest court to temporarily halt foreclosures


iowa attorney general tom miller is calling on ally financial's gmac mortgage unit, bank of america, and jpmorgan chase to halt foreclosure proceedings in the state while he investigates problems with documents filed with the courts.


the attorneys general of up to 40 states plan to announce soon a joint investigation into banks' use of flawed foreclosure paperwork.jpmorgan chase & co., ally bank's gmac mortgage unit and pnc financial have stopped foreclosures in the 23 states where foreclosures must be approved by a judge.    
sen. christopher dodd, d-conn., the chairman of the senate banking committee, said he would hold a hearing on the issue next month.



2005-2008 wamu investment securities trusts purchased the note -not a "loan"
no disclosure of asset-backed investment securities = fraud?
asset-backed security trusts purchased notes = not a "loan" entitled to a trust deed
most "loans" by washington mutual, indymac, countrywide, and most  other "lenders" in the past 5 years were actually purchases of notes by  special purpose vehicles created by lehman brothers.   these special  purpose vehicles were securitization trusts pre-funded by investors for  the purpose of purchasing notes to enable the trust to be an asset  backed security.    

the "lender" named in the note and deed of trust or mortgage (e.g.  wamu, indymac, countrywide, etc) did not fund the transaction, and  therefore was not really the "lender".    they acted only as a "nominal  lender", named in the note only to facilitate the creation of a deed of  trust or mortgage to secure the note as a loan, when it was not a  loan, but rather an investment security.        frank j. fabozzi and vinod  kothari, in their book "introduction to securitization" state on page 5  "the asset securitization process transforms a pool of assets into one  or more securities that are referred to as asset-backed securities." 

securitization is one type of structured finance, and in the case of  wamu, indymac, countrywide, and most other "nomimal lenders" in the  past few years, applies to the inclusion of most notes into asset-backed  securities.

the legal ramifications of this process are that there was no loan funded  by the "nominal lender".  in fact, it can be alleged in court that the  "nominal lender" was paid in full, plus a commission.   also, the deed of  trust or mortgage can't secure an investment security, and the  homeowner was tricked into thinking he was a borrower in a loan,  when he was a seller of a note to an investment trust.   the investment trust had no right to a deed of trust or mortgage to a purchased note  that was not a loan.    the "nominal lender" shouldn't be able to foreclose on an asset in an investment security with an invalid deed of trust or mortgage,  fraudulently procured under the guise of a "loan", when it wasn't a loan,  but rather the "purchase of a note" into an asset-backed investment  security, and the "nominal lender" was paid in full, plus a commission  for something it did not fund.

can a "nominal lender" that didn't fund the transaction, but rather  fraudulently allowed its name to be put on a note and deed of trust or  mortgage to trick a homeowner into signing a deed of trust or mortgage  to secure an investment security, assign a beneficial right it never had  to another beneficiary?

wamu almost never assigns the deed of trust or mortgage, but  forecloses directly or through chase, its new owner.

wamu is the servicer, and trust wording also calls it the originator, but the trust purchased the notes directly -wamu did not fund the loan.
the trust was fully formed before the purchase, and it wired the funds into escrow.  the originator almost never funds directly to sell it.
fraud can be alleged that the borrower was tricked into believing it was a loan to procure a deed of trust or mortgage, and the true nature of transaction was not disclosed.
fraud can also be alleged (after research) that the pool insurance paid the investors after multiple defaults and foreclosures.  if they were paid, why the foreclosure?
further, fraud can be alleged that the deed of trust (ucc 9) is invalid for an investment security (ucc 8) (you can't have both).  a foreclosure is improper, and should be voidable.

credit enhancement is used to sweeten securitization trusts. trusts containing sub-prime notes usually have pool insurance to cover defaults and foreclosure.   if enough notes go into default and foreclosure, the insurance pays off the investors.   the servicer usually continues to foreclose, even though the investors were paid poff.
other insurance is often procured for fraud arising in the origination process -if you win for fraud, they can collect that insurance, as well.  
indymac was foreclosing itself, but now it often forecloses through either  onewest bank, its new owner, or through deutsche bank, trustee for  the asset-backed security.

read more at americanloanaudits.com/pool/
watch the video at fighting the predatory lender matrix


reject "fake customer service"
from the "bank from hell"
it appears washington mutual commits fraud by:

1) non-disclosure and false disclosure,   
2) violating respa by never answering letters of dispute (qualified written requests), 
3) violating ca civil code 2943 by not supplying a payoff demand statement requested by mail,
3) illegal accounting that doesn't follow generally accepted accounting principles
4) predatory practices, such as forced escrows, & logging payments weeks after receipt,
5) giving primarily "liar's loans" (no document loans), where they know most people can't qualify otherwise,
6) refusing to do loan workouts, & failing to contact hud for client help & signoffs,
7) often combining all of the above to foreclose on whole neighborhoods nationwide.



smartmoney magazine (cover) calls wamu "the bank from hell"
in a nov. 02 article: "i can't believe they treat people like this".  buy it or view online.

problems beset washington mutual's mortgage arm
 (oregonlive.com)
consumeraffairs.com: wamu's "acquiring a growing portfolio of consumer class action suits."
wamu, indymac and liar's loans
indymac bank just went under because it had acquired lots of "liar's loans" (no document loans) where borrowers are encouraged to lie about their income.  the bank doesn't ask for 1040's or other documents, because they know most people don't qualify, so they encourage fraud by not asking for any documentation.  washington mutual bank also has lots of liar's loans, and some speculate that it will be the next big bank to fall after indymac bank.  some say liar's loans were sought after, because it was an easy way to acquire more bank-owned properties faster.  i guess they didn't know how fast!
more info at marketoracle, slate, and washingtonindepencent.com
cnn on wamu appraisal fraud





the 2 best strategies i've found!!!:
1) join thousands in the mass joinder lawsuits by the best lawyer we've found.
2) hit them hard with a forensic loan audit
call me at (562)867-3230 for either solution -jim 



investigate 6 approaches:
1) join thousands in mass joinder lawsuits by the best lawyer we've found.
2) americanloanaudits.com -get a forensic loan audit.
3) read loanrepairnow.com -get a loan modification to lower your payments, interest and principal after a forensic loan audit
4) refinance at thewizardhomeloans.com
5) fight foreclosure with several strategies from beat foreclosure fast .com.
6) at www.getdebtfreefaster.com aka www.zerooutyourdebts.com
moneypark can force banks to acknowledge your payments earlier, and pay off your mortgage and other debts in about 10 years, instead of 30.
with a unique payment calculation program, and a schedule of payments by a bonded adminiatrator,
reduce your debts in 1/3 the time, with no extra payments by you.
see www.zerooutyourdebts.com and click on the online video by moneypark


the orange county register (ca) printed 2 articles on case no. 02cc15162:
oct. 9, 02: wamu "sold clara and francisco alonso's $650,000 yorba linda
house from under them because of a $51.56 error."  
on tuesday, a judge called the foreclosure "horrendous."
  
"undo this transaction," orange
county superior court judge james p. gray told washington mutual

oct. 23, 02: "bank returns family's home" (wamu "sold house due to $51.56 error")
(judge: "... make sure this doesn't happen again." "we're really dealing with people's lives here."


according to a usa today 10/8/02 article:  "they received a default notice, but in july
2002 entered into a repayment agreement with the bank by which they would
make monthly payments in the amount of $3,994.89, beginning in august
2002. on august 30, 2002, mrs. alonso went in person to washington
mutual to make the first payment, but did not have a copy of the repayment
agreement with her. she asked a teller to look up her home loan account and
was told that the amount due was $3,943.33. relying on that information, she
wrote a check for that amount. 
on september 10th, the alonsos received a letter from washington mutual,
returning their check and informing them that, as partial payments were not
acceptable, the loan was immediately in foreclosure. their efforts to pay the
remaining $51.56 fell through as they were never able to connect with the
bank's designated officer, even though repeated attempts were made.
washington mutual informed plaintiffs that if they did not enter into a
modification of their repayment plan, they would foreclose on the house on
september 24, 2002. to their complete shock, the alonsos learned that their
home sold at foreclosure on september 20, 2002."




get inside job dvd!










many ways out of foreclosure:
forebearance, short sales,
loan modification, bankruptcy
what's best for you?
beat foreclosure fast .com






forensic loan audits
find laws your lender violated
to negotiate a loan modification
tila, respa, hoepa, etc
america loan audits.com











secrets of
foreclosure defense
written by a foreclosure attorney:

don't let them take your house!

learn the secrets of foreclosure defense,
or lose your home.
this report can save your home!


learn the tricks the mortgage companies don’t want you to know.




free ebook to
fight your lender

get a free copy of my challenge your lender workbook and learn how to begin building the paper trail that you will need to defend yourself and to prove the wrongdoings of your lender and loan servicer. 




strategic mortgage default

explains all the issues to decide whether to stop paying your mortgage.
it explains what will happen if you walk away from your property. 





bankruptcy strategies
claiming maximum benefits under chapter 7 and chapter 13

a 235 page success manual in a downloadable e-book format. it is designed to first compare options, determine qualification for various alternatives including chapters 7, 11 and 13, and explain options when filing bankruptcy.




loan mod guidebook

the most comprehensive step by step loan modification guide on the internet
step by step


write a winning loan mod proposal
craft an effective hardship letter
stop the foreclosure process
lower your rate and payment
reduce your balance owed
get a 60-90 day forbearance
and much more!!!






stop foreclosure

this is a manual on how you can slow down and
even stop the foreclosure of your home.

challenge the banks legal authority to foreclose on your house.
when challenged correctly, they have to go away and you can keep your home owing nothing. 
















others claim wamu also: (see www.ebizcritique.com (now gone?) for details -summary below)



other sites:
wamufraud.com
washingtonmutualsucks.com
biznetonline.com
get a loan modification
beat foreclosure fast .com
american loan audits .com





1) extorts late charges by posting payments far after they're received
2) never returns phone calls or answers letters
3) forces "escrow accounts" for property taxes, despite deferments
4) overpays property taxes, fails to correct, then puts mortgage payments in "suspense"
5) charges late fees for "early payments"
6) miscalculates terribly
7) loses payments
8) enrolls you in fee-charging programs without your knowledge
9) long hold times on phone, incompetent help, no follow-up, gives wrong numbers out
10) law foundation sued wamu for "alleged practice of illegally seizing elderly and disabled clients' protected social security benefits"
11) gvickner said: "i have never witnessed such incompetence in my life!"



reader feedback on this website: (just a few of the many)

i just recently quit wamu....  you can not be an honest person and work there.  everything you have stated here in your website is true.  

do you know if any class actions have been started to address the predatory way wamu charges checking accounts (in my
daughter's case) hundreds of dollars in overdraft fees which they incur by timing postings to the disadvantage of the account
holders?

i am a former loan consultant with wm. i was terminated for criticizing the poor customer service the clients
received and for sending a copy of a credit report to the customer who had been involved in an auto accident and did not understand
what was going on. i was only trying to help the poor woman. in the 13 months i was employed by wm, i had witnessed some of the most
appalling incompetence ever. documents were routinely lost and clients could never get the status of their loan. some loans lasted over a year.
wm is company of failures and does not fire incompetent and mediocre managers, just recycles them.
customers do not realize the risk they run by applying online or over the phone. just a punk kid on the other end
who really does not care.

i fedex'd a cashier's check to bring a mortgage current on behalf of a client that wamu received and signed for 1/3/02.  they did not post the funds until june. 
 the entire time they threatened to begin foreclosue (again).  i had to get the dept of commerce involved for them to admit they even received the money

i have had nothing but problems with washington mutual from the day they took my loan over. i would say that my
experiences mirror all the others i have read.
my husband filed a complaint with the u.s. attorneys office in san jose, ca. in order for the u.s. attorney to
have the fbi  investigate the charges and not treat it as a civil matter i need everyone who has posted to all the
sites to send their information to :
united states attorney
federal building
third floor duty attorney
280 so. first street
san jose, ca 95113


few weeks ago i refinanced my mortgage. my previous lender was fleet bank (i was very happy with them), approximately 1 year
ago my loan was purchased by washington mutual. since the day it happened the process that used to be a "regular bill payment
procedure" became a lengthy, confusing and full of surprises set of events. i found that by sending my bill between 1 and 5th of each
month hardly made it to be paid by 16th !!!!!!!! 
my point is i tend to agree with you that they might have been posting payments late just to charge the late fee.

june 2001 wamu lost a electronic payment which put me delinquent 30 days every month untin january 2002. they have proof
that the payment was sent but claim never to have recieved it. one of the customer service reps actually told me that the post
office was to blame for the damage done to my credit and there was nothing that they would do for me. 

wamu gave 
my loan to their sub-servicer, litton loan servicing, over 60 days ago. i 
filed a respa complaint and a dispute may 11 with litton, and now they are in 
violation of respa and my loan contract also! 
my att'y believes that wamu has violated my contract, meaning wamu should 
have to pay all attorneys fees.

i filed for a car loan with wm, during 
this initial sign-up, we paid to have the vehicle registered. well, come a 
few months later, i get pulled over because the vehicle shows up 
unregistered.  we finally discover that the papers 
for the registration could not be found.  in other words, the vehicle was 
never registered, and the papers for this loan are missing.  we had the 
cancelled check. after about a year of playing phone tag with at 
least 4 different wm departments, they finally decide to cut a check to dmv 
to pay for the registration.  yet, refused to pay for our car rental fees, 
since we could not drive the vehicle, nor our time off from work, we had to 
take to get this matter taken care of.  

wamu let someone walk into a branch office, switch addresses on both a
money market account, a checking account, and set up telephone banking.  a few
days later, this guy does about 5 telephone transfers from the mm acct
into the checking acct and, of course, writes checks to everyone.
i didn't realize that this was happening or that statements had stopped
coming...  wamu tells me that they're not going to
provide restitution claiming that i'd exceeded the statutes for notifying
them of a problem.
i filed an id theft report to the california department of motor
vehicles and the woman who took my report said that just that morning, her
fraud unit had this big "what's-with-washington-mutual?" discussion.  the
california dmv gets a lot of these id theft claims, but she said that a
large percentage of them centered around wamu and the dmv investigators were
questioning if something was up with that bank.  i'm sure it's more than
coincidental--that bank is out-of-control.





washington mutual appears to have explicitly broken 4 federal laws:
1) 15 usc § 1601 et seq.:  truth in lending requires that banks disclose all details of the transaction
2) 12 usc § 1831n(2)(a):  requires banks to follow "uniform accounting principles consistent with gaap"
3) 12 usc § 2605 respa: requires that banks acknowledge & respond to a "qualified written request".
4) 15 usc § 1611  whoever willfully and knowingly (1) gives false or inaccurate information or fails to provide information which he is required to disclose under the provisions of this subchapter or any regulation, 
washington mutual also appears to have broken state laws:

1) business and professions code 17200  (for unfair and deceptive business practices), 
2) unjust enrichment, 
3) breach of fiduciary duty, 4) conversion,    
5) negligence and 
6) violations of the (wa & ca) consumer protection act
7) violations of california civil code 2943 for not supplying payoff demand statements, if requested by mail
wow!! they and the trustee (calif reconveyance) break civil code 2943, too!!!
i have repeatedly requested the payoff demand statement by mail: they just ignore it!



i have found washington mutual impossible to work with
mortgage payments sent in plenty of time were always posted as late, so i have had to go into the branch and buy a money order and have them send it to avoid more late charges.  it appears from lawsuits and complaints from others that this is how they make extra money.
i had a prop. 13/prop. 58 property tax reduction that the la county assessor disallowed until i won the appeal.  (after that, the tax collector just wasn't coordinating with the assessor yet.)  when i wrote washington mutual on 11/13/98 about the situation, they refused to answer my letters and paid the tax collector the wrong amount, and caused near foreclosure many times by extorting larger payments and late charges, until i got the tax collector to refund their overpayment ($3,000).
i have found major irregularities in their disclosure and accounting practices.  i started writing them on this in november 2001, and have been writing them since.  they overtly break respa law by refusing to even acknowledge my letters (all sent certified mail w/ return receipt), let alone answer them.
i have filed complaints with the bbb and the federal office of thrift supervision, among others.
washington mutual will not answer any letters on any subject!
(this is a direct violation of respa law! -do they want lawsuits?)


they break california civil code 2943 by not providing a payoff demand statement when requested by mail, as well.




we should all complain to the office of thrift supervision, but they try very hard to close the case, even for a bogus reason.  when i found out wamu's ceo kerry killinger was on the board of directors of the ots, i learned why.  the fox is at the head of the chicken-coop security.





check out 8 major class action lawsuits against washington mutual:

1) http://www.mortgagedaily.com/wamu3-21-01.html (class action by girard & green, llp, [sandoval v. washington mutual, inc., et al., pending in washington state court, pierce co. sup ct. civil#01-2-06488-1 (fbh)] which alleges "deceptive, unfair and oppressive business practices directed at mortgage loan borrowers".),
(green, fauth, and jigarjian (sf, ca)[formerly girard & green]: wamu "engaged in deceptive, unfair and oppressive business practices directed at mortgage loan borrowers, and breached the mortgage loan contracts which govern their mortgage loan servicing transactions. these practices include failing to post payments received from borrowers in a timely fashion and then charging the borrower a "late charge" and additional interest; imposing improper "property inspection" fees; and failing to respond to borrower complaints or remove improper charges assessed to borrowers")
http://www.classcounsel.com charged wamu, et al. "with violations of the washington consumer protection act, breach of contract, and breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing"

also, joined by http://www.lieffcabraser.com (lieff cabraser: wamu "routinely assessed improper property inspection fees in violation of federal regulations, and in breach of its own mortgage contracts. plaintiffs also allege that bank united/washington mutual regularly assesses improper late fees and finance charges on payments timely made by customers that are received during the contractual fifteen day grace period provided in the mortgage contracts.)"


2) http://www.mortgagedaily.com/wamuclassaction080301.html(class action by cohen, milstein, hausfeld & toll,(in pierce co. sup. ct, washington) which alleges "deceptive, unfair and oppressive business practices directed at mortgage loan borrowers".),
 cmht.com/casewatch/cases/cwwashmut.htm

3) http://www.cmht.com [1/28/02: dembowski, et al. v. washington mutual bank, fa, civil action no. 02-2-03866-2sea (superior court of washington state, king county)] for wamu customers only, that were not with bank united as well (see pierce co suit above)

4) http://www.mortgagedaily.com/wamu061501.html($71 million awarded in mississippi for "not disclosing insurance premiums included in loan renewals")

5) http://www.classactionamerica.com/cases/case.asp?cid=507 (briseno v washington mutual bank [filed 1/1/98] alleges that the bank victimized at least 25,000 homeowners since 1993 by overcharging for replacement hazard insurance)[1/25/01:ca supreme ct gave ruling on how trial court to handle this]

6) http://www.lawfoundation.org  (law foundation sued for wamu's alleged practice of illegally seizing elderly and disabled clients' protected social security benefits)

7) http://www.bigclassaction.com/financial.html
(for allegedly systematically misapplying funds to work in their favor, as well as other irregularities.)

8) copy of suit brown v. wamu (la co, sup bc 192874)
paul e. brown, ronald l. courtois, mark a. chadwell, william d. barry, kim s. rea, james n. myers and bonnie myers, et al.    vs.
washington mutual bank, f.a., great western bank, and american savings bank,f.a.
"based on nondisclosures and mis-disclosures of defendants (hereinafter collectively "washington mutual"), unwittingly paid inflated charges for credit reports, real estate appraisals, flood certification fees, tax service fees, wire transfer fees, express document delivery and/or other loan-related services which exceeded washington mutual's actual cost for those services"
"violations of california's uca"
more on class action lawsuits below




i have filed the following complaints against washington mutual:
2/18/02 complaint # 10256637 to the better business bureau 550 w. orangethorpe, placentia, ca 92870
2/20/02 complaint # 0506642002 to the office of thrift supervision, dept of the treasury
1/31/02 complaint # cac2002w-002812-0 to the fdic
3/15/02 complaint to www.ebizcritique.com (now gone?)
to date (3/16/02), washington mutual has never responded to any letter, in direct violation of respa laws.
 note: i have letters from the better business bureau and the office of thrift supervision stating that wamu won't respond.  is wamu for real??? (or is this a cartoon/play company?)



we should all complain to the office of thrift supervision, but they try very hard to close the case, even for a bogus reason.  when i found out wamu's ceo kerry killinger was on the board of directors of the ots, i learned why.  the fox is at the head of the chicken-coop security.





you really need to read www.ebizcritiques.com (now gone?)'s reader complaints (now gone?)
i wrote about possible fraud -wamu appears to have violated 4 federal laws, including respa.
another wrote: "washington mutual purchased my loan about a year ago. i pay my mortgage on the 15th of the month before it's due i.e. pay march 15th for april 1st payment.

i was assessed late fees for several months because the payment was being credited around the 20th of the month (the cut-off day is the 17th). i spent months trying to get this situation sorted out. i was even told not to make my payments ahead of time"
lr9999 wrote:  "run away screaming from this horrible company!!!!!"
foxtrot18 wrote: "wamu "lost" payments, refused to give my sister an adress to send return recipt mail to, and tried anything they could to take their house."
rrtickets wrote: "do not get involved with this company!!i have been trying to get pmi removed from our loan for 11 months and am no closer to a response from wamu than when i started even though we meet all their criteria. every time i call i am given a different number to call or fax my request for pmi deletion and told the previous number i was given was the wrong office. pmi removal office takes no incoming calls and does not return any calls. these are crooks. i want a class action"
abuckner wrote: "they cashed 3 consecutive loan payments on our rental property but did not credit our account -they lost a 4th payment"
seaseal wrote: "washington mutual acquired my mortgage by buying great western. they then paid my property taxes even though i had a deferment."
ontheroad wrote: "if there was ever a banking equivalent for 'slamming' (a practice in the telephone industry of enrolling you in fee-charging programs without your knowledge), then wamu mortgage would probably be one of the worst offenders."
nysres wrote: "i have been having significant problems with wamu as a result of them not paying my 2001 school tax bill accurately and on time. my town assessor received the payment 2-8-02!!!! customer service was atrocious (except for 2 out of 12 reps) with lengthy hold times, false complaint phone numbers, and general incompetence. i sent a letter of complaint to the office of thrift supervision in ca (via the nys banking dept.), and have placed my name of the pending class action suit."
anonymous wrote:"i'm a former fleet mortgage customer. now wa mutual, not by choice.
they lost my payment. much aggravation.  i've been making mortgage payments to various banks for over 10 years. never before have i had this problem. it took 6 phone calls and 2 faxes straighten it out the first time. now it appears they lost it again.
i believe i should look into the following class action: http://63.77.153.51/c-loans.html
see class action take two

http://www.classcounsel.com/firm/caselist.cfm   sandoval v. washington mutual, inc., et al., 
civil action no. 01-2-06488-1 (fbh)  (wash. super. ct., pierce county)
class action alleging deceptive business practices arising out of mortgage loan servicing transactions

http://www.classcounsel.com/news/bank_united.cfm "washington mutual and bank united alleged to post payments late" 
 if you have information concerning the mortgage servicing practices of washington mutual or bank united, or to inquire about your own rights, please contact either jenelle welling (email: jww@classcounsel.com) or robert s. green (email: rsg@classcounsel.com) at the telephone number below.

green fauth & jigarjian, llp
235 pine street, 15th floor    -  san francisco, california 94104
telephone: 415-477-6700  fax: 415-477-6710 email: jww@classcounsel.com 
wamusux wrote: "stay away from washington mutual. i have never seen more blatant neglegence in my entire life."
momma2brien wrote: "problems with wamu adding late charges to our monthly bills. putting our money into *suspense because i fail to pay for their mistake of overpaying my taxes. this month they were late but still overpaid.
feel free to contact me at momma2brian@aol.com"
jkisraft wrote: "ever since wamu took over pnc as the mortgage loan servicer for my home loan (beginning august, 2001) i have not had one payment timely credited to my account. when contacted they usually claim that they did'nt receive the payment. i make my payments on-line through my bank and they maintain records of all payments. i have documented that payments have been received ( proof by signature of wamu employee of overnight delivery) yet the payment was not posted to my account until two weeks later. i am currently investigating the possibility of a class action lawsuit against this outfit. i have also filed a complaint with the office of thrift supervision to have the feds investigate the prctices of this company."
proland wrote: "i was so happy 3 years ago, when i finally cancelled all my accounts with washington mutual due to their complete incompetence. mush to my dismay however, my home mortage loan was purchased by them, and i have to deal with them again! 
i have to call them about every other month due to unexplainable late fees and missing payments. the latest headache is the statement i received today. the statement is dated 12/11/01, and imposes a late fee for a payment due 12/17/01. they are charging a late fee 6 days before the payment is due!!! the payment cleared on 12/14/01, so i'll have to call them again. avoid washington mutual at all costs. by the way, there are several class action suits against them for mortgage late fee abuse and inappropriate charges."
nombody wrote: "don't let them escrow your taxes"
svickner (vickner@hotmail) wrote: "i have been told that there are over 200 people in our town alone that are going throught the same dilemma. maybe this is grounds for a class action lawsuit since wamu is collection our money and not paying our taxes."
gvickner wrote: "i have never witnessed such incompetence in my life!!!!!!!!!!
jimjohn wrote: "i have been waiting (not patiently) for almost 5 months
for wamu to apply my payment for july. i have talked to more than 15 people in at least 4 states as has a representative of my bank who is trying to help. they said it would be settled by oct 19 then i was told they
cancelled all work orders because they had too many to handle. then they opened the work order again and said it would be settled by nov 9. on nov 9 they told me they put the w/o on escalate and would put a temporary payment to my account. another lie. are these people in financial trouble and holding a bunch of payments to make their cash flow better. my advice if you hear washington mutual---- run, don't have anything to do with them."
porear wrote: "misplaced my funds, i've spent numerous hours on the phone (mostly on hold and getting transferred) and after 5 weeks they still can't correct my balances, even after their "escalation team" was on the job. in the meantime my account shows delinquent."


more complaints from others:


(email) justice4me2@yahoo.com at www.angelfire.com/biz2/washingtonmutual/ says:
"washington mutual is unfair
boycott washington mutual"


"this statement comes from my 15 years of experience in the banking industry. i am seeking any and all ex-employees of coast federal bank, home savings bank and washington mutual employees that were affected by the washington mutual take over of home savings. "
"i feel washington mutual cheated me, a single mother of two, out of over $8,000.00"





check out more complaints from many others posted on angelfire.com
the host (justice4me2@yahoo.com) states: "the funny thing about this internet site is that never once has washington mutual ever e-mailed us.you would think that with the thousands of vistors that have visited us that washington mutual would try to make things right. i really think they don't care! we challenge washington mutual to make a rebuttal. "
yosemidee@aol.com wrote: "i have never had such bad service at a bank before. in early may i received a notice for fees due for my safe deposit box. i hand carried my check into the branch and paid the fee. mid july i received a late notice from washington mutual stating that my payment was late and that i owed an additional $5.00 for a late fee. i ordered a copy of my cancelled check and again hand carried it into the branch and spoke with the manager (after having to wait for 30 minute before i was helped.) she made copies of all of my paperwork and said it would be taken care of. this was mid july. i asked the manager at that time to send me a confirmation that my account was cleared. a month later and i still have not received anything from them."
tonya yorke wrote: "no one seems to know who is responsible for a debit card transaction that is taken out of the account, put back in, taken out again, then put back in two times more! the vendor nor the bank could claim responsibility. so, i told them i was going to the bank, withdrawing the balance that they say i have (subtracting outstanding checks) and closing my account. that they better take note because they just screwed themselves out of $200.00 and because they can not tell me who is doing it and that it won't happen again."
someone wrote: "my residence was mistakenly zoned commercial, not residential by cook county. commercial is 33% and residential is 16%. so for every two dollars i pay in property tax i should be paying one. now this is not wms fault. but after court proceedings to get the status of the property changed successfully, i tried to talk this over with wms tax department. how astonished i was to find out you can only fax them, and i have. imagine not being able to talk to a very important part of your mortgage company! i have sent them documentation from the courts and requested that my mortgage be recalculated. i have asked to reply by phone, letter or fax. it is as if my request has fallen on deaf ears."
"krystee" (bettiepage@rhy.com)  wrote: "i was stupid enough to open a new account with my divorce settlement. i opened it with a large check--a certified local cashier's check--, this was all i have to support myself and my two year old daughter. they are holding the check for eleven days. they refuse to call the local issuer of the certified funds and verify it, so guess what? they are earning interest on my check, i am bouncing checks, but i can't feed my daughter or put gas in my car, simply because they won't perform some basic customer service that any other bank would. did they tell me this when i opened the account? no! no matter who i call, no one will help me, this is their policy and they stand by it."
"lindsay davis" (ldavis44@hotmail.com) wrote: "i decided to open up a "free" account at washington mutual, and within 4 weeks of doing so, i received a letter stating that washington mutual was closing my account. the letter gave no reason or explanation whatsoever as to why my account was being closed."
"letsgo420" wrote: "july they deducted a check from my account twice. this caused me to be off in my books, thus in turn one bad check turned into many over the months. when all of a sudden i was over 600.00 over drawn i went in and requested a total print out of my statement, which over three months was a total of 340.00 in just bounced check fees. this took me days to go over and trace back, only to find the cause of the missing money was their fault. washington mutual was not very helpful"
neenee510@aol.com wrote: "if you deposit through the atm" ... "they are holding those funds for 2 weeks!!!! forget living paycheck to paycheck. i called my bank"  ... "this morning again and talked to someone in the branch. i said to her,"this just started happening didnt it?" she agreed. i then asked,"did anyone ever send us customers notice that this was happening?" the answer was ,"no" but, yet they take a fee of $18.00 for there incompetance. its not posted on the atm that they hold it for 2 weeks even. washington mutual does not care for its new customers that they buy through these sucky mergers!! i am taking my $ somewhere else."
jeff brill (of south florida water management district) wrote: "we have always had good credit. washington mu, denied our appllications because they claim i have no job, and we have bad credit. this is bull shit, my pay check is deposited into a account in washington mu. also our checking account is there and they can see dam well that we pay our bills, we get offers from other out of state banks for credit lines. so why can't we get the line of credit simple my wife and i are minority"



analyzing: consumer financial litigation: ca bus&prof code 17200 claims (claims may be predicated on violations of federal law and maintained in state court.




more class action lawsuits:
http://www.coudert.com/practice/washmutualarticle.htm (washington mut. bank v superior court (2001) 24 c4th 906, 103 cr2d 320, could be greeted as a victory for class action defendants. first, it forces trial courts to take a hard look at the commonality and manageability issues at the class certification stage, rather than postponing that examination until a motion for class decertification. second, it suggests that california courts should not bear the burden and expense of nationwide class actions, but that class action plaintiffs should seek redress—at least for some claims—on a state-by-state basis. third, by permitting enforcement of choice-of-law provisions in adhesion contracts, the decision encourages consumer-related companies to do business in california because they need not fear that choice-of-law provisions will necessarily be ignored.)
http://www.cmht.com/ [cohen, et al above] (2 articles: 
litigation against washington mutual bank pursued by homeowners whose mortgages have been improperly processed -march 6, 2002
cohen milstein representing plaintiff in litigation against washington mutual (only) for predatory practices in mortgage services
cohen milstein representing plaintiff in litigation against washington mutual and bank united corp. for predatory practices in mortgage services
http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/business/56299_wamu30.shtml [green, fauth, et al above] (class action on behalf of homeowners nationwide. the lawyers claim that washington mutual fails to process mortgage payments on time, doesn't properly handle electronic payments and neglects to maintain accurate records.)
http://www.dearborn.com/download/calawcases/chapter10.htm (washington mutual bank v. superior court (1999) 75 c.a.4th 773.
this case was a class action suit alleging that washington mutual bank inflated charges beyond actual costs for loan-related services. as an example, $50 was charged for a credit report that only cost $15. charges were also allegedly inflated for tax services, flood certification, wire transfers, appraisals and recording. the class action suit sought damages for unfair and deceptive business practices (business and professions code 17200), unjust enrichment, breach of fiduciary duty, conversion and negligence.
the lender filed a demurer arguing that state law claims should be dismissed since respa and regulation x (good faith estimate) preempt state law and neither provides for a private right of action for violations. washington mutual took the position that there was no prohibition against adding a charge to the actual costs.
the superior court ruled that respa and regulation x do not preempt state law. this decision was affirmed by the court of appeal the case was remanded to trial on its merits.
the court of appeal noted that state laws are preempted only if they are inconsistent with respa or regulation x. congress had declared that no state law shall be determined inconsistent if it provides greater protection to the consumer.)
http://www.mortgagedaily.com/wamudimeclosing010702.html
 (""we sent them a payment and had it returned due to 'no loan number written on the check' and charges followed," wrote a medford, oregon borrower. "we sent them our check again and once again they returned it as they wouldn't accept it because now it was a 'partial' payment compared to the legal and collection charges they imposed upon our loan.")
("one borrower copied mortgagedaily.com on a letter to wamu's ceo, kerry killinger, suggesting that wamu's lack of response to her requests have only made her delinquency worse. she further suggested that wamu uses chronically late paying borrowers as "a reliable source of revenue for companies as washington mutual, which reap millions of dollars in late fees.")
http://www.bigclassaction.com/alphabetical.html (join suit for washington mutual (misapplying funds to work in their favor))
www.spacecoasthomes.com/financing/bruss/law/1999/law1212.htm (now gone) (in florida court, judge allows borrowers to sue lenders -class action borrowers sued for damages due to (1) unfair and deceptive business practices, (2) unjust enrichment, (3) breach of fiduciary duty, (4) conversion, and (5) negligence. 
washington mutual argued that the claims should be dismissed because the federal real estate settlement and procedures act preempts state laws and there is no federal private right of action for respa violations. washington mutual also argued that respa does not prohibit lenders from adding extra charges onto the actual costs of services obtained from third parties such as credit bureaus. 
if you were the judge would you rule the federal respa law prohibits home loan borrowers from suing lenders in state courts for overcharges? 
the judge said no! 
the primary purposes of respa, the judge explained, are to prevent illegal kickbacks and rebates, as well as to inform home loan borrowers of their complete costs. these disclosures are made to borrowers on hud-1 forms, he noted. 
neither respa nor regulation x, which sets out the rules for the good faith estimate of loan charges, expressly preempts private borrower rights of action under state laws for violations, he emphasized. if borrowers were prohibited from suing lenders in state courts for alleged disclosure violations, consumers would be left without any practical legal remedy, since respa does not establish a private right of action under federal law, the judge added. 

more on respa law in california:
(hud's q&a answers to respa issues in calif court case brown v. washington mutual bank, fa)
in suit brown v. wamu (la co, sup bc 192874)


for more on class action lawsuits against washington mutual, search on google or altavista, etc:
google search for +"washington mutual" +"class action"




more about what i have discovered, which most lawyers do not raise in current lawsuits:
washington mutual mortgages are funded by exchanges not loans


when i entered into the mortgage, i thought that the bank was "loaning" me funds from depositors.
i thought that because there was a risk to depositor funds, the interest rate charged was justified.
most others believe the same, and this is considered "generally accepted accounting principles" (gaap) by cpas and other accountants.
the agreement called for a repayment of over $300,000 over a period of 30 years for a "loan" of $144,000.  is this usurious, if they never lent me their own money, and risked nothing?

after reading tom schauf's books at 
  i got and studied booklets published by the federal reserve banks themselves.
in these booklets, i learned that the bank risked no capital.

tom schauf is a cpa & an expert lecturer on banking,
but the booklets themselves tell the truth of the nature of the agreement.
i have learned that banks can deposit my promissory note into an account and take that money and hand it back to me.  this is an exchange, not a loan.  the promissory note that i gave them was the instrument that was deposited to create the money that was given to me.  this was an exchange, not a loan of depositors' money: no bank capital was risked.


recommendations:
i recommend buying tom schauf's 2 books ($20 each): 
america's hope to cancel bank loans without going to court & 
the american voters vs. the banking system the technical guide to america's hope.
(they are easy to read, but often repetitious).
tom schauf's approach requires taking the bank to court.
cpa opinion letters from other cpas, which explain the actual exchange (not loan) process can be enlightening in court.  you should hire a cpa to testify and explain the process in court, as well.  i'm using a great cpa here, near la.
for a while, i suggested letting lawyers zero out mortgages by
depositioning wamu officials and forcing wamu to release the mortgage by reconveyance
because of wamu's apparently consistent constructive fraud and deception:


investigate 6 approaches:
1) join thousands in mass joinder lawsuits by the best lawyer we've found.
2) americanloanaudits.com -get a forensic loan audit.
3) read loanrepairnow.com -get a loan modification to lower your payments, interest and principal after a forensic loan audit
4) refinance at thewizardhomeloans.com
5) fight foreclosure with several strategies from beat foreclosure fast .com.
6) at www.getdebtfreefaster.com aka www.zerooutyourdebts.com
moneypark can force banks to acknowledge your payments earlier, and pay off your mortgage and other debts in about 10 years, instead of 30.
with a unique payment calculation program, and a schedule of payments by a bonded adminiatrator,
reduce your debts in 1/3 the time, with no extra payments by you.
see www.zerooutyourdebts.com and click on the online video by moneypark







full disclosure was not made of the nature of the transaction.
because the nature of the transaction is contrary to gaap (generally accepted accounting principles), and is against what the public believes in general, i believe this non-disclosure of the true nature of the transaction is fraud.
i firmly believe that the public needs to know about this deception, and i believe that a jury would be appalled to learn of this massive deception.  i believe it is necessary for someone to properly use discovery in a court of law and set precedent in federal court, especially in appellate court.  if possible, this should be brought to the supreme court.
to complicate the situation, washington mutual is breaking respa laws, because it is apparently afraid to answer my questions.  i have been asking washington mutual questions about these matters since november 2001, and they refuse to answer.  respa requires them to acknowledge my letters and clarify the dispute.  they appear to prefer to break the law than to answer my letters.

if you want to know why there is no capital for investment left in the us, look at the "unconstitutional" federal reserve, a privately-owned institution that has extorted money from everyone since 1913.  this will tell you why the economy is failing.  keynesian economics doesn't work -read books by ludwig von mises and the austrian school of economics.
(read about billions for the bankers -debts for the people)
for more info on the federal reserve, go to deepinfo.com, especially fed & fed2
on may 23, 1933, congressman louis t. mcfadden, brought formal charges against the board of governors of the federal reserve bank system, the comptroller of the currency and the secretary of united states treasury for numerous criminal acts, including but not limited to, conspiracy, fraud, unlawful conversion, and treason. read details
read about billions for the bankers -debts for the people



email me with your horror stories at jimk@cyberdude.com
for a while, i suggested letting lawyers zero out wamu mortgages by
depositioning wamu officials and forcing wamu to release the mortgage by reconveyance
because of wamu's apparently consistent constructive fraud and deception:

unfortunately, with the advent of the patriot act and bush's violation of constitutional rights at his whim, we feel it is less safe to do mortgage release now.

investigate 6 approaches:
1) join thousands in mass joinder lawsuits by the best lawyer we've found.
2) americanloanaudits.com -get a forensic loan audit.
3) read loanrepairnow.com -get a loan modification to lower your payments, interest and principal after a forensic loan audit
4) refinance at thewizardhomeloans.com
5) fight foreclosure with several strategies from beat foreclosure fast .com.
6) at www.getdebtfreefaster.com aka www.zerooutyourdebts.com
moneypark can force banks to acknowledge your payments earlier, and pay off your mortgage and other debts in about 10 years, instead of 30.
with a unique payment calculation program, and a schedule of payments by a bonded adminiatrator,
reduce your debts in 1/3 the time, with no extra payments by you.
see www.zerooutyourdebts.com and click on the online video by moneypark







visitors since 4/2002:    





powered by:




































site created by jim krage of webcasa.net and j.k. enterprises
email: jimk@cyberdude.com




 
