






















book now

800 433 3097
805 963 4418




  





home
guest rooms
reviews
special offers
amenities
santa barbara
map & contact
 














                                    welcome to casa del mar inn                                

the casa del mar inn located in beautiful santa barbara, california is the perfect santa barbara hotel for a family getaway, a romantic trip for you and your partner or comfortable stay for a weary business traveler.
the casa del mar inn offers ideal bed and breakfast style accommodations and is conveniently situated near several pristine santa barbara beaches and the popular downtown shopping district. our bed and breakfast style accommodations enable guests to choose from a variety of room options. from spacious two-room suites, just right for the whole family, to a charming room for two, perfect for your romantic getaways.
















 

affordable & comfortable rooms casa del mar inn offers a variety of room types. the décor is simple with a touch of modern. the rooms vary from a single queen to a family suite with kitchens. all rooms have a minimum of a 32” flat screen tv, hair dryer, ironing board and wireless internet access. some rooms have a microwave/refrigerator, a kitchen and fireplace.

see our rooms 
 

very close to the beach casa del mar inn is located only a ½ block from the ocean. although our rooms do not have ocean views, we are only steps away from the beach while being slightly further from the noise of the oceanfront road. we are also only a short walk to both the stearns wharf and the santa barbara harbor.

santa barbara beaches 
 

pet friendly bed & breakfast all of our rooms are pet friendly. the pet fee is a $20/night per pet up to a maximum of 2 pets per room. if you plan to travel with your pets, please review our pet policy.

casa del mar for pet owners 
 








book now
king room




$144 - $299








see all rooms 







what our clients say?

if you are looking for a real slow-paced lodging experience you definitely have to check this place out! entering past the outdoor lounge area into the main lobby you get this calm, earthy feel with hints of modern flair. to your left is a dining room where you can enjoy continental breakfasts or their happy hour with complimentary wine and cheese. my friend and i checked in and then went promptly back to the dining room to just decompress in the quietness next to the window. walking back to our room is more like walking through a tiny villa. you don’t have the hum of laundry machines or the pre-fab exterior of so many hotels you’ve been to. no, there are plants and vines and tile walkways. you turn the key and enter into your room (more like a little condo) and fluffy white comforters almost whisper to you to come to bed. the adjustable lighting helps you keep your side lit while the other sleeps. a clean wood desk by the window is a perfect way to do some telecommuting (bring your own cat-5 networking cable!). the shower has complimentary shampoo and body wash dispensers. the other great thing about this place is that it is close to the beach, about a block away. it’s a bit of hike to get to state st., but if you check a map there are trolleys you can ride for $0.25.


amy l. – san francisco
see all reviews 













discount
15%
off






special offers



internet special
there are no internet specials running at this time.

book now



 



            © 2019 casadelmar. all rights reserved. website by eanka







c
d
m
i









