





heart attack prevention  - takeheart health check.










      take your    takeheart health check         now! 
thetakeheart health check        





an ounce of prevention is worth a peck of cure

at takeheart we aim to improve the health of our clients and reduce the work load of cardiologists and heart surgeons. we do this by offering a health check which majors on the risk factors for coronary heart disease and issues a written report. our health check can be taken at a consultation or on-line. we are a mine of knowledge - it is worth exploring.
what to do now:-explore!



site search engine









scroll down this page - you will find much of interestthere is a menu line at the top and bottom of each pagethere are plenty of internal and external linksclick on our logo to  return here


take your takeheart health check 
 takeheart on one side of a4
sign our guest book
about takeheart
the author
site map
index


contact us

what's new at takeheart? 
is there any link between unemployment and heart attack risk?
misconceptions about bad cholesterol
have you ever thought of......
paracetamol does it cause hypertension?

is screening good for you?






understand your risk for developing coronary heart disease - heart attack. takeheart does this for you by measuring a number of clinical variables and feeding the results into an expert system on a pc. we give you a printed report to take home (515). the report covers 7-8 a4 pages and contains the results of the tests, their meaning, calculation of the risk according to the method described by professor g.shaper of the royal free hospital in london and advice. (see an example of a report). the tests include history, cholesterol, blood pressure, lung function, liver function, carbon monoxide, weight and stress assessment. you can come to see us in norwich. we can come to you in the uk. you can take the check over the internet, reports are constructed and checked by an experienced senior physician so may take a day or two to arrive.
takeheart:-

is accurate. you can depend on our results.
reproducible. follow your success.
operated by an experienced senior physician. professional medical ethics apply.
reports in real time. no second trip needed.
reports in writing. share it with your spouse and doctor.
subscribes to the wolfson laboratory eqas scheme. quality assured cholesterol measurement.
is registered with the information commissioner. your confidentiality is assured.
results are published on the web. look them up for yourself.
reports in language other than english. french at present - others if the demand is there.

the takeheart web site:-

500 references.
2000 links.
explanations.
take your test now. 
results of the takeheart health check.
  a 1939 morris cvs 11/40 fire engine known as mavis.
18th century norfolk medicine.

overweight? over stressed? over worked? over smoked? over alcoholed? poor family history? worried? your impending heart attack will wreck your life as well as that of those close to you.
takeheart measures your risk of heart attack, but it doesn't stop there. you are offered reassurance, encouraged to take preventive action or asked to consult your own physician, as appropriate to get you off the downhill slope. a "what if?" section in your report quantifies the reduction in your risk possible if you follow the recommended course of action. there is a book list and a "while i'm here" section.
so, get clicking and explore, but first read our disclaimer.


sightstation.com - get an eye health check and view prescription reading glasses and sun readers. sightstation support various charities including 'aid 2 bosnia' and the 'book wish foundation'.
lost? click on our logo to return to this page.

the takeheart website is a  great resource for you
find your way about our site

find sound advice on how to keep a healthy heart and reduce your risk of heart attack
how to live longer with a healthy heart


a query about heart attack? try our index
you can browse the literature
have fun with our health check quiz
frequently asked questions
lots of links for you
testimonials


keep in touch with takeheart
sign our guest book
take your takeheart health check


our privacy policy
     
     
disclaimer
     
     

top of page
 g.m.clayton 1998gmc register number 0147091







© g.m.clayton 1998






