




beijing travel tips - things to see and do in beijing, beijing guide








  beijing!  travel tips 
tm


home | nightlife | shopping | eating | tourist trail | transport | beijing sights | tips | hotels | online store









don't know anything about 
        chinese food ??










chinese food guide


 




online shopping





beijing guide books

beijing interest books


    hand sanitizers


 



beijing tour guide






	(+86) 13693216569


 




hot ! new !





beijing subway map

    beijing atms
beijing 
    china


 




featured western restaurant





metro cafe 
    (italian food)


 




recommended
sites




tour-beijing.com

e-beijing


 






 


 




this site aims to help visitors, 
both short term and long term get acquainted with beijing.  we are a fairly 
recently established travel guide (july 2003) and welcome your comments, 
suggestions and questions.  our mission is to be the best beijing guide available 
on the web.


here you will find everything you need to have a great time in beijing.  
even if you never intend to visit, or are physically or monetarily unable to 
visit, we hope you can live vicariously through our site.  original 
photography will feature heavily throughout the site.
if you are looking for the 
traditional sights that everyone wants to see when they travel to beijing or 
china, you 
can find them listed in the tourist trail section of our site.  
if its the great wall, tiananmen square,  the fabulous forbidden city or 
summer palace, you can find them all detailed.



if you're looking for something different, you've come to the 
right place.  our beijing sights section can 
introduce you to things that you've never heard of.  strange, funny and 
unusual information, such as why people like to take their pet birds for a walk, 
and how to cross the road  will all be covered.
eating in beijing can be a real challenge but a surprising delight when 
mastered.  our eating section tells you where and 
what to eat, along with essentials like how to order and local eating customs.  
let us be your guide.


the shopping 
section is packed with information on where to shop and what you can buy.  
most importantly we intend to give you important price guidelines and 
bargaining 
tips.  all essential for travel to beijing.



if its nightlife you are looking for we have 
listed the popular areas where beijingers like to play, together with areas 
frequented and popular with foreign tourists.  you can find bars, discos, 
acrobatics, martial arts, singing, dancing, cinema, beijing has it all.



getting around in beijing is surprisingly easy and inexpensive but, 
as with most places in china, the 
language barrier can be a real problem.  our taxi,
bus and 
subway tips can save you time and money.  we can also help you to be 
more adventurous and see a different side of beijing than if you were left on 
your own.



the site will never be complete.  it is a work in progress.  
please bear with us as we update the finer details, and check back on a regular 
basis.  if there is some information you'd like to see included on beijing 
travel tips, please drop us a 
line and tell us about it.
 




recommended tour operator





tour-beijing.com


 




need accommodation  
			?




featured 
			beijing hotels


beijinghotel.us


 




more tour 
			specialists





			advertise here




 






bargain/haggle   
			a great price !










how to bargain in 
			beijing


 




friends of btt





china heritages and attractions




 







 


 



ask a question   
send comments   
send information

all images and content copyright ?2003-2006
blissweb (beijing travel dept.)

beijing travel tips - the only
beijing guide you'll ever need.



