





poetry and music of the war between the states






poetry and music
  of the war between the states

the war between the states was the pivotal event in our nation's history.
    
    if you want only the facts about the conflict, any textbook will do.
    
    but if you want to understand the thoughts and emotions 
    of the men who faced
    each other across the battlefield 
    and those who waited for them at home, 
    look
    to the poems and songs written during and after the war.





[images from the library of congress's selected civil war photographs]


frequently asked questions


index of titles | 
index of first lines | index
of authors


this page is dedicated to 
  my great grandfather private
    henry kelsey hart, 
    texas state militia, c.s.a.;
  my great-great uncle sergeant william allison hart, 
  company b, 7th texas infantry,
  c.s.a.;
  and my great-great grandfather private sandy pratt, 
  company c, 2nd missouri
  volunteer infantry, c.s.a.

special thanks to joel craig for his literary input;
    to dean fowler, benjamin tubb, and kevin laurent for their musical magic;
    and to chuck ten brink, dave smith, and brian hampton for
    their moral and artistic support.

recent additions





all material not identified as being in the public domain or acknowledged to be the work of others (including but not limited to images, graphics, wallpaper, midi files, and original commentary) ©1996-2009 by poetry and music of the war between the states. all rights reserved. may not be reproduced without permission.









  music


the music that plays on this page is ashokan farewell, composed by jay ungar. 

©1983 by swinging door music-bmi. used with permission. all rights reserved. 

thanks to keith laurent for arranging and playing ashokan farewell and
to kevin laurent for making the midi file. ©1995 by poetry and music of
the war between the states. may not be borrowed or reproduced for any reason. 





url: http://civilwarpoetry.org/
		
		
last modified: february 3, 2009 


