



















































re:mote voices — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































remotepush
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














remotepush







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








remotepush

recent entries
archive
friends
profile
re:mote voices






10 most recent

previous 10



links

re:mote voices
re:mote feed
re:mote cinema
re:mote literature



thu, dec. 15th, 2011, 08:06 pm 

russell hobanfebruary 4, 1925 - december 13, 2011an author who influenced me immensely.he'll be missed.link leave a comment | 2 commentssun, apr. 17th, 2011, 02:22 pm eastercon

i am going to eastercon this year, for the first time ever. i've not really done cons particularly. i did worldcon in 2005, because it was in glasgow, and it worked for me. this one i'm doing because a number of friends are going, and for the first time i had the friday/monday as holidays anyway.getting a strange vibe about it though. seems to be a strange buzz about this con, and its hard to tell how much of that is just how cons work, and how much is because this one is particularly odd. i'm hoping it'll be an interesting weekend anyway. hope to get to some interesting panels, even if this year's theme does nothing for me. hoping to get some cool books, get some cool books signed. and i'm taking part in one of the writer's workshops, partly out of curiosity, and partly as an attempt at taking my writing more seriously.i expect there will be a few people here that are going, so i'm interested in feedback/opinions on the whole thing, so comments appreciated.link leave a comment | 4 commentsfri, feb. 4th, 2011, 09:55 pm russell hoban

in october of last year russell hoban took part in the map marathon put on by the serpentine gallery in london. i was there, and heard the actress eleanor bron read from his novel the lion of boaz-jachin and jachin-boaz, followed by russ talking about the novel and his work. afterwards we were able to meet him in the bar, where he signed a copy of his most famous novel riddley walker for me.link leave a comment | 2 commentsfri, feb. 4th, 2011, 05:14 pm a fictional reality

in fiction we trust?wow. it seems like i may have become fictional in these parts. far too long since i posted, despite best intentions. so it goes. 1st things 1st. today is russell hoban's 86th birthday, to celebrate, have a quote from the first novel of his that i ever read:2empty spaces‘a sense of loss pervades the paintings of peter diggs,’ wrote the critic cecil berkeley about my last show at the fanshawe gallery. ‘his palette is muted his compositions unsettling. the figures in his pictures seem about to depart, and there are odd empty spaces that make the viewer wonder who or what is coming.’but that’s life, isn’t it? and those of us who think about the empty spaces tend to paint pictures, write books or compose music. there are many talented people who never will become painters, writers, or composers; the talent is in them but not the empty spaces where art happens,russell hobanamaryllis night and daythe empty spaces is one of those things i find myself thinking about at odd moments within moments. as one does.nextwhat the stars holdmy first piece of fiction for 2011 has now gone online, a nasty little piece for all you tv astrology fans... enjoy. thanks as ever to weaponizeralso, a podcast went online during december, a series of flash fiction pieces based on the 12 days of christmas. my short submission five gold rings was one of the selected pieces. you can hear it at dark fiction.archivei have a number of other stories online from 2010, a number of which it appears i never linked here, so here is a summary of whats out there:weaponizerprospective parliamentary candidate no. 1the ladycut now, cut deeptelling of tales: podcastthe gods are small birdsmythaxisblood & souls1. survivor2. no survivorwhen gretchen met sallyred feverpush artalso worth noting i've set up a tumblr to document/collect and push art!link leave a comment | 2 commentstue, feb. 2nd, 2010, 10:06 pm 

british animation awards8th feb baa 1 - 8.4510th feb baa 2 - 8.4516th feb baa 3 - 8.45the british animation awards happens every february. i've been a few years, if i have been organised enough. in a series of cinema around the country a selection of short animations are shown - a mix of short films, adverts and music videos - and the audience vote, giving each a score which counts to the public selection of the best animation. these dates are for the 3 selections in glasgow, which i hope to go to, the website has the full list for all venueslink leave a commentsat, jan. 30th, 2010, 03:37 pm 

http://pushart.tumblr.com/ - started a tumblr, just to prove that i can't resist signing up for everything. but i also kind of needed a clean slate in some ways, so this is acting as an art blog thingy.link leave a comment | 2 commentssat, jan. 30th, 2010, 03:33 pm 

concerts of possible in interest in next few monthsevent:monday 8 february - imogen heap at abc glasgow event:saturday 13 february - jesca hoop at nice n' sleazyevent:wednesday 17 february - nitzer ebb at the classic grandevent:friday 19 february - marina & the diamonds at oran morevent:sunday 21 february - xiu xiu at nice n' sleazyevent:tuesday 2 march - kathryn williams at king tutsevent:tuesday 16 march - autechre at sub clubevent:wednesday 17 march - mono at oran morevent:friday 19 march - silver mt. zion at art schoolevent:wednesday 5 may - pavement at barrowlandslink leave a commentmon, aug. 31st, 2009, 10:09 pm 

telling of tales - the gods are small birds - telling of tales is a podcast dedicated to short fiction. magnus is looking for submissions to keep the site running. so i had sent him one of my short pieces, which he has now posted online. i am really pleased with how he has read it, he hits the tone perfectly, makes the piece come to life. give it a listen, and if you have stuff to submit might as well give it a go.link leave a comment | 2 commentssun, aug. 16th, 2009, 09:19 pm lunartiks custom tea tour + toy launch @ forbidden planet london

lunartiks custom tea tour + toy launch @ forbidden planet londonoriginally uploaded by lunartik jonesjust paid for my cup of green tea, expect it to arrive by the end of the month.link leave a commentmon, jun. 1st, 2009, 08:04 pm 

mythaxis june 2009 issue is nowonline and live. it contains a half dozen stories, including my latestpiece. in survivor, lei bliley was the only survivor from a firstcontact expedition. physically twisted and broken she was haunted bythe memories of those events. two years later, the whole world knowsher name. two years later and there can be no survivor.there are another 3 new pieces up there, and 4 previous issues worthof material.thanks to noir who illustrated survivor and to mistress onions whoillustrated no survivor.i'm particularly pleased with my contribution to this issue, i hopethat people will read and enjoy.link leave a comment

10 most recent

previous 10




































