






wheeler produces solutions













































skip to content









menu 

close 






bridges




overview



recreational bridges




vehicle




foundations




contact – bridges







railroad




overview



bridge timbers




crossing timbers




borate – btx plugs




contact – railroad







trusses




overview



roof truss




floor truss




contact – trusses







landscape supply




overview



retaining walls




pavers




natural stone




geotextiles & erosion control




edging (concrete, steel, and plastic)




timbers




drainage tile & accessories




salt, mulch, and misc




landscape accessories




contact – landscaping







salt storage




overview



gable / t-wall




shed




accessories




contact – salt storage







agriculture & timber




overview



misc. bridge timbers & piling




contact – agriculture & timber









about





our history




qnap




quality control




locations







careers




contact




search











over 130 years of experience
across many sectors, wheeler is in the business of providing materials specific to your project. whether that is bridge kits, salt storage buildings, railroad specific timbers, roof and floor trusses or landscape hardscapes, every sale starts with consultation. with decades of experience, our staff will work with you to determine the right product for the application. there are no onetime sales. wheeler is here to be your trusted partner for the next one hundred years.











bridge kits
we design and supply vehicle and recreation bridge kits. from low volume roads to regional trails, we offer options for a variety of applications.
learn more about bridges







railroad
wheeler delivers high-quality, qnap preserved, fabricated bridge timbers to class 1 and short line railroads and their contractors.
learn more about railroad materials







trusses
from our plant located in waverly, kansas, we produce roof and floor trusses for residential, commercial and agricultural buildings.
learn more about trusses







landscape supply
servicing contractors in the greater twin cities, we provide hardscape materials including natural stone, concrete block, pavers, edging, timbers and more.
learn more about landscape supply







salt storage buildings
from the smallest to the largest, wheeler designs and supplies salt storage buildings custom detailed to your site and storage operations. the right building starts with consultation.
learn more about salt storage







agriculture & timber products
fence posts, poles, squares and timbers processed at our black hills, south dakota facility straight to you. stock or special order, all preserved with long lasting qnap.
learn more about agriculture & timber products







built to last
wheeler has been a family-owned company for over 100 years. our rich history and experience enable us to deliver only the best products for both public and private infrastructure projects.

learn more










contact




careers






facebook




linkedin








sitemap




privacy policy




copyright © 2025 wheeler all rights reserved





close



