

























home | facebook | member login | contact 



 






 
play beautiful new age pianoin 30-days or less... 
            guaranteed!
experience the pure joy 
            of piano 
            improvisation! join me pianist 
            and teacher 
            edward 
            weiss online as i show you how it's done! with 
            over 150 easy 
            step-by-step lessons, you learn how 
            to improvise, compose, and play what you feel on 
            the piano! no previous experience is needed 
            or required. start playing piano the way you've always wanted 
            to; flowing, peaceful, heartfelt! everything you need to play 
            new age piano - is all right here!! see our special 
            offer 
            below!!
free sample lesson: 
            'nurturing rain!'watch as i show you how to use two chords to 
            create a calm, reflective mood in the sample lesson 'nurturing 
            rain!'play piano in 30-days or less? absolutely 
            yes!what's the big 
            secret? the 
            teaching philosophy here is process over product! you get to enjoy 
            the process of creating first. click above and read all about 
            it! lesson one: oriental 
            sunrise in this lesson you 
            use the pentatonic minor scale and chords to create a free-form 
            improvisation.
lesson two: ocean 
            dreams
here 
            you learn to use the 3 basic chords from the c major scale to create 
            a unique little improvisation. 
            
lesson three: 
            rainforest
in this lesson you 
            use chords in the key of g major to create the backdrop for 
            rainforest. your right hand improvises a melody!  
            
lesson four: morning 
            mistin this lesson you 
            learn how to use the crossover technique along with the scale and chords of f major to create 
            the atmosphere of morning 
            mist.  
lesson five: winter 
            scenein this lesson you 
            use an ostinato pattern along with chords from the modal scale of d 
            dorian. 
lesson six: 
            autumn  plus 
            over 150 more amazing lessons!!here you learn how 
            to use an 8-bar phrase along with broken chords to create the 
            background for autumn. 
            join today and receive this free 
            gift! free book! here is 342 pages of everything new age piano! 
            it's yours to keep - with our thanks just for giving us a 
            try!blow out 
            special... get half-off today!!so... what's it cost to play new age piano? well, 
            if you live in the san diego, ca area and want to take lessons with 
            me, my fee is $60 an hour. for many, that's a lot. so, i came up 
            with an alternative... join me online and save big! you'll get 
            everything i give my private students, but instead of $60 an hour, the course is just $39 $19 a 
            month! learn at home for one low price! stay as long 
            as you like, cancel 
            anytime.
click here to get 
            started!!
 











