










home - floral park chamber of commerce




















































  

















skip to content














menu


home
about

mission & history
welcome
board of directors
committees


membership

directory
member benefits
member pricing
join today
login


live & work

inc village of floral park information
public officials
town of hempstead
town of north hempstead


events

calendar
gallery
submit your event


member login
floral park maptoons
 


















menu


home
about

mission & history
welcome
board of directors
committees


membership

directory
member benefits
member pricing
join today
login


live & work

inc village of floral park information
public officials
town of hempstead
town of north hempstead


events

calendar
gallery
submit your event


member login
floral park maptoons
 




























welcome to the






floral park chamber of commerce























directory 
 
















join 
 
















events 
 
















login 
 















supporting our village merchants, professionals, foundations, charities, organizations, schools and children - since 1953. 
shop local | support your community








platinum members














2024 
welcome new members

























mark your calendar







view event calendar














february member meeting
united methodist church
lots of networking and amazing food provided by
floral park diner, gyro village, j. fallon, and uptown taco
















floral park chamber 2024 business person of the year!
tania lawes
new york islanders director of external affairs and community engagement
the floral park chamber is delighted to acknowledge tania lawes as our 2024 businessperson of the year!
tania is the director of external affairs and community engagement for the new york islanders, and has worked closely with the chamber and it's members for years, supporting the christmas tree lighting event and street fair and much more.
on friday, october 25, members of the board joined tania and her colleagues at the nassau council of chambers of commerce bpoy breakfast at crest hollow country club to celebrate.
we're thrilled to have tania working with us and look forward to further collaboration with our neighbors at ubs arena to come!
congratulations tania!



















october member meeting
trinity restaurant
 
on thursday, october 3rd, the floral park chamber held another dinner meeting introducing the 2025 slate of directors.  executive board:  shane parouse, interim president, marie grant, past president and  christos vassiliou, vice president | board of directors:  noel benjamin, mike jakob, jose rosario, don licata.
many members old and new attending and had the opportunity to introduce their business.  thank you to trinity and staff for the wonderful service and food.



















may member event
cara mia
on thursday, may 2nd, the chamber held its monthly meeting at cara mia.  plenty of networking and amazing food. thank you to cara mia and staff for hosting our meeting.



















september member meeting
villa d' este
on thursday, september 14th, the floral park chamber held a dinner meeting at villa d'este.  there was alot of networking, amazing food and great company.
 
thank to villa d'este staff for outstanding servcie.



















january luncheon at
j. fallons
the floral park chamber of commerce members welcomed in the new year with our first meeting as a luncheon at j. fallon's.
many new members attended and a lot of networking.
thank you marc and jason for a delicious lunch which all the members enjoyed!



















chamber holiday party
chamber members celebrated the holidays together thursday, december 8th at the beautiful floral terrace. music, cocktails, decorations, festive lighting and delicious hors d'oeuvres were enjoyed. raffles raised money for the chamber's annual student essay scholarships.
congratulations to the lucky winners:
ugly sweater contest
shane and ann moynagh of swing the teapot and tulip bake shop
50/50
jennifer stewart|floral park trustee
who graciously donated it back to the chamber
gifts were gathered for the hance family foundation and tricia's kids.
most importantly, feelings of togetherness, gratefulness and optimism for the new year were in the air, and the chamber leadership is confident that 2023 will be a great one!



















annual tree lighting
the annual tree lighting and holiday festival in floral park was bigger and better than ever this year!  many guests enjoyed carolers, holiday music, choruses, dancers, and of course, santa and the lighting of the christmas tree in memorial park.

the floral park chamber of commerce and the junior women's club, along with the village staff, the village's public works and village police department all organized the event.  business participants sold food, mulled wine, light-ups, drinks, toys, wreaths, crafts and gifts to the abundant crowd.

this successful event marks another strong comeback for the village after limited crowds due to covid. the chamber looks forward to continuing the momentum with another great holiday festival next year.



















november breakfast at bridge community church
on, thursday, november 3rd, the chamber held a networking breakfast meeting at bridge community church.  thank you to bridge and floral park diner for providing the venue and breakfast.  it was well attended with many old and new faces.  business doing business together!
our guest speaker, eric alexander, vision long island, spoke about the ny seed grant for small businesses.  if you are a business that started up in september 2018 to present, you many be qualified.  please visit nyseedgrant.com for further details.  you can also reach out to eric at ea@visionlognisland.org.
the village superintendent of buildings, renee marcus, spoke about downtown revitalization grant. the building dept will be forwarding an email with details.  as a community, we need to come together and help keep our community safe and clean.
thank you to everyone who attended.



















2022 floral park chamber business person of the year

chamber board member and past-president, mike jakob of carriage trade insurance,
was awarded the business person of the year for 2022 by the floral park chamber of commerce. mike is an extremely active member of the chamber and community.

the presentation was made on october 28th at the nassau council chambers of commerce annual legislative breakfast at the crest hollow country club.

click here for bio























september lunch meeting
uptown taco
on tuesday, september 8th, the chamber held a luncheon meeting at uptown taco and boy what an amazing meeting it was.  there was over 30 businesses old and new joined us for lunch.  it has been a long time since we met and great to be networking agian. thank you to billy and staff for going above and beyond with amazing food and service.
save the date for our next meeting:
thursday, october 6th, venue tbd.
if you would like to host a meeting, please reach out to info@floralparkchamber.org



















 floral park chamber in the news
floral park chamber elects two officers to fill vacant president’s chair
if you would like to join the board, please reach out to info@floralparkchamber.org
 
































follow us on facebook










floral park chamber












welcome new members
















 












© 2025 floral park chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













516.641.1200 














p.o.box 20093, floral park, ny 11002 














info@floralparkchamber.org 










additional resources






faq
privacy policy
terms and conditions









stay connected!
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram



















 © 

 floral park chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















