




home


































skip to main content











































show products only




top searched products

syloid® mx silica matting agents for coatings
syloid® silica matting agents
syloid® silica
davisil®
ludox®
activcat® catalysts





















            patent no. us 10940460
        



it’s not just about science – it’s about people.




discover innovative solutions 



































promotion

                        a global leader in specialty chemicals, grace produces high-performance chemicals and science-based solutions that enable industries to enhance modern life.
                    
learn about grace 


















            over 1,100 patents worldwide
        










                        we are grace
                    








it’s not just about science – it’s about people.

watch the video
watch the video 




we are grace

it’s not just about science – it’s about people.

watch the video  




it’s not just about science – it’s about people.




























insights from grace




















our culture
growing the next generation of manufacturing leaders
read more >








































pharmaceutical solutions
a proven approach to impurity control across api and rsm synthesis
read more >










































plastics and polymers
maximize savings using catalysts that enhance polyethylene resin production in film manufacturing
read more > 











































coatings
the latest innovations and trends in the wood coatings market
read more > 





































view all blog posts 























featured products





                            shieldex® anti-corrosive pigments
                        



shieldex® silica was engineered as a heavy metal-free solution for corrosion protection in coil, general industrial, automotive, and marine coatings. learn more about the features and benefits of these ion-exchanged anti-corrosive pigments that are an alternative to cr-vi coatings.



                        learn more 









                            syloid® silica
                        



syloid® mesoporous silicas have been trusted solutions for drug formulations for decades and have a unique combination of properties.



                        learn more 









                            unipol unippac® process control software
                        



use unipol unippac® process control software with your unipol® pp technology to optimize your polypropylene resin plant operations.



                        learn more 









                            reflectn™ digital plant simulator software
                        



the reflectn™ digital plant simulator is a zero-risk, offline training environment for unipol® polypropylene process technology licensees.



                        learn more 



















want to talk to an expert? 





product and service inquiries




reach a representative 











for all grace product and service inquiries including:





adsorbents
catalysts and additives
fine chemicals/custom manufacturing
silicas
unipol® pp licensing
safety data sheet

 






non-product related inquiries




contact us 










for all non-product related inquiries including:





careers
community and social responsibility
corporate communications
media relations
environment, health, and safety (ehs)
vendor and supplier submissions

















© 2025 w. r. grace & co.-conn. all rights reserved


        privacy policy
    

        cookie policy
    

        compliance
    

        legal notices and terms of use
    

        logos
    

        products
    

        locations
    

        careers
    

        contact us
    












grace® is a registered trademark in the united states and/or other countries, of w. r. grace & co.-conn. talent technology trust™ is a trademark of w. r. grace & co.-conn. 
 

























