








entertainment depot entertainment depot marketing & book publishers








































041 999 4095 
enquiries@entertainmentdepot.com.au
 

 
 
 










the agency
books
ruby adams
verity
f.f. sake
go direct

scherrie payne & lynda laurence: former ladies of the supremes


peter g. briggs
news
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 












entertainment depot 
marketing & promoting books for selected indie self-publshing authors 
welcome to entertainment depot, promoting books of literary fiction, non-fiction and fun-fiction
entertainment depot is still rockin but after 22 years of corporate artists bookings, we no longer book entertainment. please see our go direct page to book selected artists and services direct.
2025 we changed lanes, crossing over into promoting books by new indie authors.exciting. 
entertainment depot agency australia is on facebook

btw from 2002 to 2024 we worked hard and successfully as corporate booking agents
the ‘name drop’. once upon a time in melbourne australia, we also promoted, toured and assisted:

the former ladies of the supremes, scherrie payne, lynda lawrence and fredi poole.
president bill clinton: the 42nd president of the united states, yes, we listed the president after his reign as the commander and chief, yes, we had a few enquiries but the $1million for security alone by his office was not viable for my clients at the time. let alone his corporate speaking fee and all the and on’s. private jets and all that…
nancy cartwright in her own theatre show: the iconic voice of bart simpson and many other voices on the simpsons and other well known animation voices
we assisted with midge ure’s melbourne gig. scottish singer/songwriter. frontman for ultravox, thin lizzy, visage (songs: fade to grey. vienna. dancing with tears in my eyes. co-wrote do they know its christmas?  for band aid. co-organised the historical live aid international music concert with bob geldof. 
freda payne’s (scherrie payne’s sister) only melbourne concert. band of gold was her stand out hit worldwide.  
bob geldof as a corporate speaker, we tried, but dates and times escaped us. 

in 2022 we celebrated our 20th year in the entertainment business…a little less conversation and a little more action! 
 
 
 








 







 





 





 





 







 
 
  


 
 
 



									
                    copyright © 2025 entertainment depot australia - all rights reserved - website created by webdesign7.com.au
 

 
 
 







