



corona golden elite track club - corona california track and field youth club - southern california usa track & field youth  running club  corona ca - track city










the title of your home page




.





































corona youth track running club - speed and agility training to compete or just to get fit!             “learn by doing”
southern section usa track and field member club























[home] [sign up] [action photos] [meet results] [registration] [brackground screening] [media] [benny brown] [links] [scholar-athlete] [home work spot] [about us] [shop] [sca track meets] [contact us] [membership] [useful links] [community services]










the corona golden elite youth track and field club simply put is one of the best youth speed training and agility sports program of it kind in corona california servicing the inland empire since 1999 developing young runners such as   ben jackson, immanuelâ mitchell, william sutton jr,demetrius wright josh mitchell, eboni sutherland, april sutton, angela mitchel, elijah mitchell,william ouellette jr.  kiarra baker, karissa talavera, shelly brumbaug alexis sutherland,tia perrish and brenda martinez to name a few.
the corona golden elite youth track club is 501(c)(3), nonprofit organization founded by former collegic world class track athletes who are also parents with the most important job to teach children character-building life lessons through sport.  through associations with other usa youth member teams, we provide some of the best sporting events in the country and some of the fastest kids in the nation. usatf youth association has required all a meet sprint events to use fully automatic timing systems since 2002, and most results are posted the same day the event takes place. we also provide football camps and baseball camps speed drills.
coming soon at parents request: summer strength and conditioning training for high school sprinters!
for your high school track & field sprinters
speed and agility!
2017 corona youth track and field sign up 
  tuesday - thursday      5:00 pm.  - 6:00 pm
on the track at corona high school ...... beat the crowd print forms -->
space is limited!  click here to rsvp.
 
for more information, contact coach joel or sonja at:  coachjoel@gmail.com951.444.8676  or  951.858-2013 google map to corona high school track stadium
 


required bag for shoes, sweats, and waterr:
running shoes
feeding you athletic child
monthly membership fees required at time of registration for each athletics!
no parents are allowed on the track during practice!
corona youth speed skill training & development: 

who we are:
the corona golden elite track club  is inland empire and sorrounding cities youth track and field program with well estabilished playing rules and standards that are fair to all competitors.  we provide conditioning, agility and speed training.corona golden elite track club is a member of usa track & field the national governing body of track & field, race walking, cross country, and long distance running, we provide year-round sports training.the corona golden elite track club was started back in 2000 with a few elementary school age athletes. it is now one of the powerhouse youth clubs in corona, ca with athletes ages five to eighteen that competes on a national level.
the ability to take advantage of the potential of one’s body, and do so consistently, will allow youth to be able to run faster, longer while tired is a highly technical skill that is developed through speed training. youth speed training and the skill of running fast, where they can apply it to their own particular sport in the context of their own particular level of inherent ability.
today's youth athletes are tomorrow's champions! as the #1 high school and  junior high school participatory sport, track & field, long distance running,  and race walking offer a variety of competitive and fitness opportunities. youth  competitions takes place in 2-year age divisions, from 10 & under through 17-18.
 done right, youth sports teaches children from grade school through high school incomparable lessons in leadership, handling adversity, teamwork, persistence and compassion. corona golden elite track and field is in it’s 11th year as corona’s preeminent track and field youth speed and agility sports running development and training program.  during the clubs existence, it has helped more than 100 athletes in gaining scholarships to accredited colleges and universities.                          
 
usatf membership: register or renew online!   club #33-0363
the corona golden elite youth track club purpose is to help youth to develop and grow academically, personally and professionally, through our approach the development of positive self-esteem, healthy choices and discipline.  the amount of support and participation generated has encouraged expansion to a year round program for youth sports, development, training and competition in both track and field, cross country and agility training for various sports.
 









