





















agronomy









      skip to main content
    






menu


agronomy





















agronomy

cotton



a research and information center









open search




search











    quick links+



uc davis







main navigation (extended config)



home




resources & links




uc/anr publications




contact us




youtube




other crops















 



































today's tipinsecticide spray coverage and efficacy assessmentin california, cotton aphids and silverleaf whiteflies pose a significant economic threat by producing sticky cotton. insecticide sprays are the primary means of controlling their populations. however, regulations have restricted the use of a number of insecticides (including chlorpyrifos), limiting available options. both aerial and ground application methods are commonly used for applying insecticides in cotton. however, aerial applications become relied upon much more as the season progresses, which is when these pests are most problematic. the efficacy of the insecticide likely depends on the coverage, which in turn depends on the method of application.here we provide an update on an ongoing project that is evaluating insecticide application coverage and efficacy against cotton aphids and silverleaf whiteflies.what's new?variety trials 2020, yield & qualitymanaging race 4 fovnitrogen managementrevised cost studieswhat is fov race 4?fusarium oxysporum f. sp. vasinfectum (or “fov”) is a soil-inhabiting fungus that causes a vascular wilt disease in susceptible cotton varieties. it has been widely recognized in the san joaquin valley since the 1950’s. historically, fusarium wilt in cotton produced visible symptoms and caused economic damage only in susceptible varieties in combination with significant populations of the root knot nematode (meloidogyne incognita). fusarium wilts usually seen in these prior recognized cases were caused by race 1 or race 2 of fov. in recent years, however, several localized occurrences of fov infections with moderate to severe plant damage have been confirmed in the absence of nematode populations.


in these cases, the disease was caused by race 4 fov. evaluations in 2003 indicated that all widely-grown commercial pima varieties tested were more seriously damaged than tested acala or non-acala upland varieties. field trials also indicated good levels of resistance to race 4 fov in some experimental pima varieties. it is significant, however, that many upland/acala varieties field-tested under high race 4 inoculum loads in 2003 were also infected, albeit with fewer symptoms and less damage than in most pima varieties.view our instructional videos on fov






guidelines for growers


general production guidelines


field check newsletter


variety selection (variety trials)


plant mapping


fusarium wilt


cost studies












uc cotton info youtube channel














 




 




 




 








email us • photography sources







 














university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: august 5, 2024 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










