













palace films – aus/nz – official site














      skip to main content
  
















homenow in cinemasnextallaf french film festival 20252025frenchgermanitalianscandinavianspanish & latinoall titlesabout








back to top






 







alliance française french film festival 2025advance tickets now on sale!be among the first to see the best in contemporary french filmmaking at the 36th annual alliance française french film festival, touring australian capital cities 4 mar-23 apr. palace films is proud to be premiering 11 new titles among the selection. read more about alliance française french film festival 2025


 







monsieur aznavouropening night gala - 2025 alliance française french film festival (4 mar-23 apr)tahar rahim transforms into iconic singer-songwriter charle aznavour for this lavishly entertaining rise-to-stardom biography"rich, moving and rhythmic." - le parisienread more about monsieur aznavour


 







the count of monte cristocentrepiece film - 2025 alliance française french film festival (4 mar-23 apr)pierre niney leads a stellar cast in france's blockbuster new adaptation of dumas’ epic adventure of romance and redemption."splendid. executed with all the panache golden-era hollywood epics." - peter debruge, varietyread more about the count of monte cristo


 







beating heartsaustralian premiere - 2025 alliance française french film festival (4 mar-23 apr)adèle exarchopoulos and françois civil star in gilles lellouche’s vibrant, genre-spanning romantic epic"terrific and refreshingly unpredictable. lellouche has created something special here." - damon wise, deadlineread more about beating hearts



previous
next







featured news


now on sale - 2025 af french film festival
 








australia’s largest national film festival - and the biggest celebration of french cinema outside of france - the alliance française french film festival returns for its 36th edition in march 2025! among the line-up is opening night gala monsieur aznavour starring tahar rahim as the iconic singer-songwriter, centrepiece selection the count of monte cristo which stormed the french box office with nearly 10 million tickets sold, the australian premieres of gilles lellouche's hit romantic epic beating hearts and emmanuel courcol's feel-great audience favourite my brother's band, and many more!view the selection

opening night gala - 2025 af french film fest
 










just as marion cotillard was to la vie en rose, golden globe-nominated actor tahar rahim is to monsieur aznavour, transforming into the iconic singer-songwriter for this lavishly entertaining rise-to-stardom biography of the man who beat all odds to not only become one of france’s best-loved entertainers, but personified french culture to the english-speaking world. led by its star’s astonishing performance and stunning vocal prowess, mehdi idir and grand corps malade’s emotional and lavishly-mounted film is a true tour de force as intimate as it is spectacular. read more

centrepiece - 2025 af french film festival
 










pierre niney leads a stellar cast in matthieu delaporte and alexandre de la patellière’s thrilling new adaptation of alexandre dumas’ epic adventure, the first french cinematic treatment of the iconic tale of romance and redemption in over fifty years. a true cultural phenomenon in france (where it stormed the box office with close to 10 million tickets sold), the count of monte cristo delivers luxurious, spectacular big-screen entertainment, at once timeless and electrifyingly new. widely expected to sweep the 2025 cesar awards where it has received 14 nominations including best film, director & actor.read more














palace films
we're an independent, family-owned australian film distribution company, representing films across australia and new zealand since 1965, & the sister division of palace cinemas.













palace films


info@palacefilms.com.au


media resources


media resources



 bluesky
 bluesky
 facebook
 instagram
 tiktok
 youtube




subscribe to our mailing list for updates & screening invitations







copyright © 2025 palace films.








