





home - amish reflections














































































 

 











hand crafted solid wood furniture







 (989) 835-3253









 sunday - tuesday: closed  wednesday - saturday: 10am - 5pm











toggle navigation 





amish reflections


home
featured items
living room 

living room sets
sofas
living room chairs
occasional tables
tv stands
curio cabinets
gliders/rockers


dining room 

dining room sets
tables
dining room chairs
hutches
servers/buffets


bedroom 

bedroom sets
beds
dressers
nightstands
jewelry armoire
cheval mirrors


children furniture
office furniture
contact us

























 





amish furniture store midland mi 














 




						celebrating 30 years in business					


read more in the midland daily news. 






personal delivery anywhere in michigan, shipping available outside of michigan 











featured items 





 

 

 








view more featured items







amish reflections is a family owned and operated business located in midland, michigan. we have been designing hand crafted solid wood furniture for customers since 1994. we provide our customers value that is unmatched by offering you the most amazing selection of beautifully designed and crafted amish furniture, straight from the amish wood shop to your home!these photos represent just a small sample of the outstanding collection of furniture we offer at amish reflections. come visit us at the shop to see our collection of available pieces or to get a quote on a custom piece.we do not use a factory or middleman; we offer authentic amish furniture built with quality and superb standards. we are able to offer you an endless variety of options with an exclusive collection of hand-crafted oak, cherry, maple, elm, quarter-sawn white oak, walnut, and hickory furniture ranging from traditional to contemporary in design. customization in the design, size, and selection of wood is available on most pieces. stop by and experience the value, quality, options and service that are only available at amish reflections! 















amish reflections 



hand-crafted furniturecustom furniture piecestraditional and contemporary furniture designsolid wood furniture 







solid wood options 



oakcherrymapleelmhickoryquarter-sawn white oakwalnutrustic cherryrustic walnutrustic qswobrown maplerustic hickorywormy maple 















 











we guarantee unparalleled service and quality furniture. for more information, contact us any time within business hours.visit us at 54 ashman circlemidland, michigan 48640(989) 835-3253 or email us for a free quote!your hosts and ownersof amish reflections arelanis & george swaneyserving all of michigan! 











living room 



 



amish reflections offers a large selection of custom living room furniture. come into our showroom and let us help you design your new furniture. 






learn more











dining room 



 



amish reflections has a large selection of solid wood table and chairs that allows you to design a unique solid wood dinning set for your home. 






learn more











bedroom 



 



amish reflections offers solid wood bedroom furniture for sale and can be customized per order to fit your exact design needs. 






learn more











office 



 



amish reflections offers solid wood bedroom furniture for sale and can be customized per order to fit your exact design needs. 






learn more


















they always understand what you’re looking for…i love this place…and i will always buy from them.
cheryl d



we recently had our new beautiful custom-made master bedroom set delivered and just love it! not only were we able to choose the solid wood stain, and the hardware, we were able to change a bed design to our desired dimensions. my past perception was that the store focused on oak or country style furniture—i was so wrong. we searched for a top quality modern set for months before comparing with amish reflections. this is by far the best choice, quality, and price that we found. we could not be more pleased! we highly recommend amish reflections to gt exactly what you want. thank you!
julie and pat carey



nice selection of furniture and accessories, great to see craftsmanship.
shirley b

















 

 

 













primary communities served 







auburnbay citycarrolltonchesaning 







colemanedenvilleessexvillefrankenmuth 







freelandhemlockkawkawlinlinwood 







midlandmillingtonoil cityquanicassee 







richvillesaginawsaginaw twp.st. charles 







swan creekuniversity centervassarzilwaukee 







…and all of michigan! 
















share 


site map
youtube
 54 ashman circlemidland, mi 48640
 (989) 835-3253
copyright © 2025 weblocal, inc.



follow 


































