



dime software marketing page










welcome to dime software
index page click on anything that interests you. 


send e-mail or call us at 724.954.3558




to
see a short video of uno de mingo play his guitar, click on this text or
the picture of uno and his brother cody at play. to order a cd with several training videos of uno, click on the buy now button. you can call us at (724) 954-3558.
the cds are $7.95 + $2.25 shipping, 6% pa sales tax is added to all orders. mail a check or money order to dime software, 302 holly road, adrian pa 16210. be sure to include your shipping address and phone
number. this cd makes a perfect gift for children and horse lovers.
there is not any computer editing to the videos -- uno really plays the guitar
and appears to enjoy playing for the sound (i do not honestly think we
can call it music). he has been playing his guitar for about 7 years and
likes to have an audience when he plays. 









click here to read searching for answers or the truth

click here to visit street pool -- tips and tales!

click here
to visit tyler's pumpkin patch.

click here
to visit dime shopping, see pet photos, order pet supplies and other products.


click here to see aerial photos of pittsburgh and western pa in a free slide show.

click here to see a "guard cat", guarding against horse theives.

learn about
gps navigation.; 


learn about
high effeciency wood stoves. 

visit frosty
acres paso fino farm.

small or large parts manufactured
from steel, aluminum, or stainless steel. 

visit split-duct a
revolutionary concept for mechanical protection of cables, conduits and
pipes. 

learn about low
tech software :

nutrition! exercise! & diet program! check
it out! 
vehicle expense account; check
it out! 
expense account; if you use quicken, quick books or if you hate to address envelopes, you need double window envelopes -- check out these prices. 



visit a page using dime software nutrition program to
evaluate low carb high fat
kavorkian? diet. 

see a sample dog
breeders page, or order pet supplies.

dime software
price & product page.


visit
the smallest paso fino breeding farm in the world. 

click
here to see allegheny river data just above lock & dam #7 

send
e-mail

















