



international moulding | service, selection, quality, and price







































useful links
(205)324-5783
17 locations nationwide!



17 locations nationwide!
            



search

contact

my account





home
moulding collections

framer resources

account
sign in
password recovery
register
shop our showroom
moulding
wood moulding
poly moulding
aluminum moulding
discontinued moulding
glass & acrylic
matboard
foamboard & mounting supplies

supplies
equipment

closeouts
moulding
glazing
matboard
mounting boards
supplies
im graphics website







previous

next



explore our design styles & options
im has over 1,000 moulding choices available in a large variety of styles. you can view our products in the product showroom
            or through our moulding catalog. we've carefully curated our product line into over
            100 unique collections. in addition to moulding, im carries the broadest selection of matboard, foamboard,
            glazing, and supplies in the industry - at 17 locations across the usa. we also offer custom printing
            services - from the smallest to largest jobs on a large variety of substrates - visit
            im graphic group for more information.
          
check out our framer resources to explore our catalogs, price lists, ordering information, and more. check
            back often as we try to update our resources on a regular basis.
          















our story
international moulding began with a small frame shop outside birmingham, al in 1988. richard thompson began the
        business after 20 years experience in mergers, acquisitions, and start-ups with sears company. that experience
        led richard to a start-up of his own, the frame factory, and soon he and his sons grew the store to multiple
        locations. with that success came a vision to build a supply chain offering great value and service to frame
        shops for fair, non-inflated prices. taking that concept, and some hard work, international moulding was born.
      
though we are a nationwide company our focus has always been - and always will be - local. thank you for
          considering us to supply our products and services to your business. we are confident we can help in your
          success.
        
 17 locations nationwide
 a team of over 300 employees
 family-owned-and-operated
over the years richard has acquired a number of picture frame supply distributors across the united states.
          many of these businesses are several decades old and bring with them a wealth of expertise to international
          moulding. because of long-standing tradition, you will often hear our staff refer to them by their historical
          names: valley moulding and frame, tc moulding, frame king moulding, culver art and frame, lewinter moulding,
          g&g moulding, quadrant moulding, and mayne framing supply. with these acquisitions, we have built a strong
          national network of suppliers and retained some of the most experienced people in the picture framing
          industry. these companies and their history are a huge part of our company identity.
        

shop categories
moulding
matboard
glass & acrylic
foam core & mounting supplies
framing supplies
equipment
closeout moulding
im graphics - print services
account & shipping info
sign in / sign up
password recovery

stay informed


subscribe*

*subscribe to our newsletter to receive early discount offers, updates and new products info.
            



new online storefront
thanks for checking out our new look!

local deliveries
we have 17 locations nationwide.

online resources
we are adding new marketing and technical resources on a regular basis.
              

industry leading customer service
nothing replaces speaking to our customers, please feel welcome to call our customer service team for
                any issues.
              


â© all rights reserved. international moulding
        















