





northwest bible church: reformed congregation - oklahoma city
















































skip to content

 



 


northwest bible church okc				



proclaiming the historic gospel to a contemporary generation				



 
 

 


northwest bible church okc				



proclaiming the historic gospel to a contemporary generation				



about us

location
service times
contact us
elders
what we believe
church by-laws
helpful sites


sermons

stream
current series
sermon categories
find a sermon


bible institute
giving
homeschool co-op

join the co-op
homeschool events


 



 
webmaster
webmaster@nwbcokc.org





facebook


youtube 








 







 






northwest bible church in oklahoma city, oklahoma, is a reformed church  holding to calvinistic theology. we are in substantial agreement with the london baptist confession of faith (1689), the westminster confession of faith, and concur wholeheartedly with the five solas of the protestant reformation. some of our distinctive features are verse-by-verse expository preaching and teaching, believers’ baptism, and elder rule. we embrace many of the truths of the protestant reformation, especially their emphasis on the sovereignty of god in the salvation of sinners. we believe in the sole sufficiency of the word of god to guide us in matters of faith and practice. most of all, we rejoice in the sovereign grace of god which has granted to us repentance toward god and faith in our lord jesus christ who alone is able to wash away our sins by his shed blood. for more information about us, please see our statement of faith or church by-laws.  to god be the glory forever and ever.  northwest bible church is also a member of f.i.r.e. (fellowship of independent reformed evangelicals), a unifying network of reformed and primarily baptistic churches and individuals that come together for fellowship, encouragement and ministry opportunities.



 
 

















 






© 2025 - all content may be used with permission.		










 search


search for:	







go to top		






