


	public access > home




















































lubbock central appraisal district











home
property and tax information
organization
forms
gis maps
faq
reports
protest information
estimate taxes
board of directors election
protest hearing database










home
property and tax information
organization
forms
gis maps
faq
reports
protest information
estimate taxes
board of directors election
protest hearing database







 

















property search





search







advanced search

























news and information




due to the large volume of payments received in january it is currently taking up to 7-10 business days for online, mailed and drop box payments to be posted and reflected on your account. 
the deadline for submitting a request for written statement about delinquent taxes for tax foreclosure sale (form 50-307) for the march 4, 2025, tax sale is friday, february 28, 2025, at 3:00 pm.  (form 50-307) the form must be notarized, and the $10.00 fee must be paid using certified funds. 
lubbock county appraisal review board-request for appointment
filing for a homestead exemption
if you are contacted by a company offering to file your homestead exemption for a "one-time processing fee" do not respond. there is never a fee to file for any exemption. contact our office to see if you qualify for a homestead exemption.
notice of estimated taxes-ptc sec. 26.04(e-2)
circuit breaker limitation-tax code sec. 23.231
homestead cap explained
notice-procedure for the calculation of market value of inventory
notice to file rendition statements & property reports
notice to file applications for open-space land valuation & applications for exemptions
lubbock central appraisal district is open to the public. our information services and collections departments will be available to accept document submissions and answer questions you may have regarding your property.
several options property owners have that do not require an in-person visit to our office are listed below:

payments and other information may be placed in our drop box located at 2109 avenue q. (please do not place cash in the drop box.)
payments made by check or money order may be mailed to lubbock central appraisal district, p.o. box 10568, lubbock, tx 79408.
payments may be made online or over the phone. please see fee schedule below. the processing fees are charged by certified payments, not lcad. additional payment information on how to complete an online or phone transaction may be found on our website using the following link: payment information






electronic check - flat fee of $1.50
credit card - 2.19% of the amount paid (min. $1.00)
debit card - 1% of the amount paid (min. $1.00)






email – documents, address changes and questions may be submitted to info@lubbockcad.org. all questions will be answered as promptly as possible.
homestead exemptions may be filed online. online homestead filing information
gis maps are available on our website.

online homestead exemption filing available!
you may now file online for residence homestead exemptions. this includes the general residence homestead exemption, disabled person, person age 65 or older (or surviving spouse), 100 percent disabled veteran (or surviving spouse), surviving spouse of an armed services member killed in action, surviving spouse of a first responder killed in the line of duty, and the donated residence of partially disabled veteran (or surviving spouse). to file online, locate your property by using the property search. click on your property and you will see hs exemption. click on the flag to apply. if you need assistance please call 806-762-5000 or email info@lubbockcad.org.
online homestead filing information
visit  texas.gov/propertytaxes to find a link to your local property tax database on which you can easily access information regarding your property taxes, including information regarding the amount of taxes that each entity that taxes your property will impose if the entity adopts its proposed tax rate. your local property tax database will be updated regularly during august and september as local elected officials propose and adopt the property tax rates that will determine how much you pay in property taxes.
tax code section 26.04(e-2)-property tax database
request for electronic delivery of communications
taxpayer liaison officer




tax deferral



homeowners who are age 65 or older or disabled may defer or postpone paying property taxes on their residence homestead as long as they own and live in it. a tax deferral only postpones the tax liability; it does not cancel it. past taxes, penalty and interest become due 181 days after the subject property no longer qualifies as a residence homestead. to defer your tax payments, you must file a tax deferral affidavit with the lubbock central appraisal district. for additional information contact us at (806)762-5000 or email info@lubbockcad.org.



over 65 exemption information no longer available on our website



effective september 1, 2015 we may no longer post information on our website that indicates the age of a property owner. if you have questions concerning an exemption please call (806)762-5000 ext. 5 or email info@lubbockcad.org.
























our mission statement


the mission of the lubbock central appraisal district is to serve the property owners and taxing units of lubbock county by providing accurate, timely appraisals of all taxable property at the most cost effective level possible.

   lcad exists for the purpose of providing services to the property owners and taxing units within our jurisdiction. every property owner should be approached in a respectful, positive and friendly manner. lcad employees have an obligation as public servants to promote goodwill toward all property owners; not only in manner but by example.
    


contact us













chief appraiser: tim radloff


2109 ave q
         lubbock, tx 79411


(806) 762-5000


(806) 762-2451


info@lubbockcad.org



 


hours of operation



m
8:30 am - 5:00 pm


tu
8:30 am - 5:00 pm


w
8:30 am - 5:00 pm


th
8:30 am - 5:00 pm


f
8:30 am - 5:00 pm







 















disclaimer
every effort has been made to offer the most current and correct information possible on these pages. the information included on these pages has been compiled by district staff from a variety of sources, and is subject to change without notice. the lubbock central appraisal district makes no warranties or representations whatsoever regarding the quality, content, completeness, accuracy or adequacy of such information and data. the lubbock central appraisal district reserves the right to make changes at any time without notice. original records may differ from the information on these pages. verification of information on source documents is recommended. by using this application, you assume all risks arising out of or associated with access to these pages, including but not limited to risks of damage to your computer, peripherals, software and data from any virus, software, file or other cause associated with access to this application. the lubbock central appraisal district shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of any cause relating to use of this application, including but not limited to mistakes, omissions, deletions, errors, or defects in any information contained in these pages, or any failure to receive or delay in receiving information said or implied.











