







develop and download open source software - osdn

















































download


magazine


develop





account







download


magazine


develop




 login



forgot account/password


create account


language



help




language




help




×
login






login name





password






login
cancel





×
forgot account/password




submit
cancel




















	develop and download open source software      



yesterday: 0 downloads
total: 79,174 users, 104,397 release files




create account










login name







password







 login






login with github


login with twitter 


login with google


login with facebook









	for oss distribution      

	in cooperation with organizations who are in support of open source software development and its use, osdn provide a download environment of global scale covering all continents and a file-release environment for flexible upload.
      


read more


about osdn




for oss development

	osdn offer open source projects a full service lineup that includes source code repositories such as git/subversion/mercurial/bazaar, web-site hosting features, ticket system, web forums, mailing lists, together with a well-integrated and easy-to-use environment for web-based project management.      


git users


subversion users


mercurial users




download ranking




active projects





new releases






 



      inkf - 2.1.5    

      2025-01-31 15:05: no changelog/releasenote/project description written in this language. please refer link bellow for other languages and/or other release informations.    










 



      manjaro cinnamon - 24.1.0    

      2024-11-23 15:08:   spins by kilz is a project making spins of manjaro and debian linux. the project uses tools from the distributions to make compatible installable media that has different applications and themes than official releases. 
the goal is not to reinvent the wheel, but to polish the desktop.
  100% compatible with the main distribution they are based on.
docks instead of panels.
  custom dark themes.
  desktop effects.
  each release features a full and a very minimal iso.
  due to this page being unreachable by project members it is seldom updated. please visit our main site  https://spinsbykilz.com. 
      










 



      wackowiki - 6.1.26    

      2024-10-06 20:00:   wackowiki is a light and easy to install multilingual wiki-engine. supports wytiwyg-editing, section edit, page rights (acls), design themes (skins), file upload, email notification and much more. compatible with php 8.0 - 8.3 and mariadb / mysql.
  features:
   full revision control
  powerful diff between revisions
  access control through per-page access control lists
  what you think is what you get editing
  section editing
  integrated page commenting functionality
  page watching & email notification on changes/comments
  design themes (skins) support
  template engine
  uri router
  uploads per page or global
  clusters & relative addressing
  automatic table of contents generation
  on-the-fly correction of punctual typos & spec. characters
  completely multilingual (unicode)       










 



      genji-20241006-v4.02 - genji-20241006-v4.02    

      2024-10-06 17:02: no changelog/releasenote/project description written in this language. please refer link bellow for other languages and/or other release informations.    










 



      asud v1.1.2 - v1.2.4    

      2024-06-20 22:10:   **ver 1.2.4 -- ddjun2024**
  * added dynamically definable set overlays to augment the 9 pre-defined ones.
* added a checker program to insure puzzles have a unique solution (sol2.adb).
      







 



site announcement






      [done] maintenance for infrastructure full replacement    

      2021-01-12 02:24:   this maintenance has been completed at 18th jan 08:30 utc
  thank you for your cooperation.
  all services of osdn.net will be temporary unavailable on 18th jan for infrastructure full replacement.
  schedule:  services will be offline from 18th jan 0:00 utc to 12:00 utc
  affected services:   all osdn.net services include web access, api, shell, project web scm etc...
  various hosts ip addresses will be changed after the maintenance. note: if you setup vhost dns etc uses a record (to use ip address directory insted of cname we recomenned), you will need to change them after the maintenance.       










      mirroring feature of github release to osdn project storage is beta open    

      2020-05-25 01:05:   mirroring feature of github release to osdn project storage is beta open.
  please refer  this  for more details.
      










      mirroring feature of  github release to osdn file release is beta open    

      2020-05-07 02:13:   mirroring feature of  github release to osdn file release is beta open.
  please refer  this  for more details.
      










      osdn.net is ending ad banners and starting new file synchronization feature with github    

      2020-04-27 07:01:   we are proud to announce two major changes on osdn.net.  first, osdn division of appirits inc. has decided to put an overall end to ad banners that profit the osdn.net administrator side.  also coming soon is a new synchronization feature with github for file release and storage.
  background  in 2000 when the antecedent organization of osdn was founded, there were three "d" s that were deemed inevitable for the open-source community to work on open-source development: develop, distribute, and discuss. osdn laid down a basic policy whose aim was to engage in activities to support the three "d"s. it has been over 20 years since then, and the environment surrounding open source has continued to change dramatically. nonetheless, those three "d"s still remain to be important to the community even now. osdn offers features that support the three "d"s to all the open-source-loving communities for free, and it is our essential policy to carry on with our commitment to support these activities. 
  osdn's activities of the last twenty years were supported by the revenues generated from the ad banners posted on osdn.net.  however, having seen problems after problems of inappropriate and fraudulent advertisements that occurred on our former partner site in the us, and being faced with the excessive evolution of adtech, it is becoming more and more unavoidable to take actions to ensure privacy protection. it is also true that the ad banners that occupy so much of the space are making it difficult for us to provide ideal ux and ui.
  even after our brand name was changed in 2015, osdn.net has continued its steady and stable growth. last month, osdn.net recorded its highest number of unique users. yet, appirits inc., who recognizes open-source technologies as the foundation of its business, figured that by making osdn.net free of ad banners which profited the company, appirits can exhibit its supportive stance toward the open-source community, and it is more important to further foster the growth and development of osdn.net.
  schedule for no more ad banners  for about half of all the osdn.net pages, ad banners will be removed immediately, which is scheduled to happen at the end of may. however, there are exceptions of some download pages (pages where downloading of files take place) that are allowed to continue posting ads. please note that ad banners will continue to appear on osdn magazine for some time.
  financial support offered to open source projects  now here is the reason why there are exceptions to the no more ad policy. we have been offering financial support to some of the open-source projects as a part of our activities, and so we will continue to allow these projects to post ad banners only on their download pages.  all the revenues that are generated from the ads posted on these pages will go to the open-source project side.
  moreover, for projects whose scale has reached a certain standard, we are planning to create a mechanism that enables open-source projects to post ad banners or donation guide on their own.
  synchronization feature with github for file release and file storage  in may 2020, we are introducing a new sync feature with github for file release and file storage. this new feature enables the target release/tag in the github repository to be automatically synchronized to osdn.net, and it is available for both file release and file storage. this allows users to simultaneously release software via osdn.net global mirror network when there’s a new release on github.
  - for file release feature: (scheduled to) start offering beta on may 7, 2020. 
- for file storage feature: start offering beta in may 2020. (the exact timing will be decided after having examined the new feature on file release.)  
  under the circumstances in which the novel coronavirus continues to spread around the world, appirits recognizes that there are more and more roles that open source can and should play, and we will continue to commit ourselves to the growth and development of osdn.net and support infrastructures dedicated to the open-source community.
  --  
shuji sado 
general manager of osdn div., appirits inc.
      










      starting the global version of osdn magazine    

      2020-02-26 14:19:   we have set up a new column called osdn magazine, which delivers open-source related news.  in the side header, there is a tab called magazine, which you may have already notice.  you will see some news articles there.
  we originally translated some open-source related news sites, like newsforge and linux.com, into a japanese, and we ran a website centered on them.  still to this day, we run the website, which is called osdn magazine.  having such background,  osdn magazine had been a website that only supports japanese, but now we are determined to gradually globalize it.
  currently, there are only few articles, but our plan is to offer more and more contents besides news articles in the future.
  osdn magazine 
 https://osdn.net/mag/ 
      







 



recent magazine articles
















about osdn

site announce
about osdn
privacy
terms of use



find software

search
find by categories
download ranking
project ranking



develop software

create project/chamber
what's new
recently registered project
chambers map
api




help

help docs
contact us
report abuse/spam






copyright ©appirits inc.





