













green harbor waterfront lodging: hotel in falmouth ma on cape cod






















































green harbor waterfront lodging


green harbor waterfront lodging navigation menu

skip to main content
welcome
blog
sitemap
photo gallery tour
all guest rooms
policies
find us
pet friendly
things to do
accessibility statement
about us





official site: get your best rates
we guarantee our best prices are available directly through this official website
book direct









call (508) 548-4747 for assistance


    


check availability 




menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
rooms and rates

guest rooms

view all guest rooms
beachside guest room
beachside kitchenette
waterfront guest room
waterfront kitchenette
cape cod cottage


check availability
book now


about us

about the inn
pet friendly
policies
blog


gallery
things to do
find us

map
directions
contact us


 
















 accommodations






 pet friendly






 attractions









green harbor waterfront lodging, a cape cod hotel




green harbor waterfront lodging offers cozy, comfortable cape cod hotel accommodations overlooking a scenic ocean inlet. use our free boat ramp and dock for your own boat as a cost-saving alternative to a cape cod marina.
our cape cod lodging in falmouth, massachusetts, is located a little more than an hour’s drive from boston, ma and providence, ri near must-see new england attractions. our cape cod waterfront hotel is minutes to the island queen ferry to charming martha’s vineyard island, highfield hall & gardens cultural center and falmouth museums on the green with unique exhibits and insight into one of america’s oldest and still flourishing communities.
birthplace of katharine lee bates, author of america the beautiful and creator of mrs. claus, falmouth is also home to world-renowned woods hole oceanographic institute (whoi) that led the titanic discovery, martha’s vineyard’s year-round steamship authority ferry and a free research aquarium. a photo-must is iconic nobska lighthouse.
our falmouth, ma vacation lodging is near five of cape cod’s best golf courses, cape cod winery, bad martha’s brewery and cape cod’s finest fishing in vineyard sound and nantucket sound.

scenic 11-mile shining sea bikeway winds along warm water cape cod beaches: falmouth heights beach, surf drive beach and old silver beach.
cape cod whale watching departs at barnstable (near hyannis, cape cod jfk museum and cape cod dinner train) and provincetown, with its pilgrim monument and art’s dune tours’ cape cod national seashore experience.
plymouth! living history museum, the mayflower and plymouth rock in plymouth, ma tell the extraordinary story of america’s beginning and its continuing relevance today. “plymouth 400” celebrates the pilgrims’ 1620 landing with events beyond 2021.
newport, ri, mansion tours showcase the gilded age’s rich and famous playground.
for an authentic cape cod travel experience, green harbor’s amenities abound:

waterfront and beachside, non-smoking rooms w/slider to patio or balcony include studios w/kitchens and traditional rooms w/microwave, fridge, coffeemaker
3-bedroom/3-bath cape cod cottage w/ living room, fireplace, eat-in kitchen
private boating beach w/free boat ramp and dock for guests
large heated outdoor pool w/ waterview sundeck
waterside sand firepit
cape cod lobster clambakes
large lawns w/bbq grills, umbrella tables, swings, games, shuffleboard
free high-speed internet
pet-friendly accommodations

thank you for visiting www.gogreenharbor.com in your search for a falmouth, cape cod, ma hotel located near east falmouth, woods hole, mashpee, new seabury, popponesset, centerville, cotuit, cataumet, pocasset, bourne, sandwich, buzzards bay, hyannis, and barnstable.
we also invite you to visit our sister property, shoreway acres inn, another unique part of the falmouth community, offering a glimpse of authentic cape cod life, past and present. click the shoreway acres logo further down this page to learn more.

read more 





 accommodations

learn more 






 pet friendly

learn more 






 attractions

learn more 






 the cottage

learn more 




official sitebook here for best availability and ratesbook direct


read our recent posts
 many thanks and looking ahead to...
as a family owned and operated lodge we would like to take a moment to thank you all for supporting small business... read more
 









 








green harbor waterfront lodging
134 acapesket rd east falmouth, ma 02536 phone: (508) 548-4747
https://www.gogreenharbor.com/    info@gogreenharbor.com
latitude: 41.5713441 longitude: -70.5670193














© green harbor waterfront lodging 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing. photography by meredith jane photography accessibility statement | privacy policy | site map


















 


