















san antonio riverwalk information and resources.



















































 


 

skip to content



  




home
riverwalk & san antonio hotels
riverwalk restaurants
things to do downtown 

bars on the riverwalk
riverwalk boat cruises
san antonio attractions
the shops at rivercenter
historic market square
the alamo in san antonio
kayaking the riverwalk
theme parks in san antonio
fiesta texas discount coupon
riverwalk dining cruises
sightseeing tours
calendar of events
carriage rides
san antonio golf courses
arts and culture in san antonio
advertise with us


riverwalk resources 

parking
discount coupons
fiesta texas discount coupon
san antonio vacation packages and hotel deals
san antonio resorts
event calendar
disability access on the riverwalk
frequently asked questions about the riverwalk
photo gallery
history of the riverwalk
san antonio tourism information


  












san antonio riverwalk information and resources
are you looking for information about the san antonio riverwalk? you have come to the right place! the riverwalk is one of the most visited places in all of texas and the greater san antonio area has a world of fun and exciting things to experience and see. san antonio and the riverwalk feature luxurious hotels, delicious dining and restaurants, exciting theme parks, attractions, and great nightlife and entertainment. look around our website and plan your next visit to san antonio!
today, there is even more to experience on the riverwalk and in downtown san antonio. you can enjoy the shops and restaurants in the pearl brewery complex, stroll the museum reach area where people work and live, bike and hike on the mission reach and you can even kayak the riverwalk!
if you are looking for even more san antonio riverwalk information and resources, just email us at info@sanantonioriverwalk.com and we will be happy to help! what’s happening on the riverwalk 
this week 2/10/24
live music & entertainment on the riverwalk7 days a week. mad dogs, prost haus, on the bend & others. various times.click here to learn more.live music at the rose san antonio2/13 to 2/15. the rose san antonio. 9pm-1am.click here to learn more.san antonio stock show & rodeo2/6 to 2/23. frost bank center. daily.click here to learn more. tower market days2/15.  tower of the americas.  11am-4pm.click here to visit their website.jazz, sip and cruise toursevery friday 1/10 – 2/28. go rio cruises. 7pm.click here to visit their website.
click here to view our full event calendar!san antonio riverwalk information
restaurants on the riverwalk
looking for a great restaurant on the riverwalk? look no further!click here for restaurants on the riverwalk.
stay on the riverwalk
looking for a great place to stay on or close to the riverwalk? we have lots for you to choose from!click here for hotels on the riverwalk.
hotel deals and vacation packages
hotels are offering some amazing rates right now so don’t miss out and plan your next trip to the riverwalk!click here for hotel deals!

river boat tours
cruise the river and enjoy a boat tour from go rio cruises. 10am to 10pm daily.click here for boat tour information.click here to purchase your go rio cruises boat tour tickets online.prices shown on purchase tickets page include the 8.25% san antonio/texas sales tax.tickets are sold by trusted tours & attractions, an authorized go rio cruises ticket reseller.

the tower of the americas
the spectacular tower of the americas is a “must do” when you visit san antonio. the 750 foot tower features an observation deck, the chart house revolving restaurant, bar 601 and an amazing view of the city.
click here to visit the tower of the americas website.
riverwalk dining cruises
a riverwalk dining or cocktail cruise is an amazing way to see the river. click below to learn about your options.
click here for dining cruise information.
sightseeing tours of downtown san antonio
enjoy a fun hop-on, hop-off sightseeing tour from old town trolley tours san antonio.click here for sightseeing tours.
kayaking on the riverwalk
for a limited time go rio cruises and mission adventure tours are offering weekend kayaking on the downtown section of the riverwalk.
click here to learn more.
six flags 
fiesta texas
san antonio is full of exciting attractions and a day at six flags fiesta texas is a must! save on your visit to six flags fiesta texas by clicking on the image above to receive a special discount code when you purchase tickets on their websitevisit the fiesta texas website.
nightlife on the riverwalk
the riverwalk is wonderful during the daytime but it becomes electric at night. click below to see many of the fun bars and clubs on the riverwalk.click here for nightlife on the riverwalk.
have fun in downtownsan antonio
visit the san antonio zoo, the buckhorn saloon and museum, the tower of the americas and many other fun things to see and do in san antonio!click here to visit our san antonio attractions page. 




                post navigation              



san antonio vacation packages and hotel deals → 













owned by mtd ventures, llc and operated by riverwalk interactive
2025 all rights reserved



facebook: www.facebook.com/thesanantonioriverwalk
twitter: @sariverwalkfun
instagram: @sariverwalkfun



hashtag: #sariverwalkfun
email us at:
info@sanantonioriverwalk.com
advertise with us







· © 2025 welcome to the san antonio riverwalk! · 





 










 
 

