
















diocese of plymouth | go therefore, make disciples of all the nations.












































































home
the diocese

about us
how we work
history
careers
education


spiritual life

sharing the faith
celebrating the faith
living the faith
synod
synodal journey


pastoral care

life, marriage and family
preparing for marriage?
the parish and locally
the community & wider world
the young


safeguarding
caritas

catholic social teaching
education, formation & development
children & family life
refugees & migrants
elderly & isolated
homelessness
intergenerational linking
world day of the poor


find

a church
a school
clergy
a religious house
a chaplaincy


latest

event calendar
diocese news


contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 










welcome to the diocese of plymouth
therefore welcome one another as christ has welcomed you, for the glory of god romans 15:7

welcome to the diocese of plymouth – the catholic church in the southwest of england. we are a community of people who seek to follow jesus as his disciples. we share, celebrate and express our faith, by giving witness to our belief and encounter with the living god who is the source of our life. on this website you will find out more about our mission and how we can support your spiritual journey.











the jubilee year, with the theme of ‘pilgrims of hope’ has officially begun in our diocese. on the feast of the holy family, the opening of the door took place at plymouth cathedral, presided over by canon paul cummins, our diocesan administrator.
pope francis has declared that the year 2025 will be a holy year of jubilee for the catholic church – an event that takes place once every 25 years. the theme for the 2025 jubilee is “pilgrims of hope”, an invitation to showcase the hope of our christian faith to people right across the world at a time when there is so much suffering from the impact of war, poverty, climate change, and the lasting effects of the covid pandemic.

learn more about the jubilee









our bishop-elect is the right reverend philip moger and, until his installation, our diocesan administrator canon paul cummins, continues to oversee the mission of the catholic church in the diocese. please keep them both in your prayers.












news and events from across the diocese







stories of hope: sharing with others

feb 4, 2025“whatsoever you do for the least of my brothers, you do to me” matthew 25:40 holy cross primary school in plymouth are showing how we can make good use of the earth’s resources and share what we have with others. like many schools in plymouth cast, they go above and...





holcaust memorial day 2025:  for a better future

jan 27, 2025the catholic bishops' conference of england and wales have shared the following re this poignant and important memorial day.   'holocaust memorial day (hmd) marks the 80th anniversary of the liberation of auschwitz-birkenau, the largest nazi concentration camp...





a story of hope: welcoming the stranger

jan 16, 2025the lampedusa cross in front of the altar is made with wood salvaged from a shipwrecked boat in the mediterranean sea carrying people seeking asylum.   "make hospitality your special care." romans 12:13 the theme of the jubilee year is 'pilgrims of hope'. ...






connect and engage
please sign up to the newsletter link below to receive regular updates about the diocese and spiritual reflections.

join us on facebook

sign up to our newsletter














spread the word

join evangelists and share the word of god with a friend. enter their email address and we’ll send them an email introducing our community.



enter their email address


 
















* we’ll only contact them once. if they don’t want in, no problem.













let us pray for you


fill out the following form and one of our religious houses will receive your request for prayer.

request a prayer










life’s calling…

your life has a great purpose.  do you know what it is?we are here to help you on this journey.
 

office of vocations











quick links





the diocese
about ushow we workhistory
 



spiritual life
sharing the faithcelebrating the faithliving the faithsynod
 



pastoral care
the parish and locallythe community and wider worldthe young
 



find
a churcha schoolclergya religious housea chaplaincy
 



safeguarding

 
caritas
 

careers
 





followfollowfollowfollow

© diocese of plymouth 2019. all rights reserved
privacy policy





the diocese
the bishopabout ushow we workhistory



 
 
spiritual life
sharing the faithcelebrating the faithliving the faith
 
 



 
pastoral care
the parish and locallythe community and wider worldthe young
 



 
find
a churcha schoolclergya religious housea chaplaincy
 





followfollowfollowfollow

© diocese of plymouth 2019. all rights reserved
privacy policy



 







designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress
 

 
 
 










































