






li's chinese martial arts & internal healing center

































































please call (856)218-1182 to talk with master li or leave a message.









 


home
master li
jin ba chi®
contact
schedule
announcements
information
videos
fees
blackbelt page








home
master li
jin ba chi®
contact
schedule
announcements
information
videos
fees
blackbelt page

https://youtu.be/waedr1rnnmw?si=etkezdyvw3qvfeft&t=2



call today! feel free to come by and observe a class.when you come to observe a class, stay to ask a student why they decided to train with master li and how much they enjoy coming to the school.
contact info... easy to get to...a little over a mile off route 55.
read moremaster li's bioread a little about master li.
read moresome videos...a few youtube videos featuring the school.
read more





 the best tai chi and wushu (martial arts) training facility in the tri-state area.
come see for yourself and compare.
you will be amazed at the size of the training hall the and space you’ll have to practice!

located in southern new jersey, master li’s chinese martial arts & internal healing center is one of the premier training centers on the east coast.
specializing in the teaching of chinese arts to children and adults, master li pei yun has over 25 years of training in china before coming to this country two decades ago.
one of the best chinese martial arts and internal healing teachers in the country.
group lessons with other dedicated students that share your interests (see our schedule of classes).
private lessons available (call for details).
convenient location serving southern new jersey, philadelphia, and delaware (other nearby towns are deptford (08096,08097), cherry hill (08002,08003), voorhees (08043), pitman (08071), washington twp (07076), woodbury (08096,08097), stratford (08084), lindenwold (08021), blackwood (08012), turnersville (08012), bellmawr (08099), barrington (08007), echelon (08043), kirkwood (08043), clementon (08021), gloucester (08030,08031), runnemede (08078), magnolia (08049), glassboro (08028), and mantua (08051)).

wushu
what is “wushu”? wushu is chinese for “martial arts”. wushu is based on kicking, punching, throwing, joint locks, ground fighting, jumping kicks, and tumbling for performance and battle. wushu has hundreds of different forms and 18 weapons. in 1990, wushu was inducted as an official medal event at the asian games. we teach wushu longfist (changquan), southern fist (nanquan), northern fist and all official compulsory forms for world competition.
kung fu
kung fu means “skill and time.” kung fu styles are linked to family names, locations, animals and mountains. we teach kung fu forms such as preying mantis, tiger, crane, hung gar, shaolin, drunken, xingyi, baqua and all weapons.
taijiquan (tai chi, tai ji)
some people just refer to taijiquan as tai chi or tai ji. taijiquan can be studied for its health effects or it can be studied to learn the secrets of its martial arts applications. the health benefits are comparable to yoga but taijiquan accentuates stillness in motion. the internal chi develops as the body moves and the student slowly learns to control his or her movements by directing the body with the mind. taijiquan is an internal martial art founded over 300 years ago in china and now the biggest, most popular internal style. called an internal style because its training focuses on relaxation, alignment and energy cultivation. once considered a supreme form of combat, taiji has since evolved into an art form, stressing health and fitness. it has cured millions worldwide improving health conditions such as obesity, poor circulation, kidney ailments, arthritis, liver problems, shortness of breath, stiff joints as well as developing self confidence.
taiji is the art of (slow) movements. you will learn how to relax and move like water – slow, soft and calm. later, your water movements become explosive but calm, strong but soft and quick but slow. anyone, at any age, can train in this art. currently, our oldest taiji student is 76 years old.
qigong
the art of breath control. you will learn how to develop your incredible and fascinating power of internal energy, improve health conditions such as migraine headaches, bad nerves, sinus problems, sleeping disorders, stress and high blood pressure.  tai chi class warmup incorporates qigong, yoga, stretching, and strengthening techniques.
jin ba chi
jin ba chi® is a training method developed by master li which combines aspects of wushu, tai chi, qigong, yoga, and modern sports science.  master li begins nearly all tai chi classes with a jin ba chi routine to warm up your joints, expand flexibility, increase strength, and improve balance.  master li has found that combining the jin ba chi conditioning routine with tai chi practice helps individuals progress much more quickly than if they simply practice tai chi forms alone.







privacy policy

terms and conditions




			© 2001-2024 kevin else			




































