

schnauzer rescue adopt a miniature schnauzer!





















schnauzer rescue of the mid-atlantic rescues schnauzers in need. schnauzer rescue in the mid-atlantic including pa., md., va., and washington, d.c.

















          cherish them all, big and small!   what adopting from 
          schnauzer rescue teaches a child

        patience – helping teach a rescue to learn the ins and outs of a new 
        home and family requires it!

        hope – even a helpless dog lost or left behind has a chance to have a 
        wonderful life

        commitment – your family will make a long-term one to your new pet

        love – your rescue will give it freely and unconditionally

cherish, 
          our humane education program, 
          offers great tips for teaching kids (and their parents) about valuing 
          pets!

take action to save their lives!     
          
each of us can make a difference to stem the tide of unwanted pets, 
          one dog at a time.     *adopt a rescue 
          or shelter dog.  
          so many wonderful pets are given up each day through no fault of their 
          own.  adopting your next companion instead of purchasing a puppy 
          helps save the life of one very deserving animal.  *keep your 
          pet safely confined and wearing identification.  
          prevent your pet from becoming lost by never allowing him to run 
          loose.  it takes a little effort to leash walk your dog, but that 
          effort is essential to prevent your pet from becoming lost.   *spay 
          and neuter your pet.    make sure your pet doesn't 
          contribute to  pet overpopulation.  children do not need to 
          experience the "wonder of birth" by having a companion animal 
          reproduce.  instead, take them to the shelter to see the many 
          animals with litters who are left homeless.   
          *make a real commitment.  before bringing a pet into your 
          home, make sure you are ready for a lifetime of responsible care and 
          dedication.        

great training tip
often our goal in training our companions is to get them to 
          "stop" doing a certain behavior, like jumping up on guests.  but 
          a more effective approach involves giving the dog an alternate 
          behavior that is more rewarding.  for example, when a visitor 
          comes to the door, ask your dog to "sit" and then give him a treat.  
          if the dog jumps up, ask your visitor to ignore him and walk away.  
          encourage your visitor to keep any greeting low key as to not overly 
          excite your dog.  each time a visitor comes, repeat the sit and 
          treat.  your dog will eventually come to associate the arrival of 
          a visitor with the treat - and will immediately initiate the "sit" 
          without your command. 
 



great stories -  
           in memory of rocky - please read our 
          tribute to a special rescue.    if you'd like to have your rescue story posted, 
          please send it to 
          info@schnauzerrescue.net.
great book
          every day thousands of dogs and cats across america are brought to 
          animal shelters and thousands of others are euthanized because they 
          have been deemed unadoptable or because their time is "up."  the 
          scale of this mass execution makes the problem seem distant and almost 
          impersonal.  but authors diane leigh and marilee geyer believe if 
          we could all see each one of these animals as a living, breathing 
          individual, perhaps we might really come to understand the problem and 
          work to do something about it.  in one at a time, a week in an 
          american animal shelter, the authors have documented the story of 
          some of the animals who entered a typical american shelter that week.  
          it's an astonishing achievement, and one that must be digested in 
          pieces.  the authors spent time getting to know the dogs and 
          cats, learning why they were brought to the shelter, and then 
          essentially waited to see what their fate would be.  some were 
          never claimed by owners.  litters of kittens competed with other 
          litters, equally irresistible.  the authors make the point that 
          stopping the flow of unwanted animals is the real issue that must 
          be addressed, not whether a shelter is forced to euthanize due to 
          space constraints.  their stories are riveting, often 
          heartbreaking, sometimes uplifting and will forever change the way we 
          look at our commitment to our pets.   www.novoiceunheard.org
           



 


     

welcome
              fellow animal lovers!

schnauzer rescue of the mid-atlantic 
              rescues miniature schnauzers in need 
              and places them into pre-screened homes. we rescue and place 
              miniature schnauzers in the mid-atlantic region including 
    virginia, maryland, delaware, pennsylvania, and washington, d.c.




click on any of these topics for more details 
                




apply on line | foster home info. 
            | general schnauzer rescue info.
available dogs | 
            volunteer |
                contact us |
            
humane education |
donate |
                
  in memory  
|  
rescue links |
  | 
				the rainbow bridge   | 
				
              
 schnauzer gallery |
            great schnauzer rescue stories | 
       
                

  happy endings| 
                happy 
endings 3
happy endings in 2007 | happy 
endings in 2008 | happy endings in 2009 |
 happy endings in 2010  |  
 happy endings in 2011 

 | happy 
endings in 2012  |  happy 
endings in 2013    |   
happy endings in 2014  


happy endings in 2015 

 how to adopt
   
this is annie's story, a 
heart breaking story of one of our former rescues. 

annie's story 
	 
click here to donate on-line to our veterinary fund









 
 read about the missouri 10 puppy mill 
rescue and the puppies born into rescue
the puppies have all been adopted
adopted 
missouri puppies  

 
available puppies  we 
		currently have puppies that will be available april 23, 2016
 



 

 
how to adopt
here's how the schnauzer rescue process works:







              a schnauzer is picked up at a shelter or 
              turned over by an owner interested in rehoming his/her pet.  
              (note:  please contact
              
              linda@schnauzerrescue.net  if              you would like to have us find 
                a wonderful home for your schnauzer).

    each dog is checked by a veterinarian, given all shots, spayed or neutered, 
    tested for heartworms, and treated for any medical condition detected.

    our dogs then live in foster homes where they are socialized and evaluated 
    until they are adopted into a permanent home.
our dogs will be posted here and at our pet finders website
                http://www.schnauzer.petfinder.com
                as they become available for adoption. applications are 
                reviewed, reference checks are completed and applicants are 
                interviewed.  the applicant who best suits the individual 
                dog's needs is selected to adopt. 
the process can take as little as several days or as long as 
                several months (particularly if there are health issues 
                involved).  the average time from when a dog is placed in a 
                foster home until it is adopted is 2-3 weeks.






 
apply to adopt on-line

				 


follow us on facebook and twitter!

			 

schnauzer day is november 
				21st!
in honor of the missouri 10 and 
			the 20 puppies that were rescued from a puppy mill on this day in 
			2009.

give your schnauzer an extra  
			hug!
 

schnauzer store
coming soon- the 2013 schnauzer calendars!
 
  create & buy custom products at zazzle

check out our cool schnauzer stuff in our new store! 
			proceeds help with vet care for rescued schnauzers. 
 



volunteers - we need you!  the 
              more volunteers we have, the more needy schnauzers we can help.  
              we are in need of people willing to help our efforts by 
              transporting dogs, picking up dogs at shelters, organizing special 
              events and more. if you'd like to volunteer, please fill out our
              volunteer application.   
              if you are willing to keep a rescue schnauzer in your home on a 
              temporary basis, please read our q & a about 
              fostering 
              and apply to be a foster home 
              on line 
              today! contact 
				athena@schnauzerrescue.net or
				
				peggy@schnauzerrescue.net for more information on 
				volunteering. 



meet some of our many volunteers and some of our 
				many schnauzers! 

               



              gift certificate programhere's our unique 
            program for giving a fellow animal lover a gift that helps dogs!  please consider helping us to pay for veterinary care for our 
              neediest dogs through a special donation to our gift certificate 
              program. we will issue an attractive gift certificate indicating 
              money was donated (we don't need to put an amount if requested) on the recipient's behalf to help a dog in need.  
              certificates are available in any dollar amount.  contact
            linda@schnauzerrescue.net 
            for details. you can make a donation on-line now - just click below.
           







   
everyone loves a happy ending - especially our new 
            adopters and their schnauzers.  please check our
            happy endings photos and
			happy endings in 2013 to see some of 
            our recent "frank capra" moments.   it's a wonderful life 
            - especially for these lucky schnauzers!in addition to our rescue mission, we  work as advocates for 
 animal 
    welfare by educating the public about issues such as:

proper training techniques and important health concerns - 
                read about the dangers of heartworm in the endearing
                story of otto.
preventing pet overpopulation by spaying and neutering.
stopping the mistreatment of animals at 
                puppy mills.
keeping pets secure so they are not lost, stolen or injured



how to contact usthe fastest 
				way to reach us is by email:

				info@schnauzerrescue.net 
 

our
mailing address:  

p.o. box 5034 laurel, md 20725-5034
              phone:  (301) 776-7370 

              

              e-mail 
              info@schnauzerrescue.net
 

help support those who support us. 
				 
 www.petmeds.com


 
support schnauzer 
				recue and get a cool lighted leash!
 

pup 
				crawl  lights-up dog leash
 

click on any of these topics for more details


available  schnauzers
			
how to adopt
adoption application
  
rescue links

happy endings in 2012
			
happy endings in 2010
			
happy endings in 2009
			
happy endings in 2008
happy endings in 2007
happy endings in 2006
happy endings
happy endings



				 



 apply on line | foster home info. 
            | general rescue info.
available dogs | 
            volunteer |
            contact us |
            rescue links |
humane education |
happy endings|
donate
schnauzer gallery |
            great rescue stories  |    
happy endings in 2007
| happy endings 
				in 2008  | happy endings in 2009   |   happy endings in 2010  |    happy endings in 2011   | in 
memory  

recycling center

 



**schnauzer rescue
of the mid-atlantic, inc. is a non-profit organization under internal revenue code section 501 (c)(3)**

the official registration and financial information of 
              schnauzer rescue of the mid-atlantic, inc. may be obtained from 
              the maryland department of state.  registration does not imply 
              endorsement.


please check our site frequently, as the information
              changes and is updated on a regular basis.  thanks!
 





              ©2008
schnauzer rescue of the mid-atlantic, inc.
p.o. 
box 5034

laurel, md 20725-5034 
    
				




     


               







   

schnauzerrescue.net is the website for schnauzer rescue of the mid-atlantic - a non-profit organization that finds wonderful homes for rescued miniature schnauzers and offers educational programs to encourage kindness to animals and commitment to pets.


schnauzer rescue of the mid-atlantic - miniature ( mini ) schnauzer rescue. schnauzer rescue of miniature schnauzers in the mid-atlantic region including pa., md., va., and washington, d.c.


