


patco inc sells aqua lites (aqua lights), wetsuit and drysuit heaters, underwater lights, spearguns, spearfishing accessories and scuba diving equipment










 








home  
        gallery   about  
        president's letter  
        contact   faq   
		links







products  
        accessories  
        testimonials   dealers   
	  price list


















        




products






aqua heat dry




                aqua heat wet




                aqua guns





aqua lites




wreck reel


battery / pony mounts












patco inc. is a manufacturer of aqua heat, aqua lite 
              (also know as aqua light) and aqua guns. in simple terms, we make 
              wetsuit   and drysuit heaters, underwater lights, 10 watt hid light 
              heads, spearguns and spearfishing accessories. patco’s 
              scuba diving equipment is high quality, technologically advanced, 
              state of the art, fully guaranteed, and are geared to safety, 
              enjoyment, comfort,     and maximum value.
>> more info 




patco heaters are approved for the use by the us navy and are being implemented by the navy seals for their submersibles. commercial divers, oyster divers, sea urchin divers and specialty divers all enjoy the warmth and comfort our products provide.  
              >>more info
we have also equipped a diving team for an 
			  expedition to antarctica. this was a national geographic project 
			  to study one of the largest icebergs in history which calved off 
			  the antarctic ross ice shelf. this dvd is now available for 
			  purchase!
			  
			  click here to buy the dvd!









 










copyright© 2003 patco, inc. 

web design by ambitious web

patco is a manufacturer of aqua heat, aqua 
lite(also know as aqua light) and aqua guns. in simple terms, we make wetsuit 
and drysuit heaters, underwater lights, 10 watt hid light heads, spearguns and 
spearfishing accessories. patco’s scuba diving equipment is high quality, 
technologically advanced, state of the art, fully guaranteed, and are geared to 
safety, enjoyment, comfort, and maximum value.













 

