



syrian hamster breeder


























 




















home
about us
children and pets
hamsters for sale
baby hamsters

caring for 
 hamster videos
feeding 
pregnant baby hamsters
orphaned  hamsters
 hamster runts
the life of a baby hamster


hamster food

hamsters diet
feeding baby hamsters
baby hamster food
toxic foods
diabetic diet
nuts
water
tofu
treats


hamster health
eye problems

entropion
sticky eyes
bulging eyes
cataracts
eyeless whites
ulcers


dwarf hamsters
hamsters diseases

pneumonia
salmonella
amyloidosis
campylobacter
e.coli
vestibular disease
wet tail


breeding

breeding hamsters
the female
the gestation period
the birth
cannibalism
eyeless whites
pregnant baby hamster
care of the pups
breeding cages
make breeding cages


hamster housing

housing a hamster
caging hamsters
nesting material
floor covering
selecting a cage
cage management
wood shavings
aquariums
cages cleaning
cooling cages


external links to other hamster related sites
dwarf hamsters




 









 






hammys world syrian hamster breeder, and information on care and health
site map

february 16th 2025
   	      hammysworld syrian hamster breeder

it is with the greatest regret and sorrow that i have to report that harry, the creator of hammysworld.com, has passed away.
harry had a great love for all animals, and this website is a legacy that i plan to keep alive for as long as i live.

hammysworld has reached millions of people over the years in all corners of the globe and is a fantastic source of advice and information and is a massive testament to harry's love for these little creatures and all animals worldwide.

in memory of harry, i have set up a just giving page to raise money for the pdsa.
the pdsa is an organisation dedicated to providing free health care to all animals in need.
so to the millions of people who have found this site a joy, i plead with you to help us raise money for this charity that harry held so dear.

please help and give what you can: donateto all of hammaysworld friends please share this link and/or repost on your sites and forums.all our love, the hammysworld team
 
welcome to hammysworld: hamsters  are cute and entertaining pets that will play and tolerate being handled   by their owners. the hamsters' friendly and inquisitive nature  cute  appearance, and their adaptability have placed them among the most popular and  most  common sought after favorite small pet. hamsters are robust little creatures  and a well bred healthy hamster that is brought into your home should remain  that way and require very little veterinary attention. one of the main problems  of hamster owning is that some pet owners are not prepared for the challenges  involved. it is  important that potential pet owners  fully  understand the needs and requirements of hamsters. although their needs are minimal  these pets need special care and attention. it's  important to learn how to fulfill those special needs, and particularly to  understand the hamsters behavior characteristics. here you can find all the information  needed to give that extra special care.  before you go and buy your new pet we will tell you how to pick that  perfect small pet and how to take the very best care of him. check out our buying hamster’s  page
adoptions page

contact us
e.mail info@hammysworld.com


just like home
fun in the nut house
playtime





 












syrian  hamster 



teddy bear hamsters  



taming handling syrian hamsters 



breeding hamsters 



roborovski dwarf hamster 



campbell's russian dwarf hamster 



long haired hamsters 



rearing / raising baby hamsters








 breeding hamsters

	                      thinking of breeding hamsters. good breeding ethics start before any attempt at breeding hamsters is made. prospective hamster breeders will learn as much as possible on the subject of breeding, before embarking on any hamster breeding project.  a good breeder will ensure adequate provisions are put in place, above and what is necessary for routine hamster care, and allows the owner / breeder to carefully consider, in readiness to take on the responsibilities of being a reputable and responsible hamster breeder. 
	                      before deciding on breeding hamsters a host of things you need to evaluate. breeding hamsters for the  intention of making more hamsters, or making money out of them, is not an ethical reason for breeding. raising a litter of hamsters needs constant care and attention once weaned, if you aren't able to handle all the baby hamsters daily, then you shouldn't breed hamsters. if you choose to breed more than one litter of pups at a time, you need to factor that into your breeding schedule as well. 
	                      good breeding is leaning as much as possible about hamster breeding, before you start breeding hamsters. educating your self on breeding does not stop at: oestrus cycle: 4 days, gestation period: 16 days, 
	                      weaning: at 21 days etc. there is a lot more to breeding hamsters than this. you need to be well educated in all aspects of breeding. more hamsters equals more time, if your females have large litters, do you have time to handle each and every pup on a daily basis? it is very important to socialize baby hamsters, so they are well socialized and tamed before leaving you. a good breeder will not compromise on this issue. 
	                      
	                      in addition to socializing and taming hamsters, it is important to know each baby hamster individually. this is important so you can observe any personality changes in the hamster, as this could indicate a health problem. if you have a lot of litters at once, it isn't possible  to get to know each baby individually. 
	                      a plan must be in place for the disposition of any litters of hamster pups, prior to any breeding.  destinations reasonably well assured, whether into private homes, or trust-worthy pet shops. a responsible hamster breeder will pledge to take back, or help to place, any hamster / hamsters or pups that he has bred, no matter how old they may be. a hamster breeder must be prepared to supply all the information for adequate housing, food and care for every hamster that he places.
	                      
	                      every breeding needs to have a specific goal as well as to improve on that species. irresponsible breeding won't better the species. do you know how inheritance works? this is not just colour genetics, but also how other health defects, temperaments, and other characteristics can be inherited from the parents. 
	                      no professional breeder is fallible! we can, and do make mistakes sometimes. things can go wrong, things beyond our control. before you start breeding, you need a vet to be easily located at any time. as with a hamsters birth, any birthing complications that may arise usually happens at night when vets are closed. 
	                      
	                      not every one is cut out to be a breeder. there lot's of things to consider before breeding hamsters
	                      don't breed from your hamster if you have no information on the health and fitness of both the parents, i.e. hamsters bought from pet shops.
	                      discontinue the breeding of animals that consistently produce offspring that have a defect, or disorder which is detrimental to the species.
	                      
	                      those who want to be a responsible and informed hamster breeder will do their homework and research the breed of choice. there are more than enough hamsters in this world, and many are euthanized long before their time. take positive steps to make sure the hamsters you breed will never end up in shelters or a rescue.
	                      


about syrian hamsters

						this section you can find out all about the syrian hamster;
	          			the syrian hamster is the hamster that most people associate with the word hamster. the          syrian hamster may sometimes be referred to as the golden hamster. other coat colors and          variations may be referred to as the panda bear, or black bear hamster. the long haired          syrian hamster is sometimes referred to as the teddy bear hamster.
			  			the long haired male syrian has longer fur than the long haired female syrian.          preferably a skirt of longer fur around the rear end. whilst the long haired          females usually have fluffy, or tufts of hair and no skirt.
	          			the syrian hamster makes a good family pet.
				        hamsters are ideally suited to both children and adults.
	          			if you wish to keep more than one hamster together in the same cage then consider the dwarf          hamsters.
	          			dwarf hamster may be kept together.
	          			syrian hamsters are solitary creatures, and are fiercely territorial
	          			baby hamsters for sale from a breeder. buying baby hamsters. syrian hamsters for sale. baby syrian hamsters for sale. videos of hamsters for sale. pictures of baby hamsters for sale. we have 20 years experience of breeding hamsters and we breed for health and temperament. all our hamsters for sale are tame and non aggressive.



 baby hamster care.

			            as a breeder of syrian hamsters i have the occasional litters of baby syrian hamsters for sale. hamsters have to be collected in person as i will not ship my hamsters'. different colour and coat variations are available for sale. occasionally long haired hamsters, but mostly are short haired male and female baby hamsters and average 5 week of age at the point of sale. 

please note: hammysworld are "not" commercial premises (shop) viewing and pick up is by appointment only. so please telephone: or e.mail to query availability. i operate a waiting list arrangement if there are no pups for immediate sale. however, if you are prepared to wait then mail me with your details to be added to the list and i will contact you as and when pups become available.
here you can learn all about baby hamsters.
						what to feed baby hamsters.
	            		feeding pups
	            		caring baby hamsters.
	            		orphaned baby hamsters
	            		the life of a baby hamster.
	            		baby syrian hamster pictures  
	            		baby hamster videos
	            		when to take baby hamsters away from the mother.
	            		weaning baby hamsters.
	            		when baby hamsters are weaned
						baby hamster pictures
	            		sexing baby hamster


hamster health care

	          			the health of hamsters. 
	          			hamsters wet tail.
	          			hamster distended abdomen
	          			hamster tumors
	          			cysts
	          			abscess
	          			hamster hind leg paralysis.
	          			do hamsters hibernate?
	          			dwarf hamster diabetes, and  syrian hamster diabetes



 





 


hammysworld.com webutation


hammysworld.com webutation





 







copyright hammysworld 2008 ©









