









triple score - simply the best information on the web

































































skip to content









 menu
home
contact us
about us






menu
home
contact us
about us






blog









chiropractor near me: what are the benefits of a charlotte chiropractor? 


chiropractor near me: what are the benefits of a charlotte chiropractor?
chiropractor near me: there are a good many reasons to seek out chiropractic care if you’re suffering from any number of conditions. regular chiropractic care has been associated with a good many health benefits and absolutely no side effects.

the chiropractic practice revolves around the health of the spine and its intrinsic role in the overall health of the body. the spinal column houses the most important member of the nervous system and the benefits applied here benefit the entire body. if you were considering pursuing this type of treatment, following are some of the benefits you can expect from a charlotte chiropractor near me.
–stress relief
when your nervous system is not in line there can be a number of negative reactions in the body and primarily a feeling that all’s not well. the stress can be applied to your mind and daily functions leaving you more exhausted and fatigued at the end of the day. after your spine has been realigned, you feel better and more relaxed at the ends of your days.
–counter neck and back pain
our bodies are adapting to their daily environments, if you spend time in front of a des, standing for long hours or lifting and carrying heavy loads, you will invariably feel the pangs of proper posture for many extended hours. sports injuries and other back related pains can be caused by improper positioning when exerting force or resting. for all these issues, chiropractic care can reduce the pain in the back and neck and allow greater mobility.
–whiplash and accident recovery
if you have been in a car accident, you may have extensive injuries along your spine and neck, it is possible that these will go unnoticed for some time. a chiropractor has extensive experience with these special bones and joints and can detect small injuries and apply repairs. if needed your chiropractor will suggest x-rays to reveal the presence of any further complications.
they will even look for any of those locations that have restricted movement, muscle spasms, ligament injury or intervertebral injuries that can cause further disruptions. small patches of tenderness and sensitivity can also reveal the presence of an injury.
–migraines and headaches
those with recurring migraines and chronic headaches have found great relief in chiropractic care. often times these pains are the result of disruptions in the nervous systems that can be addressed and restored with from the spinal column. if you have been suffering from any such pains, consider contacting a charlotte chiropractor near me.
in conclusion
from chronic pain and sleepless nights and even the treatment and recovery from serious injuries, chiropractic care is the safe and non-intrusive way of addressing the conditions of the body as a whole. whether or not you have a serious injury or ailment, regular sessions with a chiropractor can help you live, think and operate with greater strength and mobility. those suffering from the discomforts of many of today’s most prevalent discomforts have also found relief and treatment in chiropractic care.
 …



posted on september 11, 2019september 12, 2019 by admin 
posted in chiropractor near metagged chiropractor near me 




cheapest dot physical near me 


cheapest dot physical near me where are they in charlotte nc?
cheapest dot physical near me: anyone who knows anything about being a commercial truck driver knows that it requires hard work and long hours. because the truck driver is controlling a vehicle that can cause major damage they have a lot of responsibility. this means they have to maintain a level of health so that society can be reasonably certain that they have the ability to properly control that commercial vehicle. this means that they must get regular physicals in order to maintain their commercial driver’s license.
how do i find the cheapest dot physical near me?
very often when someone is looking to become a truck driver for the first time they don’t have any money. to even start school or to take the commercial learner’s permit exam will require that they have a physical and a medical card. for this reason, many of them are looking to get the physical as cheaply as possible.

in the past, it was possible to get this type of physical by almost any doctor. that is no longer allowed because the new fmcsa regulations require that the physical be done by someone certified and approved by dot. this means if you get a physical from a regular doctor who is not certified then you will not be able to get a medical card that would allow you to move forward with your truck driving career.
medical examiners that want to perform dot approved physicals must be trained and certified so that the fmcsa knows they will follow the standards set by that organization. the drivers themselves are required to get this physical in order to qualify to become or to remain a commercial truck driver.  this means that it isn’t enough just to look for the cheapest dot physical near me.
a driver must make sure that it is performed by a certified examiner. another concern is the fact that many major carriers who are willing to hire new drivers will not accept all physicals even if they were performed by a certified examiner. if the driver is planning to go to work for one of these major carriers or they are planning to go to school, they should discuss the matter with the carrier or the school to determine if there are any special requirements or examiners that they are required to go to.
if the new driver fails to speak to the carrier or the school then even if they managed to find a cheap clinic with a certified examiner it may not be accepted. that said, there are some basic ways to find certified examiners in your area that offer affordable pricing. one of the best ways is to simply do a search online. google has a great local search capacity and by simply entering in what it is that you’re looking for you will find that medical examiner’s come up and oftentimes they will advertise a dot approved physical for less than $60.
it’s also possible that if someone is going to a major carrier or school then the cost of the physical will be included in the cost of going through truck school. since many of the truck schools offer financing then it may be that the new driver can have the physical done without any immediate money out of their pocket. if they are going to a major carrier that offers their own training school then very often there’s no immediate money out of the driver’s pocket for the physical.
…



posted on september 11, 2019september 12, 2019 by admin 
posted in cheapest dot physical near metagged cheapest dot physical near me 




chiropractor charlotte nc 


chiropractor charlotte nc
chiropractor charlotte nc: with hundreds of practitioners functioning in the region, choosing the very best chiropractor charlotte nc is not easy. are you ready to trust your own body in the hands of a person who doesn’t have any hint of what he/she is performing?
dr. tebby looks forward to assisting you and your loved ones overcome pain, distress, and achieve perfect health and well-being through optimal bodily and neurological function. their non-toxic, drug-free, hands-on approach represents the ultimate in state of the art care – all of them serving the maximum goal of helping the individual feel better fast. if you are on the lookout for drug-free and non-surgical treatments for back pain, neck pain, muscular pain, whiplash from automobile accidents, sciatica, headaches, and sports injuries, you have come to the right place. dr. tebby and his team are famous for their continuous service in charlotte, nc for at least 35 years using the state of the art tools and treatment methods. that is the reason why they are highly regarded as one of the best chiropractic care centers in the region. the practice provides safe, powerful, and nonsurgical treatments to a vast array of health issues such as:
. herniated discs
. carpal tunnel syndrome
. degenerative joint conditions such as osteoarthritis and spinal stenosis
. sciatica, arm pain, leg pain, and the rest of the effects of nerve impingement
. back and neck pain due to severe injuries or chronic conditions
. whiplash from automobile accidents
. sport injuries your initial visit to the practice is very important. here’s what you should expect in your first visit to the clinic:
. as soon as you enter the practice, you’ll have to fill some brief paperwork. the paperwork is important as it provides some basic info regarding yourself, your condition, and history. you should bring your insurance coverage since some insurance programs will have their own paperwork.

. once the paperwork is finished, you will have a brief consultation with one of the doctors. they will discuss your conditions, health issues, and treatment modalities.
. then, numerous medical tests will be performed so as to determine the problems affecting you and also to what extent.
. if your condition requires an x-ray, the doctor will direct you to the appropriate section. the x-ray is studied to assist you to acquire the most effective treatment strategy for your affliction.
. the patient is provided with his/her first day’s therapy after all the tests and tests are finished. the remedies may include spinal adjustments, soft tissue treatments, and physical treatments.
. if your condition doesn’t respond to chiropractic care, the clinic will refer you to the experts that can help you get rid of the status.
. before leaving the practice, the individual gets instructions on how they should conduct him/herself at home. there may be sure actions or other treatments like ice/heat treatment they ought to run at home.
. you will be given another appointment at a date that’s convenient for both you and the practice. the team concentrates on excellence in care in any way times. that’s why they are considered as one of the best chiropractic care centers in the area. the center employs a wide range of therapeutic modalities to satisfy the requirements of the patients in the region. here are a few of the most effective non-invasive therapeutic modalities practiced by them.
. traction therapy – helps distract joints in order to facilitate proper alignment of the joints.
. massage therapy
. physical therapy
. electric muscle stimulation
.exercise
. superficial heat therapy
. exercise therapy
. diapulse
you’ll find our charlotte nc chiropractor for a exceptionally affectionate, skilled, and knowledgeable practitioner with a real need to help patients in the region. dr. tebby was occupying in the area for at least 33 decades and assisted thousands of patients to improve their overall health and well-being. that is why the clinic is rated among the best chiropractic care facilities in charlotte nc. visit our clinic to find out if we’re a fantastic fit for your needs. we are delighted to diagnose your illness and explore all details of your care. stop by our website to create a consultation right now – https://tebbyclinic.com.
…



posted on august 25, 2019august 25, 2019 by admin 
posted in chiropractor charlotte nctagged chiropractor charlotte nc 




understanding dot physical concentra and its services 


the department of transportation (dot) physical is a crucial requirement for commercial drivers to ensure they are physically and mentally fit to operate commercial vehicles. these exams, mandated by the federal motor carrier safety administration (fmcsa), help maintain high safety standards on the roads, reducing the risk of accidents and ensuring the well-being of both drivers and the public.
concentra is committed to maintaining the rights and safety of the patients they serve during these medical examinations and services.
what is a dot physical?
a dot physical is a comprehensive medical examination required for commercial drivers to obtain or renew their medical examiner’s certificate. the medical examiner’s role is to issue the medical examiner’s certificate (mec) after evaluating various health aspects to determine if a driver meets the physical, mental, and emotional requirements necessary to perform safety-sensitive tasks.
key components of a dot physical

medical history: drivers must provide a detailed medical history, including past illnesses, surgeries, medications, and any ongoing treatments.
vision and hearing tests: ensuring drivers can see and hear adequately to operate a vehicle safely.
blood pressure and pulse rate: monitoring cardiovascular health is critical to prevent conditions that could impair driving ability.
physical exam: a thorough physical exam includes checks on the mouth and throat, abdomen, limbs, and overall physical condition.
urinalysis: testing for underlying medical conditions like diabetes.

concentra and dot physicals
concentra is a leading provider of occupational health services, including dot physicals. with numerous locations nationwide, concentra makes it convenient for drivers to meet their regulatory requirements.
concentra cdl physical
the concentra cdl physical is specifically designed to comply with fmcsa regulations. their certified medical examiners are experienced in performing dot physicals and ensuring that all aspects of the motor carrier safety administration guidelines are met.
scheduling a concentra dot physical appointment
booking a concentra dot physical appointment is straightforward. drivers can call concentra’s dedicated appointment line or visit their website to find a nearby clinic. it’s essential to bring all necessary documents, including medical records, eyeglasses or hearing aids if used, and a list of current medications.
concentra urgent care and dot physicals
concentra urgent care centers offer dot physicals, providing flexibility for drivers who need to meet their requirements quickly. with extended hours and walk-in appointments, concentra ensures that drivers can get their exams done conveniently without significant downtime from their work schedules.

the importance of dot medical card
the dot medical card is issued upon successful completion of the dot physical. it is a testament to a driver’s fitness and is necessary for maintaining a commercial driving license. the card must be carried at all times while operating a commercial vehicle and renewed periodically as determined by the medical examiner.
concentra medical and certified examiners
concentra medical centers employ certified medical examiners who are trained to conduct dot physicals according to fmcsa standards. this ensures that all exams are thorough and meet the required guidelines.
ensuring safety and compliance
the department of transportation (dot), through the carrier safety administration (fmcsa), mandates these physical exams to ensure that all commercial drivers are fit for duty. this is a critical step in maintaining safety on the roads, protecting the drivers, and ensuring public safety.
order and patient experience
concentra emphasizes patient care and ensures that the process of getting a dot physical is smooth and efficient. their structured order of conducting exams and the focus on the rights and comfort of the patients make them a preferred choice for many commercial drivers.
in conclusion, concentra’s comprehensive services, from scheduling appointments to conducting thorough dot physicals, make them an ideal choice for drivers needing to meet federal requirements. ensuring that drivers maintain their dot medical card not only complies with the law but also contributes significantly to road safety.
call to action
for more information or to schedule your dot physical, call (704) 544-3494 to make an appointment at your nearest concentra location.
detailed examination procedures at concentra
when drivers arrive for their concentra dot physical, they can expect a detailed and organized process aimed at thoroughly evaluating their fitness for duty. this process is designed to be efficient yet comprehensive, ensuring all necessary health parameters are checked.
pre-examination procedures
before the examination begins, drivers will complete a medical questionnaire detailing their medical history, current medications, and any past or present health issues. this helps the certified medical examiner understand the patients’ health background and any potential areas of concern.
vision and hearing tests
the first steps of the physical examination usually involve vision and hearing tests. drivers must meet specific standards to ensure they can safely operate a commercial vehicle. these tests are crucial because even minor deficiencies in vision or hearing can significantly impact a driver’s ability to react quickly and effectively on the road.
blood pressure and heart health
monitoring cardiovascular health is a critical component of the dot physical. the certified medical examiner will check the driver’s blood pressure and pulse to ensure there are no signs of hypertension or other heart-related issues. maintaining healthy blood pressure is vital as cardiovascular problems can lead to severe, sudden incapacitation while driving.
comprehensive physical examination
the physical examination itself is thorough, covering various aspects of health:

mouth and throat: checking for any obstructions or abnormalities.
abdomen and organs: palpation to detect any unusual masses or tenderness.
limbs and joints: ensuring the driver has the physical capability to handle a vehicle’s demands.

urinalysis and other tests
a routine urinalysis is conducted to check for underlying conditions such as diabetes or kidney issues. this test can reveal a lot about the patient’s overall health and is a standard part of the dot physical.
concentra’s role in ensuring compliance and safety
concentra is dedicated to ensuring that all dot physicals are conducted following the guidelines set by the federal motor carrier safety administration (fmcsa). this ensures that drivers not only meet the legal requirements but also understand the importance of maintaining their health for their safety and that of others on the road.
convenient access and urgent care services
one of the advantages of choosing concentra for a dot physical is the accessibility of their services. with numerous locations and the availability of urgent care dot services, drivers can easily find a clinic that fits their schedule. concentra offers both scheduled appointments and walk-in services, making it easier for drivers to get their physicals done without significant interruptions to their work.
the value of certified medical examiners
all dot physicals at concentra are conducted by certified medical examiners. these professionals are trained and certified to perform dot exams, ensuring that each examination meets the high standards required by the fmcsa. this certification process includes rigorous training and testing, ensuring that examiners are knowledgeable and capable of assessing a driver’s health comprehensively.
maintaining your dot medical card
obtaining a dot medical card is essential for commercial drivers, but maintaining it is equally important. the card typically needs to be renewed every two years, although some health conditions may require more frequent examinations. drivers must keep their card up-to-date and carry it with them at all times while operating a commercial vehicle.
the process of renewal
renewing a dot medical card involves undergoing another dot physical, during which a medical examiner’s certificate (mec) is issued to ensure the driver still meets the necessary health standards. concentra makes this process straightforward, with easy scheduling and efficient examinations to minimize downtime for drivers.
conclusion and call to action
maintaining compliance with dot regulations is crucial for all commercial drivers. concentra offers a reliable, convenient solution for obtaining and renewing your dot medical card through comprehensive dot physicals conducted by certified medical examiners.
for more information or to schedule your dot physical, call (704) 544-3494 and secure your appointment at your nearest concentra location. ensuring your fitness for duty not only complies with federal regulations but also promotes safer roads for everyone.
faqs about dot physicals at concentra
how much is a dot physical in nc?
the cost of a dot physical at concentra in north carolina typically ranges from $85 to $150, depending on the specific location and any additional services required during the examination.
what does a dot physical consist of in illinois?
in illinois, a dot physical at concentra includes a comprehensive review of the driver’s medical history, vision and hearing tests, blood pressure and pulse rate checks, a full physical examination (including checks of the mouth and throat, abdomen, and limbs), and a urinalysis to detect underlying health conditions.
how much is a dot physical in michigan?
the cost of a dot physical at concentra locations in michigan usually falls between $90 and $160. prices can vary slightly based on the clinic and any supplementary tests or services needed during the physical.
what is the blood pressure requirement for a concentra dot physical?
to pass a dot physical at concentra, drivers must have a blood pressure reading below 140/90. if a driver’s blood pressure is higher, they may be given a temporary certification and advised to manage their blood pressure through lifestyle changes or medication before re-testing.
final thoughts
ensuring compliance with dot regulations through regular physical exams is a critical responsibility for commercial drivers. concentra provides a convenient and reliable solution, with certified medical examiners ready to conduct thorough and efficient dot physicals. by prioritizing their health and staying up-to-date with their dot medical card, drivers contribute to safer roads and better driving conditions for everyone.
remember, for more information or to schedule your dot physical, call (704) 544-3494 and secure your appointment at your nearest concentra location. your health and safety are paramount, and concentra is here to help you meet those standards.…



posted on july 7, 2024 by admin 
posted in cheapest dot physical near me, dot physical concentratagged cheapest dot physical near me, dot exam charlotte nc 




the benefits of seeing a chiropractor in charlotte, nc for back pain 


seeing a chiropractor in charlotte, nc for back pain







if you are suffering from back pain, you may be wondering what your options are for relief. while medication and surgery are common treatments, there is another option that can provide natural and effective relief: seeing a chiropractor in charlotte, nc. chiropractic care can be very effective in treating back pain, and there are a range of benefits to seeking chiropractic care for this condition.
what is chiropractic care?
chiropractic care is a form of alternative medicine that focuses on the diagnosis and treatment of musculoskeletal and nervous system disorders. chiropractors in charlotte, nc use a variety of techniques, including manual manipulation, to adjust the spine and other joints in the body. by correcting misalignments in the spine, chiropractors can help to improve overall function and reduce pain and discomfort.
how can chiropractors in charlotte, nc help with back pain?
chiropractors in charlotte, nc can help to alleviate back pain in a variety of ways. here are some of the ways that chiropractic care can be effective in treating back pain:

restore alignment

misalignments in the spine can cause pressure and tension that can lead to back pain. chiropractors in charlotte, nc can help to restore alignment in the spine and other joints, reducing pressure and tension and promoting better overall function.

reduce inflammation

inflammation can contribute to back pain and can make it more difficult for the body to heal. chiropractors in charlotte, nc can help to reduce inflammation by promoting better circulation and reducing tension in the body.

improve range of motion

limited range of motion can be a contributing factor in back pain. by adjusting the spine and other joints, chiropractors can help to improve range of motion and reduce stiffness and tension in the body.

relieve pressure on nerves

pressure on nerves can cause back pain and other symptoms. chiropractors in charlotte, nc can help to relieve pressure on nerves by adjusting the spine and other joints, reducing tension and promoting better overall function.

promote healing

chiropractic care can help to promote healing by improving circulation, reducing inflammation, and promoting better overall function in the body. by promoting better healing, chiropractors in charlotte, nc can help to reduce pain and improve overall health.
benefits of seeing a chiropractor in charlotte, nc for back pain
there are a range of benefits to seeking chiropractic care for back pain in charlotte, nc. here are some of the key benefits:

non-invasive treatment

chiropractic care is a non-invasive treatment that can provide natural relief from back pain. unlike surgery or medication, chiropractic care does not involve any invasive procedures or side effects.

effective pain relief

chiropractic care has been shown to be effective in treating back pain. by addressing the underlying cause of pain, chiropractors in charlotte, nc can provide long-term relief that can help to improve overall health and wellbeing.

improved function

chiropractic care can help to improve overall function in the body, reducing the risk of injury and promoting better mobility and flexibility. this can be especially important for individuals with chronic back pain.

personalized care

chiropractors in charlotte, nc offer personalized care that is tailored to each individual’s needs. by taking the time to understand each patient’s unique situation, chiropractors can provide customized treatment plans that are designed to achieve the best possible outcomes.

better quality of life

by providing relief from back pain and promoting better overall health, chiropractic care can help to improve quality of life. patients who receive chiropractic care often report feeling more energetic, less stressed, and more able to enjoy their daily activities.
conclusion
if you are suffering from back pain, chiropractic care may be just what you need to achieve relief and improve your overall health and wellbeing. by addressing the underlying cause of pain and promoting better overall function in the body, chiropractors in charlotte, nc can provide natural and effective relief from back pain. with personalized care, non-invasive treatment, and a range of other benefits, chiropractic care is a safe and effective way to improve your quality of life and achieve better health. so why not schedule an appointment with a chiropractor in charlotte, nc today and start experiencing the benefits for yourself? with the right chiropractor on your side, you can achieve the relief and improved health that you deserve. and for those looking for a more natural and effective approach to back pain, chiropractic care in charlotte, nc is the perfect solution.





…



posted on march 25, 2023march 25, 2023 by admin 
posted in uncategorized 




chiropractor yardley pa 


the best chiropractor near yardley pa

 
the practice is available monday: 945 am — 1 pm / 245 pm — 7 pm tuesday: closed / 245 pm — 7 pm wednesday: 945 am — 1 pm / 245 pm — 7 pm thursday: closed / 245 pm — 7 pm friday: 945 am — 1 pm / 245 pm — 6 pm. the clinic offers safe, effective, and nonsurgical treatments to a wide variety of health issues such as:
the moment you go into the clinic, you’ll have to fill some brief paperwork. the paperwork is essential as it provides some basic information regarding yourself, your own condition, and medical history. you need to bring your insurance coverage since some insurance plans will have their own paperwork.
when the paperwork is finished, you will have a short consultation with a number of those physicians. they’ll speak about your requirements, health concerns, and treatment modalities.
your medical history will be discussed in order to find out the actual condition and your health goals. afterward, a number of medical tests will be performed in order to determine the problems affecting you and to what extent.
if your condition requires an x ray, the doctor will direct you to the relevant section. the x-ray is studied to aid you to get the most effective chiropractic treatment strategy for your condition.
the patient is provided with his/her first day’s therapy after all of the tests and examinations are finished. the remedies could include chiropractic adjustment, soft tissue therapies, and physical treatments.
if your condition does not respond to chiropractic care, the practice will consult with the experts that can help you get rid of the condition.
prior to leaving the practice, the individual gets instructions on how they should run him/herself in your home.
there may be certain actions or additional treatments such as ice/heat treatment that they should conduct at home.
you will be given the next appointment at a date that’s convenient for both you and the practice. normally, patients are seen within 1-2 days and supplied with a complete review and findings in your affliction.
herniated discs
carpal tunnel syndrome
degenerative joint conditions such as osteoarthritis and spinal stenosis
sciatica, arm pain, leg pain, and the rest of the consequences of nerve impingement
spine and neck pain due to severe injuries or chronic conditions
whiplash from car accidents
sport accidents
shoulder pain
you will find our yardley pa chiropractor for a highly affectionate, skilled, and knowledgeable practitioner with a real need to assist patients in the area. dr. tucker was practicing in the area for many years and helped thousands of patients to enhance their general health and well-being. that’s why the practice is rated as one of the best chiropractic care facilities near yardley pa and is currently close to newtown pa, fairless hills. visit our clinic to see if we’re a fantastic match for your needs. we’re happy to diagnose your illness and discuss all details of your attention. stop by our website to make a consultation right now – http://www.drdavidtucker.com. it is possible to call 215-750-8006 and request an appointment. tucker chiropractic center close yardley pa utilizes cutting-edge diagnostic tools as well as treatment modalities for complete wellbeing of their patients. your initial trip to the practice is very important. here’s what you should expect in your first visit to the clinic: dr. tucker looks forward to helping you and your nearest and dearest overcome pain, distress, and improve your wellbeing and well-being through optimal musculoskeletal and neurological function. their non-toxic, drug-free, hands-on strategy represents the best in state of the art maintenance – most of them serving the highest goal of helping the individual feel better fast. if you are on the watch for drug-free and nonsurgical remedies for spine pain, neck pain, muscular pain, whiplash from automobile accidents, sciatica, headaches, and sports injuries, you have arrived at the right place. dr. tucker and his team are renowned for their continuous service to yardley pa for many years utilizing the state of the art tools and treatment methods. that’s the reason why they are highly regarded as one of the best chiropractic care centers in the region. are you trying to find the best chiropractor around yardley pa? with countless professionals functioning in the area, selecting the best chiropractor for yardley pa isn’t simple and isn’t some bizarro world (yes that is a seinfeld reference). that is why you should be doing extensive research on the credentials of the professional and their standing in the region when looking for the best chiropractor near yardley pa.. that is where tucker chiropractic center near yardley pa comes in handy. here is why you need to choose tucker chiropractic center close to yardley pa for many of your own body aches and injuries to keep optimal health at our optimal wellness center.
ultrasound – breaks up scar tissue built up within the joints and muscles.
traction therapy – helps distract joints in order to facilitate proper alignment of the joints.
massage therapy
physical therapy
electric muscle stimulation
cryotherapy (ice)
superficial heat therapy
exercise therapy and functional gym
nutrition counseling
back braces
wellness program
tucker chiropractic center is located in bucks county and should be considered your chiropractor yardley pa is geared to supplying premier wellness and preventative chiropractic health care to their patients in the region. the group concentrates on excellence in care at all times supplying holistic care as the centre for chiropractic care servicing yardley pennsylvania, oxford valley, newtown pa and fairless hills. that’s why they are considered among the best chiropractic care centers in the region. the center employs a wide selection of therapeutic modalities to satisfy the needs of the patients in the region. below are a few of the most effective non-invasive therapeutic techniques practiced by these.
…



posted on november 2, 2019december 16, 2019 by admin 
posted in chiropractor yardley patagged chiropractor yardley pa 






search for:



social media icons

recent posts


understanding dot physical concentra and its services


the benefits of seeing a chiropractor in charlotte, nc for back pain


chiropractor yardley pa


chiropractor near me: what are the benefits of a charlotte chiropractor?


cheapest dot physical near me


 

































				  
    				theme: sensible by modernthemes.net 




home
privacy policy
terms of use
contact us
affiliate disclosure
dmca
earnings disclaimer














