






regional plan center | spokane, wa


































pay invoice
project upload
buyer’s guide
private projects
member login
 












home
membership
events

crab feed
golf tournament
calendar
classifieds


about us

history
insurance benefits
scholarship program
trades


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 










the easiest way to access commercial projects out for bid in the northwest

become a member







24/7 online access
to hundreds of projects



real time automated alerts
keep you up to date on projects



custom search
finds exactly what you want







are you missing out
on business?



<head><title>document moved</title></head>
<body><h1>object moved</h1>this document may be found <a href="https://ipin.plancenter.net/ipin/totalopenprojects.asp">here</a></body>
total projects out for bid





<head><title>document moved</title></head>
<body><h1>object moved</h1>this document may be found <a href="https://ipin.plancenter.net/ipin/totalnewprojects.asp?days=5">here</a></body>
new projects in the last 5 days



become a member








is limited access to out for bid construction projects costing you business?
every day there are hundreds of projects that are up for bid throughout the northwest. many of these projects are the perfect fit for general contractors, subcontractors & suppliers.what if you could see hundreds of commercial projects out for bid?

become a member







membership benefits
as a member, you’ll have access to all documents and information you need to bid on commercial jobs. you’ll also have access to a network of general contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers that you can work with to complete jobs.







online project resources
our online resources give you access to all of the information you need to bid on hundreds of projects in the region.





printed plans
use our reprographics services to print your blueprints for projects and jobsites at the plan center for a discounted price.





24/7 online jobs access
members have access to project documents online twenty four hours a day, seven days a week with unlimited downloads.







directory of professionals
our a&e and member directory lists are available to all of our members. you can use it to search by company name or use a more advanced search to locate by an employee.





advanced search function
unlike many plan centers, we offer an advanced search function. you can search all specs and addenda by keyword and even use multiple search criteria.





insurance benefits
members get access to our comprehensive healthcare coverage network, including medical, dental, and vision. life/ad&d & eap is included with medical plans.





become a member











about us
serving the northwest for over 75 years
we’ve been serving the northwest region since 1945. today we proudly work with 850 companies and have over 4000 active users. we’ve streamlined the process that connects generals and sub-contractors, owners, architects, and suppliers so our members can focus on what they do best.

contact us







getting access is easy







become a member
simply, fill out our online application and make your initial membership payment. membership fees can be billed quarterly or annually.





customize your filter(our team will help)
once your membership is activated, you’ll have access to our software and hundreds of daily bid listings. you can set filters to zero in on specific opportunities with custom filters.





receive automaticnotifications
get immediate notification alerts 24/7 on projects you’re tracking so you’re always up to date on important changes and updates.





become a member







insurance benefits
for members
the spokane regional plan center participates in a construction industry association health plan comprised of general contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers serving our local community. the program offers premera blue cross, ameritas and metlife to employers with two or more enrolled employees. 

insurance benefits








scholarship program
we believe in the power of education
we believe in the power of education. that’s why we work with community members to raise money every year for our scholarship program. we’ve raised over $253,000 for scholarships since 1994 and have awarded these scholarships to kids from our membership construction community. we host two events during the year to raise money for the scholarship program; click the events below to learn more.

become a member







why the plan center works for contractors and builders.
you know that putting your initial bid in is just the first step if you’re a general contractor. you may still require sub bids from subcontractors to build your team. using a local project plan center for your project streamlines the sub-bid process. you will be connected with hundreds of local subcontractors, so you get the best bids with the fastest turnaround possible.

become a member











what our members say 
the membership adds continual value to our members in multiple ways depending on your specific needs throughout the year.








“the spokane regional plan center provides us with document access to bidding companies throughout the northwest and access to commercial projects bidding. without the plan center our bidding information would be greatly limited.”
sean tansy
tanz mechanical insulation inc







“the spokane regional plan centers online reporting service has been a great resource for our organization. we have the majority of our plans printed by the plan center and we use their online reporting services for job leads daily.”
tom
dsi construction







“having used plan centers since the late 1990’s in the bay area ca, seattle wa and spokane wa, the sprc is the best plan center i have worked with.  the service provides a significant amount of bidding opportunities. sprc does a superb job of parsing the complex information into useable information for the various specialty trades. in summary, srpc service is an invaluable tool for identifying opportunities and properly bidding them.  the platform is technically superior.  and the customer service is unmatched.”
jim dickson
sphcontrols








faqs





non member faqs


what is the spokane regional plan center?
we are an electronic library of bidding projects for the construction industry. our staff reports on over 6000 bidding projects annually, saving our members the time of tracking down bid documents.

what area do you cover for acquiring projects?
though our focus area is central, eastern washington & northern idaho, we also obtain projects from western washington, oregon, southern idaho, montana, and some of alaska.

what does it cost to become a member of the spokane regional plan center?
our membership dues are $1020 a year or $255 per quarter. please see our membership page for more information.

do you offer free trials for companies considering membership?
yes, we do! please fill out the online trial request form.  we will review your request and contact you with full login information.




member faqs


my company is a member, how do i add or edit our list of users who have access?
follow the user update form link to add or edit user information.

how can we update our company profile information?
please fill out the company update form at the following link company update.  our membership team will verify the changes and confirm via email when completed.

as a member, is there more information on how to use your product?
 if you have questions about our online product, please contact us at your convenience or we have some tutorial videos posted explaining some of the functionality of our software.










contact us to learn more aboutspokane regional plan center

509 – 328 – 9600



 








hours of operation 

			monday thru friday 
8:00 am  -  4:00 pm 
closed major holidays
		
helpful linksmember login
private projects
crab feed
golf tournament
cancellation
contact us spokane regional plan center





209 n. havana, spokane, wa 99202, u.s.a.








509-328-9600








		 509-328-7279
	


 




created by well dressed walrus 









				member login			





members only login form


user name: 





password: 






save password
 forgot password










			×			
















