



primary resources - free teaching resources, lesson plans, teaching ideas & worksheets for primary and elementary teachers












  advertisement










hosted by:




























    our other site: 


 















































 





 

        free lesson plans, activity ideas and
        resources for primary teachers.











                        advertisement:



















 online since november 1998 / latest updates / terms & conditions / privacy policy


















 third-party cookies are used on this site. please click here to set your preferences. 

















we need
                  your contributions!
how do you contribute?
click here for details.
many thanks to all the
wonderful contributors of
                resources and the
kind supporters of the site!






 introduction -  email
 terms & conditions of use

got a question about the site?
check out the frequently asked questions pages 



































this site is dedicated to the memory of
leonard "leo" francis pitchford
born asleep 10/11/05



 
 



















search this site with
 custom search













important information 





























disclaimer & terms of use:



click here for our full terms and conditions of use. all material on this site is copyrighted and should not be reproduced without permission.  all material and links on this site are provided in good faith. no responsibility can be assumed for the accuracy of the information held on this site or any consequences arising from the use of the information. we strongly advise teachers to check the accuracy and suitability of all worksheets and lesson plans before using them with their class. unfortunately we are unable to guarantee that this site or that the materials on this site will be available at any given  time - teachers are asked to bear this in mind when planning lessons. contributors should ensure that all material sent for publication  is their own work and does not infringe the copyright of others.
















      advertisements:











©1997-2023 
        primary resources - click here for terms and conditions - help / about us - key to symbols - contact - advertising  - cookies  -top of page





