



global marketing resources @ pangaea ™





















pangaea.net is the online service of 
pangaea®, international consultants, 
a global consultancy with expertise in 
strategic positioning, branding, competitive
intelligence, multicultural advertising and 
consumer psychographics for the largest 
consumer products/services companies in the world. 


pangaea is the word for the original supercontinent; 
before the continental drift broke up the land mass into 
asia, europe, africa, etc., we called it pangaea. hence, our positioning statement: 

"...we're putting the continents back together."™ 

quick search  on pangaea.net by key word







visit our online

	book store

video preview 
doing business in china: 1996
order video[quicktime 3.5 megabytes]



poll
 -- marketing in color cross-culturally [related article]







the world's global business resource center
for the marketing, advertising, research and consulting community.

pangaea.net 
is " 
indispensable," 
world trade magazine 2/96 


 
-netguide



choice site!!!! -starting point


see our comments about the ny times article -- 
1/2/96, pages c1 and c15. 








is this your first visit to pangaea.net™?
yes     
no
are you already listed in the igm?
yes   
no
would you like to participate in our online research panel?
yes   
no
comments/questions:



 
press button one time only









 trade leads and business contacts 


interactive global marketplace™ (igm) directory and company showcase offers immediate access to and 
communication with contacts in businesses around the world. see membership benefits 
tradeboard™for buyers and sellers! 
post goods and services for global trade - on pangaea's exclusive import/export tradeboard bulletin 
board. 



interactive communications and meeting rooms


pangaea.talk™ links the continents

note: due to intermittent problems with the o'reilley software, the bulletin boards 
may not be available.  we are working on it.  please try again.
bulletin boards pangaea members discuss international business issues, the news and make contacts. want 
to know more or register for free? 


real-time chat meeting rooms. set up an online business meeting or find out who is connected now. but you'll 
need this month's user id (igm) and password (netchat). want more information? also see the igm. 


international news and information 


interactive global news™ is our exclusive online e-edition newsletter for international marketing business 
news and trends. 

do you think that visa and mastercard will become the future electronic global currency? 



world news today.... headlines and abstracts updated 24 hours a day! 

feature articles:

us may be opening doors to cuba after 40 years 
 -- 
by michael fjetland  
the challenge of working and living in mexico  by
marc ehrlich 




collectibles™ -- an information repository and research starting point. includes links to other resources, 
mailing lists/newsgroups and proprietary database of facts. for example: 
did you know...? 
 women ages 30-50 spend more than us$1 bil on wrinkle creams in america. 

asian consumers buy nearly 1/3 of goods sold abroad by the usa.




country profiles and insights find statistics, travel 
information,  economic perspectives, trading partners, international trade organizations and more. most
recent  updates focus on s. korea, 
mexico and brazil.

see comparative country tables

look up members of different trade organizations.  (ie. who belongs to opec?)

recommended reading






what's new? 


new r e c i p r o c a l  .  l i n k s program! exchange links with pangaea.net.

future features™ what's new and what to expect in the next few months on @pangaea.net -- or tell us your 
requests or suggestions. 

upcoming events search over 10,000 trade shows, conferences and 
seminars worldwide. 


classifieds -- pangaea's interactive 
global resource center™. shop for marketing resources: 
books, cross-cultural 
business videos, find the lowest airfares, place a help wanted ad in our job bank, find resumes and more. [interns needed], 
[office manager needed] [consultants registry] 










about pangaea.net 


service information who are we? what are we doing 
here? what can we do for you? privacy policy.  and why you should 
belong to the @pangaea.net community. 

member support paid listings/memberships and 
advertising support the site -- its content, new features, updates and maintenance. show your 
support and get listed, become a pangaea.net sponsor or advertiser.
information contributions are also welcome.


awards, public appearances, quotes in the press
 an updated list of our public recognition. 
company brochure an overview of pangaea's custom strategic global marketing 
consulting practice, services, background info (includes bios). 
contact pangaeacommunications for more information. 



how to get online 


guest book sign our guest book, and get a free trial web listing in the summary pages of the interactive global 
marketplace™ for a limited time... 

website services full internet presence services offered. our team consists of an award-winning graphic design 
studio, state-of-the-art software developers and international marketing and research experts. 

submission guidelines and rates 









 search international business information and contacts on pangaea.net. 






did you add your name to our guest book?  

©  1996-2020  pangaea, international consultants


site updated: 5/12/2020


