


dr. jerry v. teplitz, csp, speaker and consultant-brain performance programs













1 800 777 3529   info@teplitz.com   contact now 














  
dr. jerry v. teplitz, jd, phd.
 
expert in applying brain performance, neuroplasticity and stress management in the business arena
  


featured on
          








home & about
about dr. jerry teplitz  contact us client list blog free: e-newsletter for attendees only

switched-on seminars
switched-on seminars become an instructor find an instructor in your area the proof: validation research

profiles & reports

hiring reports
individuals organizations
profiles
individuals organizations

products


educational
audio learning systems books – print & digital dvd & digital learning systems digital downloads

music by halpern
sounds for health personal subliminal business subliminal

learning systems
switched-on living learning system switched-on selling course

online training
switched-on internet marketing online training switched-on start-up entrepreneur online training 

products
lighting products q-link pendants




contact









short-time programs that
deliver a long-term impact for associations, businesses and individuals








looking for an exciting speaker?
if you demand an uplifting, unique experience presented by an award-winning author, speaker, ph.d. in holistic health sciences, attorney, and certified speaking professional, then you need brain performance, neuroplasticity and stress management expert
dr. jerry v. teplitz.






designated an “association excellence speaker” by the canadian society of association executives





selected as a “best-in-class speaker” by the professional convention management association





the veteran speakers network has honored him by inducting him as a "legend of the speaking profession"







what are you looking for in a speaker?



if you want
keynotes, seminars and webinars that have long-term benefits, receives high audience ratings and becomes the talk of the meeting




if you need
programs that are top notch, educational, entertaining and even have cell phone users paying attention




if you require
programs that demonstrate immediate results, and have a direct bottom line impact




if you want
someone who gets the entire audience up and participating, uses lots of volunteers on stage and demonstrates techniques that can be applied as soon as the presentation ends




then you need
jerry at your next conference, training or webinar










are these just promises, or does jerry really deliver?


janice mashak, director member service, leadingage wisconsin. janice came down on the deliver side!
you promised you would have people talking about your presentation throughout the conference, and they did.
you promised you would share information that participants could put to use immediately and have them practicing better time management skills, and they are.
you promised participants would ask that we bring you back for future programs, and they have.
as a matter of fact, you delivered 100% on every promise you made.

barbara klemm director of conferences, credit union executives society
you could have heard a pin drop; you had our annual business and management meeting participants entranced!!





want more proof?
watch this video to hear what other industry leaders say about the impact and benefits of jerry’s keynotes and seminars.



 your browser does not support the video tag.



there are 20 testimonials from industry leaders in a variety of industries on this video. watch until you’re convinced about the quality of the experience jerry gives to his audience.










see for yourself
by watching this video of jerry presenting the first 17 minutes of a keynote.
while we know you usually watch just the first few minutes of a speaker’s demo, we’re asking you to do something different and watch the full 17 minutes because what jerry shares with his audiences is so different and so unique:

he works with volunteers on stage;
he gets the entire audience up and participating;
they are validating what he’s presenting every step of the way.

we guarantee that the audience will be so engaged in the experience that they’ll forget to look at their cell phones.



 your browser does not support the video tag.









here’s what susan taylor, director of professional development,
tennessee bankers association said about jerry’s 17-minute video.

as a conference planner of 13 years, i am constantly inundated with videos from speakers. when i watched your video at home, i found myself glued to the tv screen. suddenly, i realized that i had watched the entire video.










feedback from attendees
it’s one thing to talk about what planners and industry leaders say about the impact of jerry’s presentations. it’s another to hear what the most important people – your audience members – have to say about what jerry does:







this is the most outstanding program ever. it will change my life.
clay ebarb vice president, people’s state bank




refreshing new content that forces one to re-evaluate sales and life. thank you for something different and backing it up with evidence.
cathy mann serple sales consultant, fidelity national title, ft. myers, fl




one of the most interesting programs i have seen.
don thacker president, central oil of virginia, rock mount, va




motivational and amazing, very entertaining and inspiring.
tracy little manager, jrp, richmond, va




most valuable seminar i attended in a long time.
bethanne enoki vice president, c. brewer & co., ltd., honolulu, hi




this seminar will change the way i do business, starting now.
lorry leigh belhumeur ceo, western youth services, laguna hills, ca




very thought provoking and challenged my current thinking. provided me with the tools to do things differently.
katie hughes executive director, canadian mental health association, north vancouver, bc




one of the best speakers we’ve ever had.
jerry miron cfo, affordable medicine solutions, tucson, az




energetic and interesting!! i can hardly wait to try out jerry’s examples! dynamic plus.
donna ammons editor, the sabine index, many, la


read additional quotes









he’s spoken to a broad range of industries
select your industry from the list below. if your industry is not on the list, then click on either associations or corporations.



associations construction corporations dental groups educational institutions financial institutions food industry government organizations


healthcare organizations home builders hospitality insurance organizations legal profession manufacturing & distribution presidents' groups pharmaceutical


professional organizations real estate retail technology telecommunications utilities wellness





jerry presents online virtual seminar presentations



managing your stress in these difficult times increasing your leadership power to new levels of excellence working together: effective ways to build successful teams speeding to effective time mastery: working smarter now harder your communication success formula increasing your brain’s performance for greater professional and selling success





jerry does programs for specific groups within organizations



professionals executives leadership


sales management wellness





jerry offers several unique and specialized program for:
golfers and designers

par and beyond secrets to better golf and better business
pr, graphic and web designers - creating high energy websites and pr materials



jerry offers powerful brain re-education programs
these research validated, bottom-line focused seminars are designed to get your people over their brain blocks in minutes by using the copyrighted bain gym movements and exercises:



switched-on selling switched-on management switched-on network marketing


switched-on start-up entrepreneur switched-on advanced entrepreneur switched-on golf














about dr. teplitz
dr. jerry v. teplitz' background is as unique as the techniques and approaches he teaches. he is a graduate of hunter college and northwestern university school of law. he practiced as an attorney for the illinois environmental protection agency.
at that point, jerry's career took a dramatic change of direction. jerry studied and received a masters and doctorate degree in holistic health sciences. he was on the faculty of the u.s. chamber of commerce institute for organization management for nine years.
he’s president of his consulting firm and as a professional speaker, he has spoken at over 1800 meetings and to over one million people. he conducts seminars in the areas of leadership, management, stress management, employee productivity and sales development.
jerry is the author of two amazon bestsellers - switched-on selling: balance your brain for selling success and switched-on networking: balance your brain for networking success. other books he has authored include managing your stress in difficult times, switched-on living and brain gym for business.
articles on jerry have appeared in such publications as successful meetings, prevention, and travel & leisure golf magazine. he has also been listed in several editions of who's who in america and now hosts an internet radio show called healthy alternatives.
jerry has been selected by the canadian society of association executives as an “association excellence speaker” and by the professional convention management association as a “best-in-class speaker” based on the quality and impact of his presentations. he has been honored by being inducted as a “legend of the speaking profession” by the veteran speakers network.







here's a sampling of organizations jerry has spoken to




























any questions or are you ready to book dr. teplitz?
contact us for fees and availability


copyright 2020 jerry teplitz enterprises, inc. all rights reserved.
virginia beach, va, usa 23454
brain-gym is a registered trademark of: https://www.braingym.org/













