







on the von wentzel, prout catamarans, and other things.

welcome to the von wentzel family site!
please enjoy a mix of information that i hope is useful to you. there is some data on how to repair and set up apple airport base stations, size and evaluate marine batteries, some prout sailboat repair and fun, even some heating and cooling trivia. the private stuff has been moved offline to make room for new things... if you need access to a file or two, contact me.

electronica
learn more about apple airport base stations! initially conceived as a guide to repair a common internal power supply problem, this section has expanded, covering external antennas, improving cooling, and other diversions.
in the lead-acid battery section of my web-site, i go into some depth about marine battery choices. discover how to size and configure your system, and what battery (agm, gel, flooded) makes the most sense for you. i even offer a free cost model!
sailing:
voyages on the cats pyjamas, the family catamaran, chronicles past trips... sailing is in my blood - i love it. you'll get an idea just   how much fun we have sailing her when we   can. 
unfortunately, we have had to repair many oem defects on our prout escale... some of them were life-threatening. if you own or are considering the purchase of a prout catamaran, you might want to have a look. no matter how much fun our prout has been to sail, it's  pretty scary how much time and money we have spent on repairs   on what was a new boat. 
our pischel rigid inflatable dinghy has been a roaring success. despite  many seasons in the sun, marine growth encrustations, and the rocks of maine "beaches", it has been holding up great. we decided to adapt it a bit to its nonnative working environment. this section tells you how we did it.
hvac help
don't lose your shirt heating and cooling your home! in this section, i have put together some information on heating and cooling systems, how to size them, maintain them, etc.
ever wondered what it is like to simulate a factory in ms excel®?  here are  links to three  reports i co-authored for energy efficiency issues of washing  machines, air conditioners, and water heaters on the doe web-site.



and now for a word from your friendly webmaster, constantin von wentzel

welcome again to vonwentzel.net... this site is a bit on the eclectic side and current house renovations have me months behind schedule as far as updating it. in the meantime, i hope you enjoy what's here. please read the terms of use to ensure that the site does not lock you out. if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to click on the link below and send me a message.

cheers,
constantin


for those that care, this site was built primarily using bbedit on a macintosh. it is html 4.01 and css compliant. terms of use




