






                  canyon of the eagles              














all trails and waterfront areas will be closed monday 2/17 until friday 2/21
burn ban has been lifted as of 2/11/2025
resort and offices closed sunday 4:00pm - wednesdays 7:30am
for further details email info@canyonoftheeagles.com 









              book now            


open main menu








                  ways to stay                  








                          ways to stay                        



                          guest rooms                        



                          rv camping                        



                          tent camping                        






                  things to do                  








                          things to do                        



                          adventure hub: kayaks, fishing, and lake access                        



                          bike rentals and trails                        



                          resort pool                        



                          relaxation                        



                          eagle eye observatory                        






                  meetings & weddings                  








                          meetings & weddings                        



                          weddings                        



                          meetings & events                        






                  dining                  








                          dining                        



                          the overlook restaurant                        



                          entertainment                        






                  resort events & offers                



                  more                  








                          maps                        



                          jobs                        



                          faqs                        



                          review us                        



                          policies                        






                  contact                








facebook page






instagram page













          adventure and tranquility meet at canyon of the eagles!        


 


      welcome to texas hill country    

welcome to canyon of the eagles, a nature-based resort where you can be active, do absolutely nothing, or do a little of both.
we offer the perfect balance of rural texas hill country terrain, recreational activities, and relaxation. the 940-acre expansive location brings the best land, water, and sky experiences together in one place. 

 



        plan your visit      










                      more info
                      



                    lodging & camping                  













                      more info
                      



                    dining                  













                      more info
                      



                    weddings & events                  













                      more info
                      



                    recreate & relax                  







 



        testimonials      






i thoroughly enjoyed this experience. the knowledge, the wonder, the beauty, was all a bit mesmerizing. the astronomerwas great, and full of wisdom. i will absolutely visit this again! 




                  justin m on google                






canyon of the eagles is the perfect place for a family reunion of any size if you want exceptional event planners and staffwith comfortable clean cabins, beautiful surroundings and delicious meals at the onsite overlook restaurant. we enjoyed nature hikes, bikes, movies outside and s'mores by the fire pit, swimming at the pool and fishing at the pier on lake buchanan that was within walking distance. there were enough activities for young and old but the best was the large covered porches where we would gather to relax and visit. we appreciated the peace and quiet and being able to unplug from tv and wifi. the prices were reasonable especially for the amenities offered. 




                  rebecca s on google                






we couldn't have picked a better place to get away for the weekend. everything far exceeded our expectation and we will definitely be back. staff was great, room was impeccably clean, restaurant had great offerings and didn't disappoint. the grounds are pristinely maintained and the entire property is an oasis for relaxation and enjoyment of nature. 




                  melissa c on tripadvisor                






food is delicious! the new chef, matilda, is great! beautiful place to come and relax from the hubbub of the city. great trails to walk and explore. and don't miss the eagle eye observatory 




                  maria c on yelp                






stayed a week in the rv park. the stars at night seem so close you could collect them in a jar. the coyotes howling at night was so cool... the awesome hosts allen and holly were like meeting tennessee in texas. hospitality on fleek. go! you'll love it. ❤️ 




                  tea m. on google                








previous





next





 




























































































































 



          come adventure texas hill country!        


              book your stay            










            canyon of the eagles          


            16942 ranch road 2341
                        burnet, tx 78611          












canyon of the eagles is operated by rrm-clm services, llc and is authorized concessionaire of the lower colorado river authority.  

privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility statement






stay in touch
sign up with your email to receive updates.





email address








subscribe









        © 2025 canyon of the eagles. all rights reserved.
      





