



motorbikestoday 10th december 2024


































 



quick links





























advertisements














get 
                            on track with mbt 
                              trackguides








blogs...
                          not necessarily 
                          the official view of motorbikestoday 



the editor's blog 

 




laura's blog 

 






 


 



europe's 
                          most popular independent online 
                        motorcycle magazine with over 170,000 readers...







 


last
                        updated:  tuesday 10th december 2024


 



 



 



 





motorcycle live it happens most years and it varies a lot. people say it's a pale shadow of what it used to be. well they would. there's a lot fewer of us and this internet gives a lot of people the info they need. but. 2024 was a good year. and i have every reason to be optimistic about the future. you should take a visit...
ruroc seem to be quite fond of breaking stereotypes and upsetting old rules. if i were all trendy i might call them "disruptors" but i'm not so i won't. however, it's a well known fact that you can't have decent audio in a race helmet, right? well, the ruroc shockwave might suggest different...
gloves. really important and surprisingly difficult to get right. especially here in the uk, where we have been known to get all four seasons in one day. sometimes before lunch. knox have recognised this challenge and tackled it head-on with their coniston all eather glove. 
bmw have had a gs in their model range for a very long time. the r1300gs is the latest incarnation of the line, and is much, much more than just a bigger engine and some clever fluff. have a read and see what this reluctant admirer had to say about it...


















 



 



 





the end of the season saw francesco enjoying the highs and lows of club racing. i think it's fair to say that the winter rest will be both welcome and needed, as well as highly deserved. no spoilers here, though - read the article and see how francesco and aghostina got on at anglesey...
morocco is a wonderful place full of interesting sights, fantastic smells and tastes, warm, friendly people...and some truly amazing off-road riding. 
                          we had the opportunity to visit with wilderness wheels and the experience was memorable, to say the least. read on, and have a look at the videos as well. yes, really. moving pictures. it's sorcery i tell you...
unusually we seem to have come across a talented young racer who can ride and write...and does what he says he's going to as well! here is the second of francesco's race reports, where he gets to exorcise the ghost of crashes past on the infamous craner curves. (ed - been there, crashed, got the scars to show it)...















we 
                            road test the bikes you want to see, many are 
                            unique to the web and do not feature on any 
                              other uk website. get the real reviews on 
                            today's bikes only on motorbikestoday.com *for 
                          all our latest road tests go to the reviews index*


 



 



 





knox have been busy improving their already pretty good seasonless collection. this rugged looking chap (not one of our staff) is demonstrating their latest walker 2 overtrousers. they're light, they fold up small, they're sensibly priced and if you want to know whether they keep you dry...read the article!
ruroc probably isn't yet a name that will be that familiar to you. unless you're really into snow sports or are a long-term reader here. if there's any justice that will change - they make innovative and really rather good helmets which now are also acu approved so you can use them on trackdays. the atlas 4.0 track is their latest offering - is it worth the hype? read on...
the tt has just finished with more triumphs, tribulations and records. but back in 1986 a swiss chap called sigi went and visited, took pictures and wrote some words. through a complicated series of events, those words have ended up here. take a look and see what the most exciting (and controversial) race event in the world was like 38 years ago...















 



 



 





knox will be well known to regular readers as purveyors of funky armoured gloves and useful bags. less well known, perhaps, for fashion items like jeans. don't panic - knox rydal  jeans are fashionable, yes, but they're armoured as well. a tricky combination, perhaps. have they managed? read on and see...
alpinestars is probably not an unfamilar name to you. they have a justified reputation as manufacturers of some of the best riding kit out there, so when a set of theit smx-6 v2 drystar waterproof sports boots came into the office just in time for a horrible wet winter it rather fortuitous. so they got tested rather a lot, and her's the result...
racing has always featured heavily on mbt, but pretty much always at the top, expensive end of the spectrum. francesco rossato is at the other end. a new club racer in the uk with limited budget but lots of talent - somewhere lots of us will empathise with. and this is the first of, hopefully, many reports on how things went with him at castle combe...















older articles 


helpful hints?
nurburgring motorrad course 


suspension setting part 1 
comfortair seat cushion


suspension setting part 2 
pirelli diablo supercorsa pro tyres 


racing glossary 
road angel biketrac 


earplugs! 
wiz sliders


how to change wheel bearings
knox track vest


wheeldon novices
ventura bike-pack 


knox trekker backpack
knox handroid gloves


wildereness wheels morocco
helite e-turtle airvest 


off road riding gear
bmw s1000rr 2023





copyright 
                            © sbc international 2024. all rights 
                            reserved. users may download and print extracts 
                            of content from this website for their own personal 
                            and non-commercial use only. republication or 
                            redistribution of content, including by framing 
                            or similar means, is expressly prohibited without 
                            the prior written consent of sbc international
                         
honda, 
                            kawasaki, suzuki, yamaha, aprilia, ducati, harley, 
                            triumph, norton, mv agusta, speed triple, desmo, 
                            motogp, sbk, superbike, motocross, rocket three, 
                            fat boy, dyna, gpz, fireblade, r1, ninja, gixxer, 
                            gsx-r, hayabusa, 916, 999, hodgson, rossi, byrne, 
                            stalker, bmw, zundapp, sachs, sheene, surtees, buell, 
                            zx-10, steve norris, abd, wheelie, stoppie, kneedown, 
                            slider, nurburgring, nuerburgring, 
                            brands hatch, cadwell park, oulton park, snetterton, 
                            rockingham, 
                            thruxton, viper bike, ktm, ccm, husqvarna, husaberg, 
                            gas-gas, garelli, gilera, peugeot, piaggio, vespa, 
                            norton, vincent, norvin, triton, rd, motorcyclist, 
                            harley davidson, sportster, buell, tzr, cbr, yzf-r, 
                            ow-01, vfr, dave jeffries, nick turner, rhino dyno, 
                            yoshimura, akrapovich, lazer, belstaff arai, shoei, 
                            agv, dainese, alpinestars, sidi, 
 











