











mg217 - pharmacal health and wellness solutions




















































 























eczema

eczema cream


psoriasis

moisturizing cream
shampoo + conditioner
deep conditioning hair & scalp treatment
coal tar ointment
coal tar shampoo
coal tar gel
dead sea bar soaps

salt & mud
heal & condition
smooth & soothe
repair & protect




dandruff

shampoo + conditioner
coal tar shampoo


first aid

burn spray
drawing salve


more

about eczema

eczema types
eczema faqs
eczema triggers
eczema statistics


about psoriasis

psoriasis types
psoriasis faqs
psoriasis triggers
psoriasis statistics




contact us



















 





















help manage psoriasismg217 uses active ingredients like coal tar and salicylic acid to help manage the symptoms of psoriasis, dandruff and dermatitis.
learn more



mg217 eczema skin protectionfor healthy looking skin and long-lasting relief from eczema or dermatitis.
learn more














formulated with colloidal oatmeal, mg217 eczema products soothe the skin and offer long-lasting relief from the full spectrum of eczema symptoms



learn more






recognized by the national psoriasis foundation, mg217 uses doctor recommended active ingredients iike coal tar and salicylic acid



learn more






mg217 dandruff product line uses doctor recommended ingredients to soothe, repair, and protect your scalp.



learn more






mg217 offers simple first aid products to help manage minor burn, cuts and scrapes, and drawing irritation from the skin.



learn more








more choices. more control.
be comfortable in your own skin
whether it’s psoriasis or eczema relief, mg217 has products that treat, soothe and care for your skin. formulated with ingredients that have been rigorously evaluated, ensuring the lowest possible irritation with the highest possible comfort.




















browse our library to learn more about living with scalp psoriasis, understanding active ingredients, or diving into the complex science of biomimicry.



search for:









top viewed articles
h salicylic acid or coal tar in a gel, lotion, cream or ointment?
h a closer look at coal tar and salicylic acid
h how to cope with scalp psoriasis
h 5 tips to find for the best coal tar shampoo for your scalp psoriasis
h foods that help and hurt psoriasis & eczema
h  coal tar and california proposition 65




 










follow

















quick links
  about us
  purpose and values
  contract manufacturing
  careers
  contact us








our family of brands


























     








© 2025 pharmacal all rights reserved



followfollowfollow



privacy & terms of use



 





























