










home - precision optical imaging - your reticle, target and custom optics expert.
























a leading manufacturer of reticles, test targets and custom optics!


























home
products
request info
partners
contact






catalog
custom optics
 -- notes section --
usaf 1951 eng. notes
mtf testing notes
eng/metric line pairs











from our rochester, new york headquarters

precision optical imaging's skilled employees will produce your custom designs to your exact requirements. p.o.i. will design, as well as manufacture your most sophisticated lithographic needs.


















see our partners page for help from our friends in the optical manufacturing community. 



feel free to contact us by clicking the contact page. one of our skilled staff members will contact you to review your options, and provide you with the best solution for your needs. 




beyond the science, our goal is to not only satisfy our customers needs, but to exceed their expectations. 








specifically, we are committed to:
          

 
?viding clear and complete communications with our customers is of the utmost importance to us. p.o.i. is a team of knowledgeable, caring and committed imaging professionals dedicated to providing the highest quality service for our customers.


 
?id manufacturing practices. p.o.i. maintains the highest standards by way of process and design control and training of our employees. 
 

? pursuit of opportunities to increase our existing knowledge base and skills to develop new techniques and products. 
 


p.o.i. is here to provide solid solutions for all your imaging needs. we will help you meet the most precise optical requirements for both custom lithographic solutions and standards for testing. one part, or thousands, p.o.i. will be there to assist.

thank you, 
allen bolognesi, president



learning the plays from a different point of view, but it definitely coming along well, i think, clemmings said. some things to improve on, little by little. sitting out practice were linebacker kentrell brothers (hamstring) and roberson (undisclosed). defensive end ifeadi odenigbo (sprained ankle) returned after being hurt saturday and sitting out sunday.

that's why it's important to develop a stretching routine that targets cheap china jerseys the muscles you use the most probably the ones in your legs and butt. after your cool down, devote about five minutes to static stretching, cheap china jerseys making sure to hold each stretch for about 30 seconds.4 of 30skip the high cal, butt widening, sugar spiked baked goods and sip this hydrating, nutrient packed juice from eric helms, founder and owner of juice generation, when you want a sweet cheap jerseys snack that sneaks in servings of produce to boot: in a juicer, combine 2 to 3 carrots (greens removed), 1 seeded cheap nhl jerseys apple, 1/2 small beet, and 1/4 peeled lemon. 

blake bortles, jac, at baltimore: bortles continues to have his struggles with turnovers, including seven in his last three starts, but heavy volume and a run of six multi touchdown efforts in his cheap oakley sunglasses last seven games have kept him in the starting conversation in fantasy. the jaguars are just good enough to make bortles dangerous but just bad cheap jerseys china enough to require at least 29 pass attempts in all eight of his starts. that recipe makes for a strong pairing with a ravens defense that has cheap jerseys struggled immensely to defend the pass, allowing at least two touchdown passes in six of seven games going into their week 9 bye. it's hard to see baltimore fixing its many issues over one off week, making bortles a good candidate to extend his own high scoring streak and the ravens' season long run of misery.

asked why he was responding to questions on the topic after previously declining to comment, gase said, i thought it was time for us to address it. several meetings over two days before a monday night game in arizona two weeks ago, the cowboys and jones kneeled arm in arm before the anthem. all of them stood during the anthem, with arms still locked. otherwise, the cowboys have stood on the sideline.

"the only thing that i can tell you about repercussions is that to the extent that there was a violation on either side and i'm not saying that there was to the extent that there was a violation on either side, we are 100 percent comfortable that it is not an ongoing issue that if it happened, it is no longer happening," he said.

  


 		

as a manufacturer of custom reticles / masks and images for the optical industry, you'll find our products to be the highest quality. 


our extensive catalog of standards for testing of optical system can be found under the standards section. 





our test charts and chrome lithograph resolution standards are competitively priced, and will meet all your testing requirements. 

as a manufacturer of oem components our staff will help bring your product to market under cost, and on time. 




home | products | request a quote | partners | contacts
copyright ?cision optical imaging 2009. designed by uhavetogo



























