



 



san diego home/garden lifestyles magazine - home design, gardening and lifestyle in the san diego ca area









 






























































































































 



 
mainhome
garden
lifestyle
 





san diego home/garden lifestyles










search




 




home
garden
lifestyle
 














subscribe
current issue
digital edition
newsletter
renewals















 





subscribe
give a gift subscription
two for one subscription
homes
design inspiration
room ideas
tricks of the trade
expert advice
gardens
garden guide
lifestyle
neighborhood guides
digital exclusives
entertaining
recipes
travel
parties
pets
magazine
blogs
share your spaces
events
contests
promotions
archive
follow






 









 













 









that's all we wrotesan diego home/garden lifestyles magazine today writes its final chapter in a 41-year-history 







 









that's all we wrotesan diego home/garden lifestyles magazine today writes its final chapter in a 41-year-history 









how to turn your bathroom into a self-care meccainfuse your loo with color and personality with these tips.  









holiday gift guide: garden gifts for everyoneour holiday gift guide for all the garden lovers in your life—whether they're beginners, master gardeners or even kids













home design



 









that's all we wrotesan diego home/garden lifestyles magazine today writes its final chapter in a 41-year-history 









this hillcrest townhouse renovation is anything but ordinaryinside the home of barry leblanc and michael mcgee, you'll find vibrant artwork, vintage cars and mischievous dachshunds. 









how to pick a cohesive whole-home palette7 expert tips for selecting colors that work together. 









how to turn your bathroom into a self-care meccainfuse your loo with color and personality with these tips.  









this santa luz tuscan-style home offers midcentury surprisesfrom a sleek lap pool to a japanese cat figurines collection, the interior aesthetic leaves traditional exterior behind. 









baths of the year 2020: this and thatthe organic and natural nestle next to industrial chic in this year's winner  












garden



 









7 tips to jump-start your spring gardenconsider this your march garden checklist.  









garden guide: edible plants provide food and beautylearn exactly how to care for these double-duty garden staples.  









meet the 2019 gardens of the year readers’ choice winnerdesigner bryn young transforms the curb appeal and usable space of her childhood home 









garden recipe: early-to mid-winter dippity doif you’ve made a resolution in january to eat right, then this healthy cilantro dip makes a lovely non-guilt treat  









10 things to do in the garden in decemberour garden maintenance and planting calendar for the region, plus where to find inspiration 









holiday gift guide: plant picksinspired by maggie boyd of landmark plant co., get our plant lover gift guide for all the green thumbs and plant parents on your list 







lifestyle



 









farm greens salad with shaved fennel, parmesan and melted-leek vinaigretteukg executive chef tim kolanko shares yummy salad for your next bbq. 









looking back: the passing of the fire horsesome of the san diego fire department's horses found homes and other were honorably retire to city-owned land.  









6 ways to support small businesses right nowyou don’t have to leave your home to make a difference 









strawberry almond crostata, star anise honey and agrodolce cremaurban kitchen group executive chef tim kolanko shares this spring dessert. 









19 projects, ideas and tips to try when you’re spending more time at homekeeping your home and your well-being healthy 









everything you need to know about making rainbow saladbring on that healthy spring glow with these colorful, crunchy veggies. 














food & drink
 









farm greens salad with shaved fennel, parmesan and melted-leek vinaigretteukg executive chef tim kolanko shares yummy salad for your next bbq. 









6 ways to support small businesses right nowyou don’t have to leave your home to make a difference 









strawberry almond crostata, star anise honey and agrodolce cremaurban kitchen group executive chef tim kolanko shares this spring dessert. 









everything you need to know about making rainbow saladbring on that healthy spring glow with these colorful, crunchy veggies. 









whole-animal cooking: 6 ways to make sure nothing goes to wastesome tricks of the trade for preparing meat the sustainable way. 







 









faces of san diego 2018[special advertising section] meet the people behind the businesses that bring you the best in the field!














top stories
that's all we wrotehow to turn your bathroom into a self-care meccaholiday gift guide: garden gifts for everyone19 projects, ideas and tips to try when you’re spending more time at homeeverything you need to know about making rainbow salad











subscribe to our weekly newsletter






































subscribe
advertise
contact us
special offers
 

about us
give a gift
subscribe
two for one



 
© 2025 san diego home/garden lifestyles.






 





































close
share
toggle fullscreen
zoom in/out










 previous
 next
















 

