





















precision-imaged optical photonic components, calibration standards







































































 
























 










(585) 482 - 0300 



products

test targets and charts
robotic & machine vision standards
image analysis & stage micrometers
sine (sinusoidal) targets & arrays
ronchi gratings
gray scales & step tablets
reticles, optical slits, optical apertures
barcode conformance calibration standards
software
calibration services
accessories


custom solutions

custom optical components and standards
test targets and charts
photomasks
barcodes


applications
reference info
about

careers
history
blog
news and press releases
case studies
certifications
measurement and calibration quick reference guide


customer accounts

create an account
my account


contact
 

0 items






select page


  
 



 



 














pushing the boundaries of...custom precision imaging calibration standards and services resolution test targets









image analysis testing standardstest targets & charts imaging quality standards
learn more










microscopy standardsimage analysis micrometers stage micrometers calibration slides 
learn more









bar code calibration standards 1d & 2d symbologies
learn more









robotic & machine vision standardsrobotic & machine vision standards custom optical components and standards










where your image matters
our customers come first in everything we do. we stay laser-focused on understanding their needs and exceeding their expectations. our relentless commitment to excellence in customer service and solutions helps fuel our customers’ success.
our goal
to be a trusted global partner to customers in any industry requiring standard or customized optical components and calibration standards.

about us







precision imaged optical components & calibration standards





applied image inc.is a global supplier of precision imaged optical components and calibration standards for a wide range of industries and applications. whether you require nist traceable calibration standards, precision-imaged optical components to test, calibrate, align, control, or measure your optics, photonics, or imaging systems, or need oem components to work within your product design, we can support your unique requirements.
we collaborate with executives, product managers, and engineers to support the design, evaluation, and calibration of photonics-based systems for improving product performance, first-time quality, and compliance. our facility is iso 9001:2015 certified, and our calibration lab is iso 17025:2017 accredited, ensuring high quality, accurate, and consistent performance in everything we do. while our standard products showcase our capabilities, our sales engineers work closely with our customers to design solutions that support their innovation, system design, and performance evaluation needs.







our products








test targets and charts



learn more






robotic & machine vision standards



learn more






barcode standards



learn more






image analysis & stage micrometers



learn more







flexible solutions for photonics-based systems





first-time quality is essential for most industries.

telecom, automotive, medical, defense, aerospace, machine vision, and manufacturing included. our precision-imaged optical components, test targets & charts, calibration standards, and photomasks support a limitless range of applications.
 
  
applied image is a world leader in providing the objective standards industries need to ensure their system’s quality.
off-the-shelf, modified-off-the-shelf, and custom components are part of the flexible solutions our experienced sales team offers customers to drive designs that best align with their goals while reducing problems down the road. from ideation and rapid prototyping and testing to implementation, we have the equipment, capacity, supplier connections, facilities, and logistical capabilities to deliver to your specifications, budgets, and timelines.


learn more











news






congressman joe morelle visits applied image, inc. to highlight local innovation and manufacturing excellence

oct 31, 2024rochester, ny — october 31, 2024 — applied image, inc., a leading rochester-based manufacturer of precision-imaged optical components and calibration standards, was honored to host congressman joe morelle at its headquarters on october 25. the visit allowed the...
read more



partnerships that work: quality custom targets within your timeline and budget

aug 3, 2024the w. m. keck observatory, home to some of the world’s most powerful telescopes, aims to overcome unique technical challenges due to its location, setting a standard for astronomical observatories of its caliber.
read more



partnerships that work: custom precision test targets meet defense quality benchmarks

may 10, 2024background mes s.p.a. has unsurpassed experience in mechanics, electronics, optronics, and servomechanisms. through acquiring new technologies and developing innovative projects, the company has established itself as the foremost supplier of high-quality, complex...
read more











events








bios expo jan. 25 - jan. 26, 2025
table 8663
contact us (585) 482-0300  info@appliedimage.com








 photonics west jan. 28 - jan. 30, 2025
booth 226 
contact us (585) 482-0300 info@appliedimage.com








 electronic imaging 
feb. 02 – feb. 06, 2025
contact us (585) 482-0300 info@appliedimage.com









customer reviews













“our company has been selling and using calibration and test cards from applied image for more than a decade. we’re impressed by the high-quality of the products and the excellent service of the entire organization. i’ve been especially pleased to see how much my customers appreciate the 2-d test and calibration cards. the 0.2 mm cell size for some codes was unique and has become an important part of how we check the performance of the camera systems in higher resolution applications.


michael laufen,
owner, aiident laufen














“product was received in good condition and packaging.”


customer survey response














working with dawn and darren was easy. they are wonderful!


customer survey response














applied image met my need for a custom product for which i searched many months. not only was it perfect for the need,  their expertise and understanding of standards provided the necessary traceability to allow our customers to recognize its value in keeping our product consistent and accurate.


customer survey response














all my parts are semi-custom and applied image always comes in matching my print.


customer survey response














applied image has a quick response time and they provided solutions to meet my client’s requirements.


customer survey response














great communication, and super-fast responses!


customer survey response














everyone at applied image was always focused on our needs, even when they had to innovate to meet our needs. it would be impossible to ask for more.


customer survey response














“you have great sales folks.”


customer survey response












 







contact info applied image inc.
1653 east main st.
rochester, ny 14609
phone: (585) 482-0300

site informationterms and conditions
privacy policy
return policy
shipping policy
careers
corporate memberships 



 






facebook




twitter




linkedin




youtube


©2025 applied image, inc. all rights reserved  

 
 
 







by continuing to browse our website, you’re agreeing to the use of cookies.
please review our privacy policy and terms of use for more details.






			x			



 













































