



cellnet | home




























 








+61 1300 235 563



australia
new zealand








about

meet our team
news


what we do

our brands
our partners
connect
category management
3sixt gear
wave audio
powerguard


join connect
contact
 







enjoy the benefits of selling our world famous brands by joining connect.*
connect is cellnet’s retailer portal that allows members to order product from our brand partners. it’s fast, efficient and keeps you up-to-date on all the latest news and product info.

* terms and conditions apply.

















over thirty years of experience across australia, new zealand and germany, our innovative and passionate approach makes us the most exciting and engaging company to partner with.



300
employees worldwide


100
brands


3k
skus


5k+
partners












cellnet enhances executive team and sharpens focus on australia

ceo appointment: 
marek jaworski, previously the regional senior director apac...
read







wentronic holding to acquire all shares in cellnet group


asx announces signing of agreement:





important strategic step for...
read







cellnet signs multiple new exclusive agreements
17 november 2022

cellnet signs multiple new exclusive agreements, enters new...
read







cellnet brings logistics in-house
cellnet brings logistics in-house, opens new distribution centre in melbourne...
read







introducing cellnet connect
our new wholesaler portal is now live
...
read







introducing impact zero by 3sixt
3sixt, part of the cellnet group, announced the launch of a new brand, impact...
read









our product offering



product offering
cellnet has a comprehensive suite of products, brands, and services. from category management, bolstered by customised training programs, efficient merchandising, and risk-free inventory solutions, to direct sourcing through our hong kong and china based teams. if we don’t have what you are looking for, we can find it. 



audio
acknowledging the surging demand for audio products, we have carefully curated a range of products under the brand wave audio. products in the range include speakers and headphones. price points and features have been carefully curated to deliver exceptional performance for the consumer, while delivering a full offering for our partners. notably, a large number of online tech searches are related to audio products. 



gaming
riding the wave of australia’s fastest-growing entertainment industry, cellnet (through the acquisition of turn left distribution in 2018) excels in distributing award-winning games and accessories, leveraging expertise in category management to meet the demands of gaming enthusiasts.   



power & connectivity
cellnet's extensive range of chargers, portable power solutions, surge protection devices, and cables, ensures seamless connectivity and power management for both devices and audio equipment. additionally, cellnet provides an industry-leading warranty for connected equipment through its exclusive powerguard surge protection brand. 



ecommerce
equipped with cutting-edge tools and strategic partnerships, cellnet empowers businesses to seamlessly expand their product range online through bespoke ecommerce websites, facilitating a smooth transition into the digital marketplace and customer service platform. we represent many of our brand in the region from an online perspective. 















our company
cellnet group limited is part of the wentronic group. we specialise in sourcing, distributing, and representing top brands of lifestyle technology products such as mobile accessories and gaming products across retail, business, and online channels.



our brands
cellnet offers a range of in-house and partner brands, delivering products from top manufacturers worldwide. leveraging our expertise, we equip you to meet customer demands effectively. our product team actively seeks new offerings to enhance and expand your business.



our partners
our partners are at the very core of our business. cellnet partners span a diverse range of industries including retail, online marketplaces, educational institutions, telecommunications, govermment, and electronic repair services. we work with our partners to help their businesses grow, no matter the industry. 




























































































































































































































































































































call 
							
															
																			
											+61 1300 235 563




terms of use and privacy policy




quick links
about
what we do
connect
contact
 

 
our brands
our partners
 

news


											cellnet enhances executive team and sharpens focus on australia											04 jul 2024




											wentronic holding to acquire all shares in cellnet group											16 oct 2023




											cellnet signs multiple new exclusive agreements											28 nov 2022




cellnet group limted © all rights reserved 2025

















 

