





rho theta chapter of alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc.














































  



 





rho theta chapter of alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc.




search for:






 






 





home
the sorority

sorority history
national programs
chapter programs


the chapter

chapter history

chapter lines


current officers and members


membership
events
gallery
contact
 

















 



 



 















greetings and welcome on the behalf of sisters of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated, rho theta chapter.
i am rashida holder, the current president of the rho theta chapter and it is a pleasure, welcoming you to our ravishing website.
the rho theta chapter was chartered on december 4, 1994 on the new york city campus of pace university. this year, in 2019, we will mark our 25th year of service to all mankind on and off-campus, resulting in our sorority’s silver star status.
the members of our chapter continues to host impactful events such as feel pretty day, akanomics, akademics, tea parties, which are followed by community service activities and tablings that are based on alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated’s 2018-2022 program themes corresponding to “exemplifying excellence through sustainable service” implemented by our current international president, glenda baskin glover.
as we continue to serve, we invite you to return to our website and visit our social media outlets for ways to get involved in our upcoming programs and events.
warm regards,
rashida holder,
president – rho theta chapter
alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated








upcoming events



			there are no upcoming events.
		


					view calendar
					



 










© 2019 rho theta chapter of alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc.
alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc. is not responsible for the design nor content of this social media site. they are the sole property and responsibility of the rho theta chapter who hosts and maintains this site.

site last modified: january 23, 2019 - 12:01 pm  |   privacy policy   |  disclaimer  |  sitemap
alpha kappa alpha international website  |  alpha kappa alpha north atlantic region website
back to top




















