








home | connecticut sea grant
























































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z
















connecticut sea grant 


search this sitesearch in https://seagrant.uconn.edu/>search 












 toggle navigation    
connecticut sea grant


homeabout

overview contact us staff senior advisory board

what we do

aquaculture & fisheries

aquaculture & fisheries seaweed cultivation

 environmental literacy and resources for educators

environmental literacy and resources for educators long island sound schools network ocean literacy, un ocean decade and ocean literacy research

 healthy coastal ecosystems

contaminants of emerging concern project healthy coastal ecosystems marine debris in long island sound

 offshore wind development impacting connecticut resilient communities

climate change and adaptation in connecticut mycoast connecticut programs for sustainable and resilient communities sea grant resilience toolkit

 other areas

invasive species marine spatial planning



funding

overview opportunities

development project and conference support fellowships and scholarships grants

 policies for proposals join the listservs

research

current funded research previously funded research

newspublications

overview ct sea grant annual reports publication themes

aquaculture climate change coastal habitats education fisheries long island sound publications

 wrack lines wrack lines archive

donate


search this sitesearch in https://seagrant.uconn.edu/>search 
























 new storymap explores lis watershed’s land, people

february 6, 2025



“connections to long island sound: exploring the land and people in the long island sound watershed,” is a storymap created by uconn clear in partnership with the long island sound study.
[read more]





 coastal perspectives lecture series starts feb. 11

january 27, 2025



the 29th season of the annual coastal perspectives lecture series starts feb. 11 and continues every other tuesday evening through april 22, at 7:30 p.m. at the avery point campus of uconn. all are open to the community in-person and online.
[read more]





 lis resilience planning support grants available

january 17, 2025



the long island sound (lis) resilience planning support program is now open! deadline to apply is february 7, 2025. up to $1 million will be available. to learn more, see the request for expressions of interest.
[read more]





 report explores state and economic contribution of ct aquaculture

january 3, 2025



“the state and economic contribution of connecticut’s aquaculture sector,” has been published by ct sea grant. the document details the current status and trends from 2016 to 2013 in shellfish, finfish and seaweed aquaculture as well as hydroponic, aquaponic and marine ornamental production.
[read more]





 ctsg arts program awardees release album of compositions

january 3, 2025



“harmony of nature ii: waves,” an album of original compositions by our 2023 arts support award collaborators molly james, hea youn “sophy” chung and max lu, is now available on streaming platforms including apple music and spotify.
[read more]





 major research investment focuses on key aspects of lis ecosystem

december 11, 2024



in the largest long island sound research award in the history of the collaboration between ctsg, nysg and the long island sound study, 13 projects have been selected that will improve understanding of factors impacting several fish species, shellfish, water quality and restoration of salt marshes.
[read more]





 fact sheet explains issue of pfas in new england shellfish

december 6, 2024



a new fact sheet created by the connecticut, rhode island and woods hole oceanographic institute sea grant programs explores the issue of so-called “forever chemicals” in new england shellfish. 
[read more]





 15 lis communities receive resilience planning support funding

december 6, 2024



thanks to a new bi-state program, 15 coastal communities in the long island sound region have been awarded nearly $1.1 million in planning support to advance climate resilience-focused projects.
[read more]





 story of ctsg 2024 told in numbers, photos, summaries

december 3, 2024



the new connecticut sea grant annual report for showcases our activities and accomplishments for fiscal year 2024 with numbers, photos, quotes and summaries.
[read more]





connecticut sea grant arts support awards program

november 4, 2024



connecticut sea grant, through its competitive funding program the arts support awards program, will award up to $1000 to an artist or group of artists. the winning submission will be selected on the basis of aesthetic quality, relevance to coastal and marine environments and connecticut sea grant themes, as well as its potential reach and impact on non-traditional “audiences.” application deadline: may 16, 2025
[read more]






connecticut sea grant strives to create a culture where all people feel enabled, empowered, accepted, valued and safe.
focus areas
coastal ecosystemsenvironmental literacyresilient communitiesaquaculture & fisheries
upcoming events 

feb
19
 aquaculture for everyone: empowering students with disabilities to thrive 12:00pm






×


 aquaculture for everyone: empowering students with disabilities to thrive 




                                                        wednesday, february 19th, 2025                                                    

                                                        12:00 pm - 02:00 pm                                                    





 



 hosted by the connecticut aquaculture educators networkworkshop description:  join us for a 2-hour online workshop designed to help aquaculture educators, extension professionals, high school teachers, and counselors create more opportunities for students with disabilities. learn practical strategies to foster a welcoming learning environment and empower students of all abilities to succeed in the aquaculture education field and workforce.   this workshop will help you:create accessible and welcoming learning spaces.  discover resources and support systems to help students thrive.  understand the unique needs and strengths of students with disabilities in aquaculture.  hear inspiring stories from aquaculture professionals and students with disabilities.  don’t miss this chance to make aquaculture education and careers more accessible for everyone! 


contact information:  register at: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlseoar9dd4z0w5cudtvsfx3ig4amidlubhen7pzkjyciomflkq/viewform 

more








mar
5
 milford boys and girls club visit 9:30am






×


 milford boys and girls club visit 




                                                        wednesday, march 5th, 2025                                                    

                                                        09:30 am - 02:30 pm                                                    


                                                         uconn avery point, bluff point state park                                                     






   ct sea grant and the ct nerr host the milford boys and girls club in various activities on campus and at bluff point state park. 


contact information:   

more








apr
10
 webinar: “piloting the mycoast tool in new london, groton & stonington 1:00pm






×


 webinar: “piloting the mycoast tool in new london, groton & stonington 




                                                        thursday, april 10th, 2025                                                    

                                                        01:00 pm - 02:30 pm                                                    





 



   this virtual gathering will include a description of the new mycoast project recently funded through the long island sound futures fund (lisff) and focusing on the coastal communities of stonington, groton, and new london.  the project team will describe the goals, timeline and upcoming engagement activities. invited speakers will describe the use of mycoast to gather data, improve planning for local flood events, and increase public awareness about coastal flooding. the mycoast tool and platform will also be described in addition to an example of one local community’s plan to use the tool. 


contact information:  sarah schechter: sarah.schechter@uconn.edu 

more






all events » ctsg fact sheet
ctsg fy2020 fact sheet
our partners

(more about long island sound study)
(more about thames river heritage park)
(more about thames river basin partnership)
 


 








connecticut sea grant, located at the uconn avery point campus, is a state and federal partnership through the uconn and the national oceanic and atmospheric administration's national sea grant college program.

connecticut sea grant college program
university of connecticut - avery point,  lowell p. weicker jr. building
1080 shennecossett road,  groton, connecticut 06340
phone: 860-405-9128   fax: 860-405-9109  email: seagrant@uconn.edu plug-in requirementssome content on this website may require the use of a plug-in, such as adobe acrobat viewer or microsoft word. if a different plug-in is required, it will be noted.
 facebookrsstwitteryoutube  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

a-z index









































