




















welcome to physics & astronomy | physics and astronomy | university of waterloo






















skip to main content
















                      jump to
                    





                              jump to
                          





                      admissions
                    





                      about waterloo
                    





                      faculties & academics
                    





                      offices & services
                    





                      support waterloo
                    












open search location 
search for 



search location
on all siteson this site


























physics and astronomy





menu














physics and astronomy home







                     about physics and astronomy
                    





                              about physics and astronomy
                          





                     our mission and vision
                    





                     employment opportunities
                    





                     physics tutorial centre
                    





                     operating hours and schedule
                    





                     volunteer & co-op information
                    





                     impact & testimonials
                    







                     equity, diversity & inclusion
                    





                     about the committee
                    









                     our people
                    





                     degrees and programs
                    





                     research
                    





                              research
                          





                     astrophysics & gravitation
                    





                     photonics and atomic, molecular & optical physics
                    





                     quantum computing & information
                    





                     quantum matter
                    





                     soft matter
                    







                     community outreach
                    





                     news
                    





                     events
                    





                              events
                          





                     phys 10 seminars
                    















                     undergraduate students
                    





                              undergraduate students
                          





                     programs
                    





                     co-op information
                    





                     scholarships
                    





                     academic advisors
                    





                     undergraduate award winners
                    





                     physics 437 research projects
                    





                     undergraduate student research awards
                    





                     get involved
                    





                     about to graduate
                    





                     degree checklists
                    







                     graduate students
                    





                              graduate students
                          





                     msc programs
                    





                     phd programs
                    





                     funding and tuition
                    





                     how to apply
                    





                     student information
                    





                     program milestones
                    





                     ta information
                    







                     course information
                    





                     forms
                    





                     contact us
                    







                     alumni and friends
                    















±



welcome to physics & astronomy






































                    milky way black hole's magnetic field mapped for first time
                   


            theories on how black holes like the one at the centre of our galaxy, the milky way, were proven right by dr. avery broderick and a team of researchers
          


























                    canada's quantum future
                   


            dr. raymond laflamme will lead the advisory council for canada's national quantum strategy.
          


























                    research breakthrough means warp speed ‘unruh effect’ can finally be tested in lab settings
                   


            discovery advances understanding of theory of relativity and quantum
          


























                    a new look at the universe and galaxy formation
                   


            professor brian mcnamara will use the james webb space telescope to study how the most massive galaxies form
          


























                    finding our galactic centre
                   


            a new image from avery broderick and the event horizon telescope shows the black hole at the centre of the milky way
          








play banner slideshow


play





pause banner slideshow


pause
























i am pleased to inform you that waterloo’s department of physics and astronomy is ranked number one in canada and number 38 in the world by the 2024 shanghai ranking’s global ranking of academic subjects. this continues our department’s steep upward trajectory in the world rankings over the past decade and places us among the elite departments in the world.  this honour is a tribute to hard work by world-class faculty, staff, and students performing research and teaching of the highest order, all enabled by a sharp, dedicated, and efficient administrative staff.
rank of physics & astronomy in undergraduate enrolment (2019-2020) in north america: 4
top four ranking institutions in undergraduate physics & astronomy enrolment in north america: u. washington (208), illinois urbana-champaign (146), california, berkeley (145), u. waterloo (140)
rank of physics & astronomy in graduate enrolment (2020) in north america: 5
top five ranking institutions in north america in graduate physics enrolment: illinois urbana-champaign (324), colorado, boulder (309), california, berkeley (274), mit (262), waterloo (255)
number of international physics undergraduates at waterloo in 2021-2022: 207
number of incoming undergraduate women physics majors at waterloo in 2022: 60

waterloo is an exciting and welcoming place to learn and do research in physics and astrophysics.  evidently that view is widely shared.  if you are considering us, visit and give us a look.  let us convince you to come to waterloo.
rob hill
chair, physics & astronomy







































send a message to the 
office of donna strickland



































take a tour of the
observatory








take the
sir isaac newton exam








support our students
donate to tutorial centre








donate now
destination physics








book
teaching equipment








read our
alumni newsletter










news

 news










      
                      
  tuesday, october 29, 2024







      
      
      
              



        
        local high school student receives the highest score in the world on sin exam

              



zander li receives the highest score in the world on the sin exam




current students,     

current undergraduate students,     

current graduate students,     

faculty,     

staff,     

alumni 







      
                      
  thursday, october 10, 2024







      
      
      
              



        
        dr. rajibul islam named an aps fellow

              



dr. rajibul islam named an aps fellow




current students,     

current undergraduate students,     

current graduate students,     

faculty,     

staff,     

alumni 







      
                      
  thursday, august 8, 2024







      
      
      
              



        
        congratulations everett patterson on receiving the boris p. stoicheff memorial scholarship

              



everett patterson has been awarded the 2024 boris p. stoicheff memorial graduate scholarship.




current students,     

current undergraduate students,     

current graduate students,     

faculty,     

staff,     

alumni 






































x (formerly twitter)




                      x (formerly twitter)
          






facebook




              facebook
          











department of physics and astronomy
university of waterloo
200 university avenue west
waterloo, ontario, canada n2l 3g1
phone: (519) 888-4567 ext 32215








contact physics and astronomyemployment opportunitieslog into student portal








affiliations
institute for quantum computingperimeter institute for theoretical physicswaterloo centre for astrophysicswaterloo institute for nanotechnnology














university of waterloo

university of waterloo


43.471468
-80.544205






campus map






              campus map
          

200 university avenue west

waterloo,
      on,
      canada
n2l 3g1


+1 519 888 4567









                     contact waterloo
                    





                     accessibility
                    





                     news
                    





                     maps & directions
                    





                     privacy
                    





                     careers
                    





                     emergency notifications
                    





                     copyright
                    





                     feedback
                    







the university of waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the neutral, anishinaabeg, and haudenosaunee peoples. our main campus is situated on the haldimand tract, the land granted to the six nations that includes six miles on each side of the grand river. our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within the office of indigenous relations.










instagram




              instagram
          






x (formerly twitter)




                      x (formerly twitter)
          






linkedin




              linkedin
          






facebook




              facebook
          






youtube




              youtube
          





@uwaterloo social directory






on it check








            where there’s  a challenge,waterloo ison it.
          

learn how   → 



        ©2025 all rights reserved
      
















