







international protestant church of brussels – at ipc, people are our ministry








































































































facebookwelcome to the website of the international protestant church of brussels! 


home
discover

new to ipc?
our thoughts on faith
who’s who?
our journey so far


worship

music
giving


church life

sunday school
youth
pastor’s class & confirmation class
adult education
women of the church
prayer
fellowship
alumni


reaching out

our thoughts on reaching out
mission of the month


calendar

sunday servers


contact

contact
how to find us







menu


menu

 






welcome to the international protestant church of brusselsat ipc, every person is welcome, for we celebrate the fact that no-one is excluded from god’s love
ipc is a different kind of congregationwe celebrate our diversity; we are intentionally interdenominational and intentionally international.
we see our diversity as a strength, reflecting the wonderful spectrum of god’s creation in the world around us.
previousnext12

join us in our inclusive church. everyone is welcome.

the ipc brussels


what’s new at ipc

february 2025
please join us every sunday at 11:15 for worship.
save the date!
15 february:  women of the church, 10:30.
22 february:  men of the church meet for breakfast at fox, 9:30.
any questions?

email office


our life at ipc

welcome!
we have a full program of choir, worship, and fellowship every sunday, with special events held throughout the year. there are also a variety of educational and fellowship events every week. 
children’s sunday school is available as needed —  children and their teacher leave for sunday school immediately following the anthem.
women of the church meetings are held monthly on a saturday morning. watch the website or the weekend watch email for details!
men of the church meet twice a month on fridays for drinks and snacks, and meet one saturday a month for breakfast.
we celebrated our 100th anniversary in 2023. our congregation began with a series of meetings in 1922, ending in the laying of a cornerstone on november 9, 1923, at a church on the champs de mars in downtown brussels. we are excited to begin our second century!



mission of the month, february 2025

teacher training in madagascar’s church schools
a widely recognized key to a nation’s or region’s development is access to quality education. equipped with education, people become better parents, reducing infant mortality and disease, encouraging better school attendance, and being more able to provide a nurturing environment for their children.
research shows that educated people often have fewer children to care for, find more employment, and make more money. they are better able to diversify their wealth, use personal wealth in ways that benefit their children and family, and participate more effectively in civic engagement. in short, educated people enjoy an improved quality of life. other things can and do contribute to these outcomes, but education is believed to work towards these ends almost anywhere where it occurs or where its quality is improved.
in a pilot program in one of madagascar’s church-run schools, test scores improved from an average of 60% correct to more than 90% after the introduction of evidence-based methods of instruction, or ebmi, was begun at the request of the church of jesus christ in madagascar (fjkm). the ebmi program has expanded beyond the pilot program, and the fjkm needs funds to extend it to the church’s more than 700 primary and secondary schools. the program needs about 1,000 euros a month to pay for teacher educator coaches and staff. our gifts can help educate future generations and lift them out of poverty. thank you for your generosity!
please note our new bank account numbers!
how can we support the international protestant church of brussels?
please direct virement (transfer) deposits to the following accounts:
fortis: iban:  be28 0019 8876 3920 (pledges and congregational support)
fortis: iban:  be81 0019 8876 4324 (for missions giving)
read more at  https://ipcbrussels.org/mission-of-the-month/

   

how to give to ipc ipc is financed by donations and gifts from members and friends. we receive no mission support from any denominational group.
if you would like to support ipc financially, click on the link below:

visit our giving page

thank you for your support.


daily devotional interested in a daily devotional?
click the link below and you will go to the d365 site where you can read short devotionals encouraging us to pause, listen, think, pray, and go.
 
  
go to your daily devotional!  

sunday service times 11:15 a.m. – worship (communion: first sunday of the month)
12:15 p.m. – fellowship after worship

our location avenue des héros 40
1160 auderghem
belgium







© copyright  - international protestant church of brussels - enfold wordpress theme by kriesi
facebook






scroll to top
























































