




washington state narcotics investigators association – wsnia



























































		skip to content	











menu					 
close					 






trainingabout wsnia

legislative prioritiesnews & articlesour missionpresident’s messagememorialsphotosmajor supporters
resourcescontact 


support wsnia
commanders corner










2025 training summit & vendor show
april 6 - april 10, 2025
			coeur d' alene resort
attendee registration
vendor registration






standing for public safety in washington
welcome to the washington state narcotics investigators association (wsnia). we are a non-profit professional organization primarily dedicated to providing high quality training for washington’s narcotics investigators. our goal is to assure our state’s narcotics officers have the tools necessary to be highly effective investigators. our members work hard to make their communities safer and so wsnia was established to support them in that endeavor.
wsnia is committed to educating our political representatives on these issues to assure they have an accurate perspective. our state’s multi-jurisdictional drug task forces do a great job throughout the state. wsnia is committed to garnering state support for these task forces so they are no longer reliant on the federal government.






legislation & education
wsnia is committed to working with our political representatives on issues central to our mission of making local communities safer.
learn more




recent news & articles




 

snohomish regional drug task force seized $14 m worth of fentanyl, largest amount ever seized in snohomish county


lynnwood, wa 7/25/2020- authorities in snohomish county have seized 1,400 grams of fentanyl — worth at least $14 million — from the lynnwood home of two people who were arrested saturday. the cache of drugs, which also included heroin and methamphetamine, is the largest amount snagged by law enforcement in the county. snohomish regional drug… continue reading snohomish regional drug task force seized $14 m worth of fentanyl, largest amount ever seized in snohomish county


continue reading »






 

twelve arrested in takedown of north sound drug trafficking organization


department of justice u.s. attorney’s office western district of washington for immediate release wednesday, august 5, 2020 twelve arrested in takedown of north sound drug trafficking organization group trafficking counterfeit oxycodone pills tainted with deadly fentanyl (seattle)—twelve members of a drug trafficking group distributing fentanyl, heroin, methamphetamine, and cocaine throughout the puget sound region were… continue reading twelve arrested in takedown of north sound drug trafficking organization


continue reading »






 

eleven people indicted in drug trafficking conspiracy in pierce, king and snohomish counties


seattle – the u.s. attorney’s office announced wednesday that eleven people were indicted in a wide-ranging conspiracy for trafficking heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine in a multi-state area. according to the indictment by a federal grand jury, the conspirators distributed the drugs smuggled into the u.s. from mexico in pierce, king, and snohomish counties. two of the… continue reading eleven people indicted in drug trafficking conspiracy in pierce, king and snohomish counties


continue reading »





drugs, the arizona border, and washington... a closer look











training & events

2024 team entry training
2025 annual training summit



quick links

latest news
legislative work
president's message



contact us

10515 20th street se, suite 202
				lake stevens, wa 98258
509-423-6467











		©2025 wsnia 
		  |   website: northwest website development


 




















