

  



















hw-group.com










































































 


languages

en
cs
 







productsdevicessensorsaccessoriessoftwarecanceledsolutionssolutionscase studiessupportdownloadsapplication notesknowledge base articlessupported accessoriescontactcontactsdistributorssensdesk e-shopaboutmorenewspress releaseslogin 








the hw group company is a manufacturer of an rme (remote monitoring ecosystem). hw group thermometers are used for remote monitoring of data centers, vaccine freezers, technology rooms etc. it’s also used for energy consumption metering.
•    our products have a lifetime 5-15 years. reliable remote monitoring & alerting.
•    our customers are not buying just temperature probes.
•    our customers are buying assurance that everything is ok in their remote location
what we do is a reliable ecosystem for b2b customers with hundreds of devices and sensors in one project. the whole system is industrial-grade, secure, and proven. it starts with one temperature sensor & ends with voice-call alert, pdf report, and graphs.
hw group company is based in prague in the czech republic. our portfolio now consists of more than 300 different product items and we distribute them globally with a network of 50 distributors, our distribution network span europe, the middle east, and south & north america.
>> read more about our company
 




 











1 





2 





3 





4 





5 







  



  



  



  



  





 






  
 standalone monitoring 
 standalone monitoring products can be used independently (portal is not required). devices are sending emails, can be connected via snmp to nms (network monitoring system). standalone products are multi-purpose, device configuration is more complex and connecting the product to the portal is only one of the functions. using a central portal does not limit the sending of alarms from the devices and other standalone functions.
 all products in category ›  

  
 ip serial 
 many simple it devices offer only a serial interface for local data handling and capture. with ip serial converters, remote data capture and system control via ethernet, both lan and wan networks, can be easily implemented.
 all products in category ›  

  
 access 
 access control is an integral part of modern buildings and people's security. access systems offer various solutions for different types of office and industrial buildings, public institutions and schools.
 all products in category ›  


browse all devices › 
 


i am looking for a solution








- select -air quality / co2air quality / tvoctemperaturehumidity (relative)water detectionvoltagecurrentsmokemotionmixing ratiospecific enthalpyvibrationdew pointenergyflowhumidity (absolute)humidity (specific)illuminancepressureswitch




 


 


 selector of sensors fasten guide of devices, available for measurement of different technical and physical units. please select type of sensing, available accessories will be displayed.
  

sensors
solutions
devices
 





top solutions





temperature monitoring in healthcare
 temperature monitoring in refrigerators and storages where pharmaceuticals and temperature-sensitive items are kept
 
 more >  


energy consumption in residential buildings
 efficient optimization and monitoring of energy consumption with our hwg-pwr device.
 
 more >  


base transceiver station (bts) monitoring
 mobile infrastructure needs reliable monitoring and alerting of cooling, heating and building/site conditions.
 
 more >  


browse all solutions › 
 







news




 22. 1. 2025 
 1-wire uni sensors upgrade for perseus platform 
 explaining the difference between generations of 1-wire uni sensors.
  

 7. 1. 2025 
 join hw group in barcelona for integrated systems europe 
 hw group will be present at europe's largest av and integrated systems exhibition
  

 29. 11. 2024 
 hw group launches perseus energy 285 
 perseus energy 285 is a din rail lan and lte solution for remote energy monitoring and control applications with m-bus master.
  

 11. 11. 2024 
 product catalog 2025 is available 
 catalog 2025 is available - download to learn about our newest products.
  

 5. 11. 2024 
 hw group is coming to the data centre world paris 
 november 27-28 hw group attends dcw paris.
  

 23. 10. 2024 
 perseus units monitor greenhouse in hungary, cs05 
 with a focus on future-proofing its operations, a greenhouse in hungary was looking for a scalable solution based on the hwg perseus platform that could meet its immediate needs while offering room for expansion.
  

 


favorite products




 ste2 plus sms-gw 
 bundle of profi lan thermometer together with lte sms/call alerts gateway.
  

 ste2 plus 
 professional snmp thermometer for remote environment monitoring.
  

 perseus monitoring 155 
 top-of-the-line lan & lte solution for any remote monitoring scenario.
  

 perseus monitoring 150 
 top-of-the-line lan solution for any remote monitoring scenario.
  

 ste2 lite 
 remote location temperature monitoring with email alerts.
  

 sd 4-20ma 
 1x ai (analog input) for external 4-20ma / 0-20ma probes. lan and wifi connectivity, iot monitoring unit (portal required).
  

 wld2 
 wld2 is a wifi / ethernet water leak detector with support for www, snmp and poe. to detect leaking liquids, it uses 4 sensing cables
  

 nb-2x1wire 
 4 external rj11 sensors values to the portal (temperature, relative humidity, current, ...). internal battery, nb-iot cellular network connectivity, portal required.
  

 ares 12 lte 
 industrial measuring and monitoring for 14 sensors with gsm and lte communication and back-up power.
  

 sd-wld 
 1x water leak detection zone (sensing cable) to the portal. lan and wifi connectivity, iot monitoring unit (portal required).
  

 


hwg newsletter




subscribe to hw group newsletter  








ask hw group


name *



e-mail *



phone 



company 



country *
- select -afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaandorraangolaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbelarusbelgiumbelizebermudabhutanboliviabosnia and herzegovinabotswanabrazilbulgariacambodiacamerooncanadachadchilechinacolombiacongocosta ricacroatiacubacyprusczech republicdenmarkdominican republicecuadoregyptequatorial guineaestoniafaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench territoriesgeorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandguineahondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyjapanjordankazakhstankenyakorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlatvialebanonlybialiechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritiusmexicomoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromoroccomozambiquenamibianepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianorfolk islandnorwayomanpakistanpalestinian territorypanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasan marinosaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africaspainsri lankasudansurinameswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvenezuelaviet namyemen-- other--


message *











captchathis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.





leave this field blank 


 



















  
hw group s.r.o.   |   rumunská 26, 120 00 praha 2   |   telefon: 222 511 918   |   fax: 222 513 833
    
 



hw group © 2025
 









