


uncle ned's fish factory










uncle ned's fish factory




1590 main st (rte. 109), millis ma 02054, usa, (508)533-5969









home
about
prices

livestock
equipment


images a -l

anabantids
barbs & loaches
bony-tongued fish
brackish water 
catfish
cichlids, dwarf south american
cichlids, lg south american
cichlids, malwai
cichlids, tanganyikan
cichlids, victorian
killifish


images m-z

polypterus
pufferfish
saltwater fish
sea horses & pipefish
spiney eels
stingrays, fresh water
tetras


library

setting up a fish tank 
keeping betas
keeping tanganyikan cichlids
freshwater aquariums, outdoor ponds, marine aquariums 
poecilia endler
hints - new cichlid tanks
setting up a planted aquarium
preventing & curing malawi bloat 


forums
contacts
directions










 



normal store hours:


mon - wed : noon to 5 pm
thurs -sat: noon to 7 pm
sun: noon - 4 pm

holidays:
new year's day 
open noon - 4pm

 

email:   
unclenedsfishfactory@gmail.com -
email ned directly for availability,
special order requests etc. 
forums:  here if you have questions  
please call (508)533-5969 or
email   unclenedsfishfactory@gmail.com
 



uncle ned's fish factory








we will be open new year's day
from 12-4



best way to contact ned at uncle ned's fish factory:
phone : 508-533-5969  
i will usually pick up, if i can't pick up please call back, 
or call my cell 508-981-7730
uncle ned's fish factory
1590 main st
po box 541
millis ma 02054
(508)533-5969
unclenedsfishfactory@gmail.com
unclenedsfishfactory.com

welcome to uncle ned's fish factory!
visit our forums here to see incoming fish and specials
like us on facebook:  uncle ned on facebook 


mailing info: if you are sending us a regular us post office letter or package: 
uncle ned's fish factory, inc.
po box 541
millis ma 02054 
if you are sending us something fedex or ups: 
uncle ned's fish factory, inc.
1590 main st.
millis ma 02054
(508)533-5969 



- about us - 
uncle ned's fish factory is located in millis massachusetts and is one of the new england area's largest and most devoted tropical fish retailers. we have been dealing in rare and unusual tropical freshwater, and pond fish for over 15 years. owner ned bowers has been working with fish all his life and brings his passion for the aquarium hobby to the store in the form of our unique, diverse, and healthy selection of fish. to learn more about the store, to see our current livestock listings and equiptment specials, and to participate in active discussions please visit our forums. 
- our fish selection -
cichlids: 
ned got his start in the fish business by importing and selling african cichlids. these beginnings are still evident at uncle ned’s as we maintain one of the most diverse selections of african and south american cichlids in new england.
at the store you will regularly find:


east african imported wild and bred cichlids


west african imported wild cichlids


south american imported wild cichlids


and many captive bred rare cichlids coming from enthusiasts and breeders across the country. 


rare tropicals:
we do, of course, carry most of the common community fish, but we also use our connections in east and west africa, south and central america, and south east asia, to bring in as many rare and new species as possible. these include unusual members of the cichlids, tetras, barbs, catfish, eels, monster fish, and a multitude of other groups. some examples include rare new species of west african congo tetra, large rare polypterus, newly discovered south american tetras, and a large list of fancy plecos.
fish tags
new -- we have created simple fish info tags for use in the store to help you identify some of our fish species, and now you can download these. either click here or save the pdf displayed below:












koi and pond fish: 
we have been carrying koi and goldfish for years, but have recently stepped it up a notch and began importing direct from japan. every spring you will find a selection of true japanese koi at uncle ned’s. ned is able to hand pick monster koi for import as well as batches of smaller ogon, kohaku, sanke, showa, and a multitude of other breeds. we do also offer domestic koi, but have found the quality and health of our japanese imports unbeatable. 
plants: 
in the spring and summer we turn our parking lot into a small aquatic nursery with a large selection of hardy and tropical water lilies, marginals, and oxygenator plants. throughout the year we are stocked with a wide variety of indoor aquarium plants, including, among others, many species of aponogeton, anubias, and cryptocoryne. 
equipment:
uncle ned's offers a full line of aquarium and pond equipment. this includes specialty items such as lighting, drilled tanks, and pond liners as well as all the basics of aquarium maintenance. whatever we don't have in stock at the store we can order for you in under a week – don't be afraid to ask!  
tanks:    aqueon, marineland
stands and canopys:  
lighting:  full line of aqueon strip lights.  other fluorescent fixtures by special order.  led fixtures, in stock and by special order. easy to get your reef and planted aquarium lights here!  
filtration: hagen aquaclear filters always in stock, replacement cartridges always in stock.  cascade canister filters in stock and by special order.  all other brands either in stock or by special order.  also available are sumps and wet dry filtration systems.
other equipment: we carry or can order for you a large assortment of aquarium equipment - uv sterilizers, protein skimmers, heaters, water changing systems, ro units etc.  always in stock those items that we, as long time hobbyists and suppliers, feel are the most necessary and most reliable.  
pond equipment: pond liners, pond pumps, skimmer boxes, waterfall filters, canister filters, uv sterilizers, hosing, bulkheads, and more are all stocked and or available upon request.  savio, pondmaster, tetra, and laguna are just some of the brands we like to carry.
maintenance and installation:
professional maintenance and installation is available through "fish works" rebecca. 
they do custom tank installations & piping, full service aquatic maintenance. delivery services are available .
for more information contact rebecca (508) 881-8830




all product images and trademarks copyright of their respective owners. newly updated and enhanced by: ruthe & rich




 

