




        vernon coleman - international bestselling novelist and campaigning author














 you can buy books by vernon coleman as kindle books and paperbacks on the amazon website





note 
like all qualified medical doctors who have told the truth about covid-19, dr vernon coleman has been repeatedly lied about and libelled on the internet and in the mainstream media. in march 2020, after studying the covid death figures and comparing the death statistics in the uk to that of previous years, dr coleman said that the threat of covid-19 had been wildly exaggerated and that there was no pandemic. in that first video, he warned that the pandemic fraud (or hoax) would result in the deliberate, cold-blooded deaths of many old people (which it did), the introduction of mandatory vaccinations and the disappearance of cash (now a serious threat). as a result of his video, his wikipedia page was deliberately and dramatically changed by government employees and used to 'monster' him. all his lifetime achievements were removed. without any evidence or justification he was, among other things, labelled a 'conspiracy theorist' and said to be 'widely discredited'. google, which works with wikipedia, reproduced the lies in an attempt to discredit him, so that nobody would believe his warnings. biographies on www.vernoncoleman.com include references.


 click here to enter the website 
             





sunday times bestselling author vernon coleman has written over 100 books which have sold over two million copies in the uk alone. his uk publishers include: pan, penguin, corgi, arrow, star, mandarin, macmillan, century, thames and hudson, and sidgwick and jackson. his books have been translated into 25 languages and sell in over 50 countries. his novels include mrs caldicot's cabbage war (which has been turned into a film starring pauline collins, peter capaldi and john alderton), mrs caldicot's knickerbocker glory, the man who inherited a golf course, the village cricket tour, deadline, paris in my springtime and it's never too late? his books on cats include alice's diary, alice's adventures, cat fables, cat tales and we love cats. his medical bestsellers include bodypower, mindpower, food for thought, how to stop your doctor killing you, superbody and coleman's laws. the global bestseller bodypower was voted one of the top 100 books by british readers. his books on politics include england our england, living in a fascist country, gordon is a moron, the ofpis file, what happens next? oil apocalypse, and 2020. he has also written the 100 greatest englishmen and englishwomen and the bilbury series of books. he has also written a series of diaries which started with the diary of a disgruntled man. all are available as paperbooks and ebooks on amazon. 








many of vernon coleman's books have been in bestseller lists around the world. early top ten bestsellers included, bodypower (sunday times 3.4.83), (daily mail 18.3.83), (bookseller 16.4.83) and life without tranquilisers (sunday times 24.3.85). 

vernon coleman's books have been serialised in newspapers and magazines all over the world and many have been turned into television and radio series. he was the television doctor on british television and the first agony uncle on the bbc. 

dr coleman is a general practitioner principal and a former professor of holistic medical sciences at the international open university in sri lanka. he has an honorary dsc. he has given evidence to the house of commons and the house of lords in the uk.
there are many free-access articles on this website. 

     

vernon coleman can now be found on  brand new tube where you can watch his latest videos




"britain's
                leading health care campaigner" (the sun)


"dr
                vernon coleman is one of our most enlightened, trenchant
                and sensible dispensers
                 of medical advice." (the observer)


"sharpest mind in medical journalism." (daily star)


"his message is important." (the economist)


"king of the media docs." (the independent)


"perhaps
                the best known health writer in the world today" (the
                therapist)


"probably one of the most brilliant men alive." (irish times)


"the patient's champion." (birmingham post)


"britain's leading medical author." (the star)


"an articulate and prolific medical author." (sunday times)


"he writes lucidly and wittily." (good housekeeping)


"coleman is a very funny writer." (this england)


"marvellously succinct, refreshingly sensible." (the spectator)


"compulsive reading." (the guardian)


"the doctor who dares to speak his mind." (oxford mail)


"it's impossible not to be impressed." (western daily press)


"his advice is optimistic and enthusiastic." (british medical journal)


"he's the lone ranger, robin hood and the equalizer rolled into one." (glasgow evening times)


"vernon
                coleman writes brilliant books." (the good book
                guide)


"...no
                thinking person can ignore him. this is why he has been
                for over 20 years one of the world's leading advocates on
                human and animal rights in relation to health. long may it
                continue!" (the ecologist)


"the
                man is a national treasure" (what doctors don't tell
                you)


"the
                revered guru of medicine" (nursing times)


"superstar" (independent
                on sunday)


"rogue elephant" (sunday times)


"gentle, kind and caring" (western daily press)


"his trademark is that he doesn't mince his words. far funnier than the usual tone of soupy piety you get from his colleagues" (the guardian)


"i would much rather spend an evening in his company than be trapped for five minutes in a radio commentary box with mr geoffrey boycott" (peter tinniswood, punch)


"dr coleman is one of our most enlightened, trenchant and sensitive dispensers of medical advice" (the observer)

"what a brilliant, informative website this
                is!"
(k.i. by
                email)


"if
                i could write, my words would be just like yours. (your
                site is) the most interesting thing i have read in years.
                thank goodness for the internet. if it is only good for
                one thing, being to educate ourselves, then it is worth
                it" (s r-b by email)


"...you have
                a magnificently well designed site. the content is
                superb." (g.c. by email)


"it
                is not often that a site impresses me so much that an
                email of appreciation is in order, but your site is quite
                exceptionally good. jam packed with information, neatly
                tidied away, yet accessible with good signposts, well laid
                out, easy to navigate. in short, the sort of design that
                many would do well to inspect and copy." (d.t. by
                email)


"...yours
                is a superb body of work and you are a 'must read' author
                for anyone who cares about their health and that of their
                loved ones. i am bookmarking your site from now on!"
                (g.g. by email)


"what
                a truly wonderful site - and writing. i've been
                mesmerized." (k.l. by email)


"great
                site and fantastic information." (jenny by
                email)


"i
                find your website very enlightening." (e.s. by
                email)



                 copyright © vernon coleman 2025




