





open citation project - reference linking and citation analysis for open archives









 
  



.eprints.org sites at
southampton serving open archives




-- select a site --
eprints.org, filling eprint archives
gnu eprints, free archive software
eprints handbook
preserv, preservation eprint services
archives, institutional archives registry
opcit, citation analysis for open archives
citebase, citation-impact search
paracite, citation-seeking search
tardis, multidisciplinary archives

romeo, 'green' journal finder
self-archiving faq
american scientist e-print forum
about these sites












explore
open archives-metalist | evaluation | tools and resources






about
the project | news | people | papers and presentations
| research


 this page last updated





reference linking and citation analysis for open archives



developing products and services that support the open
archives initiative (oai). the project has completed its period of funding, but some services will continue: 

citebase citation-ranked search is a registered oai service provider, and now serves arxiv users. 
gnu eprints builds web archives that comply with the oai protocol. 
open access impact bibliography. why, overall, open access papers attract more citations (updated list of studies since 2004)

this site will be maintained and updated periodically with information on continuing and related work.



opcit noticeboard, latest...
09feb05 southampton hosts two open access meetings at the start of 2005, exploring uk and international perspectives

the 3rd international conference on implementing the berlin declaration on open access took place on february 28 - march 1, 2005, and the outcome was "(surprisingly)
good!"
the two southampton workshops on uk institutional oa repositories, held on 
january 25-26, 2005, were very well attended and appear to have been quite
successful. report

all opcit notices




the project was a collaboration from 1999-2002 between southampton university, cornell university and arxiv.org. to find out more about the project see our fast facts.




what opcit did


developed solutions for citation impact analysis and reference linking in
large-scale oai open-access archives, try citebase, "the crown jewel of the open citation project"

began to expore the critical relationship between usage and impact (i.e. citations) for free online papers, try the remarkable correlation generator (warning, this java process can be slow to download)

improved author and user interfaces for the archives, see gnu eprints

defined the operational semantics of documents (digital objects) to allow perfect linking, try reference linking api demonstration

built interfaces to other information environments, try locating cited papers with paracite

provided software tools for reference parsing, try paratools

performed user-based evaluation of an oai service, try the evaluation exercises

scientometric data mining: a revealing investigation of citation impact and usage patterns of large-scale open-access archives

surveyed users and non-users of eprint archives, see results and report

promoted author self-archiving, see papers and presentations, american scientist e-print forum


what you can do at this site

find out about opcit: the formal bits, facts, reports, deliverables, and future directions after opcit

discover the latest news, developments and key sites on open archives, open access, eprint archives, citation impact analysis and reference linking, see project and related news

contact people involved with the project, including principals, researchers, collaborators and funders


read published papers about the project's work, and find related papers by others in this field on eprints-related topics, oai, open archives, citation impact, reference linking and specific linking services

learn about opcit's extensive research and development activities. not all have resulted in ongoing products and services, but all have shaped the results of the project

follow the growth of open archives with the metalist of open access eprint archives





our sister site eprints.org offers a focal point for support services, community building, news and information on oai-based open-access institutional archives.











the opcit
project was funded by the
joint
nsf - jisc international digital libraries research programme. it was originally proposed as integrating and navigating eprint archives through citation-linking.





try
the linked archive


more information?
email:
steve hitchcock our project
manager


or
phone:
tel: +44 (0)23 8059 4479
fax: +44 (0)23 8059 2865
or post
to:
opcit project,
iam (intelligence, agents, multimedia) group,
department of electronics & computer science,
university of southampton,
highfield,
southampton
so17 1bj, uk











^top

explore
open archives | evaluation | tools and resources



<home

about
the project | news | people | papers and presentations
| research



the opcit project
this page 

produced and
maintained by the open citation project. contact
us




