


beach moorings motel on clearwater beach florida

















reservations from the u.s. and canada 
 1-800-442-8311 
local and international (727) 442-8300 
              fax (727) 442-9879

e-mail: info@beachmoorings.com   

beach
              moorings motel

              located on clearwater beach, florida



make your vacation a most memorable one. have a great time in our
tropical atmosphere while you sun yourself at the heated pool, fish from
our very own dock, or step out your back door for a picnic by the bay. 
the beach moorings motel is conveniently located on the waterfront with every
room overlooking the bay. have a cozy, luxury filled vacation with all
the amenities our motel has to offer: fishing, boating, heated swimming
pool, shuffle board, barbecue patio, a sundeck and be within walking distance
to the white sands of clearwater beach. 
the beach moorings motel  has 1 bedroom apartments that are completely furnished.
all apartments are complete with a kitchen that includes a full size refrigerator
and stove, living room, bedroom and bath. heating, air conditioning, cable
color television, in room telephones and maid service are standard features
with each unit. in addition, a laundry facility is available for all guests.
each apartment overlooks clearwater bay and the sparkling swimming pool. 

put yourself in paradise



click
              here to view:

pictures of our motel rooms and
                  facilities
directions to the motel
rates and reservation information

 





click on the tv to view live video from the beach moorings motel.  our
              motel has had hundreds of people vacationing on clearwater beach
              stop by and wave at the camera.  why?  they've told
              their friends, family and co-workers to visit the site at a
              particular time to see them live.
so even if you do not book with
              us come by and wave.




if that is not enough to catch your attention
        check out our 360 degree panoramic tours of our motel. click on the ipix
              logo to virtually visit our motel.


each tour is approximately
              80 to 120k in size so please
              be patient while the tour loads.


do
              you want to know how hot it is on clearwater beach? or how little
              rain fall we have received?  the beach moorings motel has its
              own weather station connected to the internet for everyone to
              see.  click on the image to the right for more information.




while you are on this
              site, make sure that you look at the avis web site for great deals
              on car rentals.





why not book your airline tickets here as
              well.  with priceline you name your own price for plane tickets.





 
  


        

next page
 



for reservations call or write.
e-mail: info@beachmoorings.com  


beach moorings motel
620 bayway boulevard 
clearwater beach, florida. 33767

reservations from the u.s. and canada 1-800-442-8311 
local and international (727) 442-8300 
fax: (727) 442-9879
this web page is copyright © 2000
 internet
advertising international inc.

 





