









western adventures 4x4 driving school and guide service


















western adventures 4x4 driving school
extra large large normal 




about us 



newsflash

our 4x4 adventures "explorers club" are free (no guide service fees) to attend. to assure that we do not hold a spot for a person who dose not show, we have a deposit which you will get back if you show up! if you do not show up, you lose your deposit. no excuses, just fun 4-wheeling. you are responsible for all of your expenses related to the adventures. for questions call 760-415-7071.









 



 


		you are here  
home






error


simplepie detected an error. please run the compatibility utility.




	western adventures 4x4 driving school and guide service







					welcome to western adventures 4x4 driving school & guide service!			

 

 

 






			written by frenchie		
		  
	



		thursday, 12 october 2006 02:00	




western adventures is making some exceptional changes.all of the loose ends have been taken care of and i am finally retired. western adventures web site is up for sale. the name or the whole business can be bought with all of the contacts, background information and training to own your own. if you are interested email me with a phone number and we can talk business. only serious inquiries will be considered. email with "inquire on western adventures" in the subject line.
 my plans to travel to australia are still in the works for a “drive about” (this is a term i use for the months i plan on driving around australia). similar to the american southwest “jackalope”, i plan on searching for the australian “dingeroo” (the mix of a dingo and kangaroo)! 

i am starting a blog and you will be able to follow the process of planning and the travels. located at blogger.com "expedition ding-eroo".







a brief summary of what we offer  

*off-road 4x4 driver training for the general public.
*off-road 4x4 training in all skill levels of driving safety. 
*off-road 4x4 military, government, corporate training.
*techniques for all driving situations. 
*recovery and equipment training.
*environmental issues and tread lightly. 
*consultation.
*logistics. 
*overland travel training skills.

*places to go, and recommendations.

*western adventures is for users of any brand of 4-wheel drives vehicles. 
*trail leader training. 
*4x4 adventure trips from 1 day to a full 21 day expeditions.
*4x4 stories, events and information.
*overlanding and outback 4x4 adventures.
*instructor training (training the trainers).







please note;  our new number is 760-415-7071.

western adventures 4x4 driver training
training from the basic to advanced 4x4 classes. classes for groups, individual, corporate and government. vehicle safety and recovery classes. we offer complete off road vehicle training for all drivers. we can customize classes to fit your needs.  

our corporate training will still be at your location, most any state or country.
4x4 off-road driving school or politically correct "off-highway driving school".
the training dose not have any specific vehicle type. the techniques we train you are for all vehicles. the skills we teach apply to all 4x4's. we do not care if you drive an acura, audi, cadillac, chevrolet, dodge, ford, geo, gmc, honda, hummer, hyundai, isuzu, jeep, kia, land rover, lexus, mazda, mercedes-benz, mitsubishi, nissan, saab, subaru, suzuki, toyota, volkswagen or any other 4x4 vehicle with a 2 speed transfer case. western adventures 4x4 driving school is far more then a jeep 4x4 driving school.
if you have a concern about getting lost, stuck or broken. we will give you the training that is needed for a fun safe experience. our classes will help to reassure you of your abilities and those of your vehicle. we can improve your off highway driving skills in one of our many training classes.
consultation - frenchie la chance is a expert in the field of off-highway driving. presentations can be arranged to fit your needs. contact the office for a custom presentation.
"explorer's club"
return of some or our old favorite outback adventures!!!
the 4x4 trip adventures are going “free*" -the times are tough for everyone. because if the tough times i have decided to make changes to the guide service part of the business. it is now just the “explorers club”! 
our 4x4 adventures are now “free*” to go on. we do ask that you make a reservation to go on the adventures. we need to limit the number to a comfortable size for a enjoyable experience for everyone. that requires a commitment! experience has taught me that if there is no consequence for not following through with your commitment some people will not follow through. this may remove a person who wanted to attend and got squeezed out as a group fills up. a person not showing up, also holds up the group as we wait for them and they do not show up. for that reason i require a deposit of $100.oo. you will get that back when you attend the adventure. the deposit will be kept if you do not show, “no excuses”! you are free to tip or donate to the cost of the web-site expenses. in a effort to keep the cost down, i will stop using the credit cards for the “free adventures” as this added to the overhead.  when i do not charge fo adventures the justification to give money to a credit card company dose not make financial sense.

contact the office prior to sending any deposit, just to make sure there are openings for the paticular adventure.

* - “free* no guide service fees! you will have to pay all of your own expenses such as; food, fuel, repairs, land use fees, lodging and camping fees. any and all expenses outside of guide services.

please go to our "specials page" for more detailed information.


what western adventures     "explorer's club" has to offer you.
no dues, no meetings, no excuses if you want a fun exciting experience join us on one of our unique adventures to acquire a new set of memories you will always cherish. we put together the finest 4x4 trips for beginners to experienced off-roaders. we offer regular adventures with many special and custom adventures. many additional adventures, contact us for your request. 
 this e-mail address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it
 
free off-highway information!get essential advice for your adventures.  get tips for responsible 4-wheeling, outdoor gear reviews, hints on upcoming events and more!

sign up to get the latest information on trail rides, 4x4 adventures, overland traveling, gear and equipment. ask questions. we do not share, give away, sell or distribute your email with anyone.  make reservations early as there will be a "limited number of spaces available" for all of adventures. we limit each of adventure size of the group to a fun size. our adventures are designed to use the best time of the year for the location of the adventures. as hard as we try get the best weather, we do sometimes get a surprised by mother nature.
u.s vietnam veteran owned bussiness! 



western adventures 4x4 driving school & guide service is proud to be part of the international 4-wheel driver training association (i4wdta). its members have adopted the latest training techniques and standards which make them the best instructors in the world. frenchie la chance is a certified trainer. this means you will get the best and latest training to make your learning experience the best it can be. 










		last updated ( friday, 15 march 2013 05:39 )
	


 









main menu
home4x4 adventurescalendardriving schoolcorporate trainingtrail ratingsreservationsproduct test & evalstoriessafety faqweb linksspecialscontact us 

upcoming adventures






copyright © 2025 western adventures 4x4 driving school. all rights reserved.
joomla! is free software released under the gnu/gpl license. 




latest news



			welcome to western adventures 4x4 driving school & guide service!



			newsflash 4



			newsflash 5



			about us



			newsflash 1

 



popular



			welcome to western adventures 4x4 driving school & guide service!



			about us



			newsflash 4



			newsflash 5



			newsflash 1

 







	 		powered by joomla!.
			valid xhtml and css.
		






