  














clinical psychology phd program: department of psychiatry & behavioral sciences: feinberg school of medicine
    

 




























skip to main content











feinberg school of medicine
northwestern medicine | northwestern university
news center | faculty profiles
northwestern university feinberg school of medicinedepartment of psychiatry & behavioral sciences


 



home

about us

about us overview
chair's message
news
alumni
contact us
department leadership
newsletter



education

education overview
why northwestern?

psychiatry residency

residency overview

curriculum

curriculum overview
clinical rotations


training director's message
chief residents' message
how to apply
current residents
specialty tracks



psychiatry fellowships

fellowships overview
addiction psychiatry
consultation-liaison psychiatry
forensic psychiatry
geriatric psychiatry


clinical psychology ma

clinical psychology phd

phd program overview
directors' message
how to apply
curriculum
current students
faculty mentors
faq
student resources


clinical psychology residency
postdoctoral fellowship in clinical neuropsychology
medical students
clinical psychology externships



research

research overview

research areas

research areas overview
neuroscience
health equity and community research
mental and behavioral health services and implementation
clinical and interventional research


clinical trials


patient care

divisions

divisions overview
addiction psychiatry
child & adolescent psychiatry
consultation-liaison psychiatry
forensic psychiatry
general psychiatry
psychology


giving

faculty

a-z faculty
addiction psychiatry
child & adolescent psychiatry
consultation-liaison psychiatry
forensic psychiatry
general psychiatry
psychology faculty









search








clinical psychology phd programfounded on a scientist-practitioner model, the overall goal of the clinical psychology phd program is to graduate academic psychologists who are competent, ethical and productive in the science and practice of clinical psychology. our program emphasizes the integration of science and clinical practice.

directors' messagestudent admissions, outcomes & other data
how to apply learn more about the criteria for applying to the program as well as tuition and financial aid.view application detailscurriculumour curriculum is structured to maximize clinical, research and ethical training for students.explore our curriculummeet our teammeet our current students and their faculty mentors. each student works closely with a faculty member throughout their tenure at northwestern. browse the faculty mentor list to learn more about their research projects and see who is currently recruiting new students.
current students  faculty mentorsjd-phd programnorthwestern's joint jd-phd program is a collaboration between the graduate school and northwestern law. it's designed for applicants who are interested in academic careers examining research topics that are enriched by having both jd and phd degrees.
visit the jd-phd websitefrequently asked questions
questions about the phd program? find out more.
read the faq
how to contact usto contact the phd program in clinical psychology, please email us at clinpsych_admissions@northwestern.edu.
please do not call the number below as it will go to our clinic; it is reserved for patients. please do not call any other numbers that you may find within the feinberg school of medicine. we will only respond to emails that are sent to the following email address: clinpsych_admissions@northwestern.edu. please do not contact via phone or email the md admissions office; they are not involved in the admissions process for the phd program in clinical psychology. 

back to top



follow psychiatry on twitterabout useducationresearchpatient caredivisionsgivingfaculty 
                        department of psychiatry & behavioral sciences676 north saint clair streetarkes pavilion, suite 1100chicago, illinois, 60611chicago campus mapoutpatient clinicchicago campus map312-695-5060northwestern university feinberg school of medicinegivingsocial media centerfacebooktwitterlinkedinyoutubeinstagrampodcast© 2025 northwestern universitycontact northwestern universitycareersdisclaimercampus emergency informationuniversity policiesreport an accessibility issue

 








