




































































journal gazette & times-courier | breaking news | | read mattoon and charleston, illinois breaking news. get latest news, events and information on illinois sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















28°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



nation & world



state & regional



politics



education



features



news tip



business




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




sports


high school



eastern



lake land



college



professional



betting




opinion


columnists



cartoons



editorials



letters



submit a letter




lifestyles


event calendar



announcements



submit an announcement



arts and theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests & promotions



comics



games & puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notice




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









28°
cloudy/wind
























        
        
            emerald acres hosts st. john's archery tourney; state competition set for march

mattoon — the growing annual archery tournament hosted by st. john's lutheran school of mattoon has gotten more room to expand. 

















        
        
            coles county marriage licenses

congratulations to those tying the knot!

















        
        
            glancing back for feb. 15: health department alters ordinance

oh how times have changed. or have they? take a glance at local stories from years past.

















        
        
            the throwback machine: your valentine movie...just in time!

what historical romance isn't made better with a little time travel? for an example, check out this week's edition of clint walker's award-winning throwback machine!

















        
        
            facts for families: building better communication, stronger relationships, and more success

"developing empathy is one of the most important skills you can learn to improve your social awareness."

















        
        
            clothes, food, other help sought after fire destroys humboldt home

donations of clothes, food and other necessities are being sought for two women who lost their home and two dogs to a fire friday afternoon. donations can be made by calling or texting 217-962-0536.

















        
        
            see the latest coles county real estate transactions

who's buying and selling in coles county? a look at the latest real estate transactions, according to public documents.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            armed decatur mom shot, wounded as she fires on home invaders


















        
        
            emerald acres hosts st. john's archery tourney; state competition set for march


















        
        
            joann fabric, crafts store in mattoon closing due to parent company's bankruptcy















                
                the latest



















        
        
            full interview: bloomington bison captain eddie matsushima, 2-15-25

bloomington bison captain eddie matsushima speaks to the media after a loss to the cincinnati cyclones at grossinger motors arena on saturday, feb. 15, 2025. 





















        
        
            bloomington bison's zack hoffman fights cylones' rhett parsons

bloomington bison defender zack hoffman (6) fights with cincinnati cyclones defender rhett parsons (18) during a game at grossinger motors arena on saturday, feb. 15, 2025. the cyclones won 5-2. 





















        
        
            highlights: bloomington bison vs. cincinnati cyclones, 2-15-25

the bloomington bison fell to the cincinnati cyclones 5-2 in their return to grossinger motors arena after nearly a month on the road. video courtesy of the bloomington bison. 




















        
        
            armed decatur mom shot, wounded as she fires on home invaders

an armed decatur mom with a baby on her hip was shot and wounded as she defended her family by opening fire on home invaders, injuring one, police said.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















                
                latest video



















        
        
            full interview: bloomington bison captain eddie matsushima, 2-15-25




















        
        
            bloomington bison's zack hoffman fights cylones' rhett parsons




















        
        
            highlights: bloomington bison vs. cincinnati cyclones, 2-15-25




















        
        
            st. john's archery tournament held at emerald acres












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            column: according to the world wide leader, '24 illini had plenty of memorable moments

the games are done. the 2024-25 college football season is over. and yet ... but ... perhaps ... the stories continue about the historic illinois football season.




















        
        
            illinois handled first game without kasparas jakucionis well, but struggled in the second

kasparas jakucionis missed saturday's loss to southern cal and could be in danger of missing illinois' game against indiana on tuesday.




















        
        
            illinois women's basketball upset against iowa an emotional win

"this win, for me, is great. i mean, i'm from iowa. i love to beat iowa. this win is so much bigger from the emotional piece of wanting it so bad for our players." — illinois coach shauna green





















        
        
            photos: tuscola 47, arcola 42

see the photos from the cola wars high school boys basketball matchup between tuscola and arcola. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            11 advantages of prepping your business for q1 early

contributor content. by taking proactive steps in the months leading up to the new year, you can position your organization for a smoother transition and better performance.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                opinion
                
                    


















        
        
            rich miller: 5 takeaways from madigan's federal conviction

columnist rich miller gives his take on the outcome of mike madigan's federal trial, just as former gov. rod blagojevich gains attention as a potential u.s. ambassador.




















        
        
            asthma patients in illinois need continued coverage for infusion center treatments

dr. russell petrak, managing senior partner of metro infusion center, calls on blue cross blue shield to continue covering infusion center visits for asthma patients.




















        
        
            trump right to go all in on education freedom -- corey a. deangelis

president donald trump recently signed an executive order that puts wind in the sails of the school choice movement.




















        
        
            school choice drains public resources | maddy wheelock

president donald trump recently signed an executive order aimed at expanding school choice. the order directs federal agencies, including the u.s. department of education, to issue guidance on how states can use federal funds to expand “educational choice” initiatives and encourage “education freedom.”













                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            mattex heating, cooling & plumbing



                                        301 south 21st street, mattoon, il 61938
                                    






















        
        
            dan corrie



                                        865 7th st., charleston, il 61920
                                    






























        
        
            mack moore shoe store



                                        305 w lincoln av, charleston, il 61920
                                    














                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-15
























home





        
        
            j d blinds - ad from 2025-02-13





























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin









sites & partners


classified ads

historical archives

online features

e-edition

get healthy




services


activate your digital

pay your bill

email news

work here

contact us

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        journal gazette & times-courier, 700 broadway avenue e, suite 9a. mattoon, il 61938
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























