



	heaven and earth metaphysical crystals, minerals and gemstone jewelry























 
items in my cart: 0
current subtotal: $0.00
view cart | checkout








 
 
 
 
 
      






















































































see what's new!azozeo® phenacite gemsazozeo® phenacite jewelryazozeo® world labyrinthraw & tumbled stonescrystal & mineral gallerygemstone shapesjewelrywire wrap pendantsgemstone corded pendantscrystal vial pendantsbeads & braceletspower strands & necklacespalm stonescrystal healing toolsdream pouches™bath stonescrystal canteen elixirsgemstone essencesgemstone carvingsunset gems & cabochonsazeztulite™ table topsbooks, cds & dvdsbagged stone specialsspirit art cards










stone information (a-z)azeztulite awakeningthe azozeo storydispatch from new zealandcatalog #68 digitalcatalog #67 digitalcatalog #66 digitalcatalog #65 digitaltestimonialscrystal videossocial media100,000 azeztulite giveaway








heaven and earth offers the world’s largest assortment of new age metaphysical crystals, minerals and gemstone jewelry. for over 30 years we have been on the leading edge of working with crystals for meditation, spiritual, personal and planetary healing, and the transformation of consciousness. we bring you the most powerful and positive energy crystals we can find, from every corner of the globe. we also offer highly intuitive information on the healing properties of each and every stone that we carry.our mission is to find and offer the highest vibrational stones for our clients to work, evolve and play with. we invite everyone to join in the crystal revolution and co-create a planet of light through conscious intention and co-creation with the mineral kingdom and the soul of the world. we regard the stones as the material aspect of spiritual beings with whom we can work in partnership for the good of humanity and the earth.









 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 



























                                                      


featured stones:
























































click here for the generic photonic body layout image 
     

click here to sign up for a wholesale account 
 please note that the information about the metaphysical properties of stones on this website is intuitive and not scientifically verified. this field is speculative and explorative. individuals need to use discrimination to determine what is true for them. we cannot guarantee any results with any stone or jewelry item. we do not advocate the use of stones as a substitute for medical or psychological care. our stones are not intended to treat or cure any disease.
  










					your cart is empty.






















email address:





password:

remember me







create an account
forgot password?
























home | about us | contact us | my account | shipping policy | return policy | privacy policy | sitemap | cart help  | disclaimer | wholesale info


© 2025 heaven & earth jewelry




powered by network solutions online store








