


treo engineering | welcome















































































products:  


select...
rsx integrated
rsx components
te integrated
rsx subwoofers
tsx components
te subwoofers
ssp subwoofers
ssx amplifiers
ssx components
ssx subwoofers
knob processor
treo boxes
csx subwoofers
cxt amplifiers
cxt subwoofers




















treo engineering new products







treo ssx batteries




treo msx compact amplifiers






treo rsx amplifiers




treo ssp subwoofers






treo dmx deadmat



marine accessories - coming soon






treo engineering news



suncoast sounds dodge durango d.a.r.e. patrol vehicle - november 05, 2010
audio fonix treo ssp camaro ss - december 23, 2009
all-new treo ssp subwoofer specifications now available - august 26, 2009
all-new treo rsx amplifiers now available - august 24, 2009
treo engineering is too loud for ces 2009 - february 06, 2009
treo engineering at sema 2008 - october 06, 2008
several more new treo product pages now online - may 28, 2008
several new treo product pages now online - may 22, 2008
all ssx amplifier owner's manuals now online - march 28, 2008
three new ssx amplifiers now available - march 17, 2008
three spl records set with treo subwoofers at spring break jam - march 03, 2008
the knob digital bass processor - october 11, 2007
all-new treo te subwoofers - october 09, 2007
installations from radioactive - august 09, 2007
installations from jml audio of saint louis - august 09, 2007
treo at spring break in south padre - march 15, 2007



suncoast sound dodge durango d.a.r.e. patrol vehicle



suncoast sound of monroe, louisiana performed a custom installation in this dodge durango for the morehouse parish drug abuse resistance education (d.a.r.e.) program to try to make a positive impact on the kids in the community.  this truck features a pair of treo rsx12 subwoofers, rsx6.5 integrated speakers and rsx monoblock and stereo amplifiers.








dodge durango patrol vehicle with custom stereo from suncoast sound & treo engineering




custom subwoofer enclosure with treo rsx subwoofers & amplifier rack with treo rsx amplifiers






close-up of custom amplifier rack with treo rsx amplifiers




helping keep kids off drugs in morehouse parish, louisiana







audio fonix treo ssp camaro ss



audio fonix of laguna hills, california put together an ultra-clean custom installation in this brand-new 2010 chevrolet camaro ss.  all of the amplifiers, speakers, and subwoofers are from treo engineering tsx, ssp and ssx lines.










two treo ssp subwoofers in suede-lined trunk with amp covers in place




suede-lined trunk with amplifier covers removed






close-up of treo ssx amplifiers




treo tsx components with custom suede inserts in the doors






treo tsx components in painted inserts in the rear seating area




rear seating area with treo tsx component speakers and suede headliner







all-new treo ssp subwoofer specifications now available



specifications for the all-new treo ssp subwoofers are now available online.  these new subwoofers "perfect" the treo ss subwoofer line with a larger magnets, new aluminum motor heatsinks, stiffer hybrid paper cones, copper-clad aluminum voice coils and power handling increased by 33% to 1000w rms.


click the image below for more information and specifications.





ssp subwoofer specifications






all-new treo rsx amplifiers now available



treo engineering is proud to bring the most affordable treo amplifiers yet, the all-new rsx amplifier series.  the rsx amplifier lineup starts with a pair of tough class-d monoblocks and also includes class-a/b stereo model and four-channel models.


click the image below for more information and specifications.





rsx amplifier specifications






all-new treo rsx subwoofers now available



treo engineering is proud to announce the all-new rsx series subwoofers.  these new subwoofers replace the outgoing tsi models and have 75% greater power handling and work in boxes that are 20% smaller.






rsx subwoofers



rsx subwoofers






treo engineering is too loud for ces 2009

treo engineering has wrapped up another successful consumer electronics show in las vegas, nv.  treo demonstrated several new products including the all-new rsx amplifier and subwoofer lines as well as another upcoming subwoofer line.  of course the treo international cxt and the new treo cxm demo vehicles were deemed too loud for the show!





too loud for ces 2009






treo engineering at sema 2008

treo engineering is proud to announce its first booth at the specialty equipment manufacturers association trade show in las vegas november 4-7, 2008.  treo engineering will be sharing a booth with fellow nebraska manufacturer big air suspension.  please stop by south hall booth 32192 to see the finest american-made car audio products and air suspension kits for heavy duty pickups.



several more new treo product pages now online

there are several more new treo product pages now online including treo boxes, ssx component speaker sets, cxt competition amplifiers and cxt competition subwoofers.






treo boxes



ssx component speakers





cxt competition amplifiers



cxt competition subwoofers





please report any errors you see on the revamped treo website to the webmaster.


several new treo product pages now online

there are several new treo product pages now online including rsx integrated speakers, rsx component speaker sets, tsi integrated speakers and tsx component speaker sets.






rsx integrated speakers



tsi integrated speakers





rsx component speakers



tsx component speakers





please report any errors you see on the revamped treo website to the webmaster.



all ssx amplifier owner's manuals now online



the owner's manuals for all 2008 treo ssx amplifiers are now online.  these manuals contain all the specifications and installation guidelines for treo ssx amplifiers.  the manual for the ssx40.4, ssx100.2 and ssx400.1 is available here and the owner's manual for the ssx80.4, ssx200.2, ssx800.1, ssx1400.1 and ssx2000.1 is available here.  dialup users beware, these manuals weigh in at 4mb and 6mb.



three new ssx amplifiers now available



treo engineering is proud to announce that three new ssx amplifier models are now available.  please see the ssx amplifier page for more information about these new models.



three spl records set with treo subwoofers at spring break jam



john davidson was a texas-size winner at the 2008 spring break jam in padre island, taking home trophies for world-record results for legal b&k spl (162.2 db), outlaw spl (1692.5 db), and the street beat 5 class (160.7 db).  congratulations to john davidson from everyone at treo engineering!



the knob digital bass processor



treo engineering unveils its first audio processor, the knob.   the knob is a digital bass restoration device that taps the power of harmonics to restore the bass that is missing from your favorite recordings.  the knob is especially useful for older recordings and music from mp3 players.  check out the knob product page for more information.





treo engineering the knob






all-new treo te subwoofers



treo engineering is proud to announce their latest subwoofer model, the all-new treo te series. treo te series subwoofers feature cast aluminum frames, hybrid composite-paper cones and 500w rms power handling.  click the link for all the information about the treo te including features and enclosure requirements.





treo engineering te subwoofers






installations from radioactive



the installations page has been updated with some two earth-shaking installs by authorized treo dealer radioactive of tullahoma, tennessee.  radioactive specializes in high power systems for street bass and spl.



installations from jml audio of saint louis



the installations page has been updated with some new installs showcasing the high quality work of authorized treo dealer jml audio of saint louis, missouri.  jml audio of saint louis performs high-end installs using treo engineering subwoofers with a focus on sound quality and oem-like appearance.



treo engineering unveils all-new ssx series amplifiers



the entire line of treo engineering ssx amplifiers has been redesigened for 2007.  three new class-d monoblock amplifiers, one new stereo amplifier, and a new four channel amplifier debut bringing more power than ever before.  the new class-d models are the ssx800.1 (800w rms @ 1 ohm), ssx1400.1 (1400w rms @ 1 ohm) and the ssx2000.1 (2000w rms @ 1 ohm).  the stereo model is the ssx200.2 (200wx2 rms @ 4 ohms, 700wx1 rms @ 4 ohms) and the four channel is the ssx80.4 (80wx4 rms @ 4 ohms, 260wx2 @ 4 ohms).  all three class-d models (ssx800.1, ssx1400.1 & ssx2000.1) and the stereo model (ssx200.2) are shipping now.  the ssx80.4 is expected to ship in may 2007.  please check the new 2007 ssx amplifier product information page or contact your local treo dealer for more information.





treo engineering ssx amplifier






treo engineering at spring break in south padre



some members of the treo engineering staff took a break from bringing you the best subwoofers in the world to stop at spring break in south padre island with the international cxt demo truck.






chili pepper eating contest



the dj announces the winner of a treo prize





the excited winner with her prize



bikini contestants toss out treo hats





bikini contestants toss out treo hats



bikini contestants toss out treo hats





bikini contestants toss out treo hats



bikini contestants toss out treo hats





this little guy caught a treo hat






treo engineering wraps up international ces 2006



treo engineering just wrapped up its biggest ever international consumer electronics show (ces) ever on january 09, 2006.  treo introduced several new products including all-new tsx components, ssx components, ssx amplifiers, and more.  the centerpiece of the exhibit was the treo engineering international cxt featuring upgraded wheels and tires, a complete custom interior, and several video monitors inside and outside the truck.






treo engineering international cxt centerpiece



cxt15 subwoofer and ssx5.1d amplifier





treo engineering booth at ces 2006


international cxt bumper monitor and see-through tailgate highlighting new ssx amplifiers





treo engineering cxt door panel with ostrich skin inserts






treo engineering international cxt biggest & baddest tour



at twenty-one feet long with a cab nine feet tall the cxt is the largest production pick-up truck in the world.  “treo engineering will be announcing the biggest & baddest tour schedule at ces 2006. this mammoth machine highlighting our latest products and technology will travel this fine country throughout 2006,” said john henry, ceo.   the highly customized international cxt features a state of the art treo engineering sound system with 24kw watts of power, multiple flat screens, recaro seats and performance enhancements.  treo engineering will showcase the cxt at dealer locations, regional and national shows.






treo engineering international cxt front shot



treo engineering international cxt rear shot





treo engineering international wheel well monitor



treo engineering international cxt front end





treo engineering international cxt rear seat monitor



treo engineering international cxt side shot






hotbox enclosed subwoofers now shipping



treo engineering is introducing three non-powered subwoofer enclosures based around the tsx and ssi subwoofer drivers.  designed for 'drop-in' applications, they're covered with treohyde polymer-based coating and feature aluminum mounting baffles, five-way binding posts and engraved logos.  the trio of treo boxes are configurable to one ohm or four ohm operation without rewiring.  hotbox10 and hotbox12 feature dual tsx drivers, while the streetbox12 utilizes one ssi subwoofer driver.



i-generation subwoofer drivers



treo engineering has updated its line of ts and ss subwoofer drivers.  currently shipping in the new configurations, the new models now sport the 'i' suffix noting the improved voice coils for increased power handling, a new longer-excursion spider and new silver-gray powder-coated baskets (tsi and tsx models).  newly styled back-plate decals finish off the new look.  for more information or to see the changes in person check with your local treo dealer.



tsx thiele-small parameters now available



thiele-small parameters are now available online for the treo tsx-series subwoofers.



treo engineering announces treo series extreme (tsx) subwoofers



treo engineering is proud to announce the release of its treo series extreme (tsx) line of subwoofers.  the treo engineering tsx subwoofers are aimed at the high-end car audio consumer.  the new tsx takes many of the same technologies used in the championship winning treo engineering competition series extreme (csx) spl competition subwoofers and translate it into great-sounding subwoofers that will stand up to any kind of abuse.


the tsx subwoofers will be available in ten, twelve, and fifteen inch sizes.  all sizes will be available with dual two ohm or dual two ohm voice coils.


the tsx10 and tsx12 features a large 208 ounce motor structure, 2.5 inch dual two ohm or dual four ohm voice coils, and a polypropylene cone.  the tsx15 feature the same polypropylene cone along with even larger 298 ounce motor structures and 3.0 inch dual two ohm or dual four ohm aluminum voice coils.  all tsx subwoofers feature hydro-formed steel frames with treo-exclusive perimeter venting and durable and attractive black electroplated top plates and t-yokes.  power handling on the tsx10 and tsx12 is 275 watts rms and power handling on the tsx15.22 is 350 watts rms.  the tsx subwoofers boast two and a half inches of peak-to-peak excursion.


be sure to check out the all-new tsx subwoofers at treo engineering’s booth at the 2003 international ces.  treo engineering’s booth is number 4167 in the north hall.  look for treo tsx subwoofers in stores beginning february 1, 2003.






treo engineering tsx15.xx subwoofer






treo engineering moves to omaha, nebraska



treo engineering today has announced the move from englewood, colorado to omaha, nebraska.  previously treo engineering operated out of facilities in both cities.  the consolidation of both facilities made economic sense with the addition of a new 10,000 square foot building in omaha.



treo engineering announces new management



treo engineering today has announced a new management team.  rod hogeland, president of treo engineering has announced that he is turning over control of the corporation to mr. john henry, who will assume the position of chief executive officer.  mr. henry’s son john p. henry will assume the position of executive vice president of engineering and design.  john p. henry is a two-time db drag racing overall spl record holder and four-time extreme 9-12 champion, winning the coveted extreme cup in 1998 and 2000 before retiring from the spl competition scene.  paul gruidel will assume the position of company controller and wayne manion will remain technical director.  chuck dixon will take over as head of north american production.  rod hogeland will remain active at treo engineering in an advisory capacity.


there will be no changes in the production, support, or service of treo engineering subwoofers and speakers.



treo engineering subwoofers take usaci 151-300 pro stock at 2002 world finals



chris williams and his 2001 ford focus zx3 took home the top prize in the 151-300 pro stock class at the 2002 usaci world finals held november 23-24, 2002 in kansas city, mo.  he used two treo engineering csx15 subwoofers to post a score of 151.2 db, which was the best score of the weekend in his class.  word from chris is that the car is good for 163+ db on a version 3 microphone.


chris's car features a pioneer premier 840mp cd/mp3 player (there was an alpine unit in the car at finals), two mmats d100hc amplifiers and two treo engineering csx15.15 spl competition subwoofers in a 6.5 ft^3 painted fiberglass enclosure.






chris williams' ford focus zx3 fiberglass enclosure



2001 ford focus zx3 + performance and appearance mods






treo online installs section now online



check out the installations page for pictures of some cool custom installs 
featuring treo engineering subwoofers and speakers.  send in at least four high resolution photos of 
your treo install to wayne@treoonline.com and you could see 
your car featured on treo online as well!



treo engineering sets new spl record at 2002 db drag racing world


german competitors team bs of walkertshofen, germany brought their vehicle to 
nashville, tennessee for db drag racing world finals and obliterated the competition 
at the 2002 db drag racing world finals.  their mark of 177.6 decibels (db) was nearly 
two decibels louder than the previous record, also set by team bs at the db drag racing 
european finals on october 4, 2002 in bern, switzerland.  led by wolfgang fischer, the 
team is made up of twelve hobbyists from germany.  wolfgang fischer, roger jesse, robert 
schmid, jochen resch, jörg völkl, and manfred burkhard made the journey to america, and 
joachim hössle, peter unterreiner, bernd fischer, schigg gerhard, stefan magerl, and 
gerolf owesle remained in germany during the show.






team bs's record-setting spl mark



team bs poses with their vw type iii extreme 13+ van





team bs used a highly modified volkswagen type iii fitted with bullet-proof glass and a 
cabin strengthened with steel, wood, and concrete.  their van tips the scales at 
approximately 14,000 pounds (approximately 6300 kilograms).  team bs used sixteen treo 
engineering csx12.09x subwoofers and sixty-four directed 1100d amplifiers running on a 
sixteen volt electrical system.  team bs estimates 100,000 watts of amplifier power was 
on tap in their van.  many other competitors at the world finals were using quad voice 
coil subwoofers, but team bs used dual voice coil subwoofers to set their steel-bending 
spl record.


team bs took home the crown in db drag racing’s extreme 13+ class by recording a 177.6 
db score on their final run.  the second place team, team pure sounds of ozark, missouri 
recorded a score of 175.0 db.  in the realm of db drag racing extreme vehicles, 2.7 db is 
a wide margin.  in their previous run team bs had recorded a score of 177.7 db.


team bs won the coveted db drag racing extreme cup. the extreme cup is a perpetual trophy 
that is awarded to the db drag racing association's overall world record holder each season.  
"it takes a tremendous amount of time, energy, and money to build a vehicle of this caliber," 
said wayne harris, president and founder of the db drag racing association. "this trophy is 
intended to recognize that effort."  treo engineering is extremely proud of team bs for taking 
home the extreme cup and winning the very competitive extreme 13+ class.  what is truly amazing 
is that these achievements were possible so soon after team bs first started using treo.  
within these past 90 days, they were able to beat their own personal best score, and then go 
on to win the german, european, and db drag racing world finals with a world record!


for the third consecutive year no treo engineering subwoofers failed in the competition lanes 
at db drag racing world finals.  even team bs’s woofers, taking over 6,000 watts per speaker 
were able to take the power with no failures.  team bs also used the woofers in the five-minute 
deathmatch competition.  deathmatch is the most grueling type of spl competition and it is not 
uncommon for every amplifier and speaker in a vehicle to fail while going for the sought after 
deathmatch trophy.  team bs did not have any equipment failures in the deathmatch.  unbelievably, 
team bs used the same speakers at db drag racing german finals, db drag racing european finals, 
db drag racing world finals, and the deathmatch.  craig smith, vice president of zooss 
international who handles international sales and technical support for treo engineering calls 
this “a great testament to the reliability, performance, and durability of treo engineering 
subwoofers.”



treo engineering announces street series extreme (ssx) subwoofers



treo engineering is proud to announce the completion of its street series extreme (ssx) line of subwoofers.  the treo engineering ssx subwoofers are intended to be the world’s loudest street bass subwoofer.  they take many of the same technologies used in the championship winning treo engineering competition series extreme (csx) spl competition subwoofers and translate it into great-sounding subwoofers that will stand up to any kind of abuse.


the ssx12.22 features a massive thirty-three pound motor structure, 3.0 inch dual two ohm aluminum voice coils, and a treo-exclusive ultra-stiff penta-fiber cone.  the ssx15.22 and ssx18.22 feature the same penta-fiber cone along with mind-blowing forty-three pound motor structures and 4.0 inch dual two ohm aluminum voice coils.  all ssx subwoofers feature cast aluminum frames with treo-exclusive perimeter venting and durable and attractive polished nickel top plates and t-yokes.  power handling on the ssx12.22 is 1800 watts rms and power handling on the ssx15.22 and ssx18.22 is 2400 watts rms.  the ssx15.22 and ssx18.22 boast 4 inches of peak-to-peak excursion.


the ssx15.22 and ssx18.22 have been shipping since january 2002, but the addition of the ssx12.22 completes the line.  the ssx10.22 has been cancelled.






treo engineering ssx15.22 subwoofer






ed koski sets meca drive-by spl record with treo engineering subwoofers



ed koski of el dorado springs, missouri set a meca world record at meca world finals october 9-10, 
2002 in shepherdsville, ky.  ed used two treo engineering csx15.22 subwoofers and two u.s.amps 2000x 
amplifiers in a nissan hardbody truck to set a new meca drive by sound pressure level (dbspl) record.  
ed scored 127.6 decibels (db) driving by a microphone at a distance of six feet.  koski was over two 
decibels louder than the second place finisher.  hats off to ed and his shop koski enterprises for 
their great achievement.  ed really is pounding the pavement!


ed koski also finished third in the very competitive m5 class with a score of 154.7 db.  the two 
competitors who finished ahead of ed had at least double the available amplifier power.











treo engineering © 2002-2008







