
















dekalb health chronicle







































































dekalb health chronicle






























































































tuesday, april 2, 2013








first aid: second degree burns







injuries caused by exposure to flames or hot objects can be very painful. affected skin may blister burn even when exposed to high temperatures. the cells that come into contact with the heat will die. therefore, burns should receive treatment quickly.moderate burns or second degree burns are burns that cause damage to the lining under the skin. examples are excessive sunburn, heat fluid and sparks from gasoline or other materials.according to stanley m. zildo as quoted from his book 'first aid, how to properly handling first aid and emergency', the symptoms of this second degree burns to the skin such as redness, blistering, swelling that does not go away for a few days and the skin looks damp or muddy.in the event of such burns, immediately do the following:1. pour cold water or water ice on the injured area or give a compress using a washcloth. can also use a handkerchief previously dipped in water.2. dry the wound use of clean towel or other soft material.3. cover with a sterile bandage to prevent infection.4. lift the injured arm or leg is higher than the heart organ.5. seek medical attention if the victim suffered burns around the mouth or have difficulty breathing.6. do not attempt to deflate the blister wounds or applying oils, sprays or other remedies without a doctor's knowledge.





posted by



bamsdean




at

9:17 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, february 7, 2012








5 actions to help reduce bad breath





bad breath is quite embarrassing. in terms of dentistry, bad breath is often referred to as halitosis. maintaining good oral health is essential to reducing bad breath. bad breath can be caused by food, smoking, dry mouth, medical conditions, gum disease and sinus conditions.

"if bad breath persists for more than 24 hours without an obvious cause, then you should contact your san diego dentist. it can be a sign of gum disease, digestive problems, sinus infections, bronchitis, or even more serious diseases, like diabetes, liver failure, kidney failure and cancer, "said roger p. levin, dds.

here are some actions that can be done to reduce bad breath msnhealth was quoted as saying on sunday (1/22/2012), among others:

1. eating spices

some other spices and herbs can help reduce bad breath. by eating foods or drinks that contain herbs can be while reducing bad breath.

2. brushing the tongue

"most people ignore his tongue, and more concerned about brushing your teeth. fact meyikat tongue is also important, because these types of foods that easily stick to difficult to remove with just a rinse. accumulation of food residue contribute to bad breath," said dr. eric shapira, dds.

3. avoid certain beverages

coffee, beer, wine and whiskey can leave a residue that can be attached to the plaque on the teeth. so that some types of drinks are also contributing causes of bad breath. so you should eat a healthful beverage type and does not cause bad breath.

4. brushing your teeth regularly

"some odors can be removed permanently or temporarily if brushing immediately after eating. the main cause of bad breath is a sticky layer containing bacteria that live and die on the teeth and gums. sticky layer is commonly referred to as plaque," said dr. shapira.

so brush and remove plaque after eating can reduce bad breath.

5. using mouth rinses

some herbs can be diluted with water to make a mouth rinse. keep mouthwash in a tightly sealed jar at room temperature. should not keep his own mouth rinses are formulated for long.

"if it was not practical if you have to make your own mouth rinses, then it can use a mouthwash that can be purchased on the market," said jerry f. taintor, dds.





posted by



bamsdean




at

5:52 pm



6 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















australian souvenirs


souvenir pernikahan




my blog friends










playing with user interface feature




measure web server performance with apache benchmark



3 years ago












fly anywhere




overweight passengers pay more with this airline



11 years ago












junior dental



















seo tips

















followers











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(1)





        ▼ 
      



april

(1)

first aid: second degree burns










        ► 
      



2012

(1)





        ► 
      



february

(1)

















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























