      
	hslda - advocates for homeschooling
         







español



  



  

  
    


advocates for homeschoolingdefending homeschool freedom, for you.

providing 24/7 legal support for your homeschool journey

advocating for the best homeschool laws, nationwide

advancing homeschool freedom for all familiesexplore membership
join 90,000+ member families who homeschool with greater confidence and peace of mindhslda president jim mason and hslda staff attorney amy buchmeyer discuss a homeschool case.








about hslda“we advocate for homeschooling. that is who we are and what we do.”home is a place for learning in freedom. we vigorously defend it.hslda fights tirelessly for homeschool freedom because we believe in homeschooling. we believe that it helps children to flourish. and we believe your family can homeschool best when you have the freedom to provide an education that uniquely fits your child. we advocate for homeschooling on many levels: for individual families, in the state legislatures, in the media—so that you can homeschool with peace of mind, knowing that hslda is advocating with and for you. looking for help? start here

homeschool laws by state

how to get started homeschooling

tips for teaching high school

sign up for legislative email alerts

member-exclusive resources


 our 2024 impact for members




10,980legal questions answered

2,254mistakes by school officials resolved



990homeschool grad discrimination cases settled



493bills monitored with potential homeschool impact

313member questions about legislation answered

23court appearances to defend families 





our advocacy at workview all









news
school district sends medical records to wrong family









news
threats to freedom, reductions in red tape—another lively legislative season









news
homeschooling in the north pole—with hslda’s help









news
college system changes policy on homeschool admission









news
how homeschooling saved this family against all odds









news
see you on the statehouse steps! rally with your hslda attorney













what we dowith over 90,000+ member families, home school legal defense association (hslda) is the nation’s largest, most trusted homeschool advocacy organization. we’re here to advance and protect your freedom to homeschool.




legal protectionwe protect your right to homeschool in court, advocate for homeschool freedom in state legislatures, and work to advance homeschooling in the public arena.










educational supportour members get exclusive how-to-homeschool resources: webinars, master classes, articles, downloads, and more.





strength in communitythrough the combined efforts of our community we make it possible for all families to experience the joys of homeschool freedom.




learn about hslda membership »





get started on your homeschool journey


what is homeschooling?

explore what this exciting alternative looks like, how it works, and whether it might be a good fit for your family.read more »
homeschool laws by state

learn all about withdrawing from public school, state requirements, testing, mandatory subjects, deadlines, and more.read more »
starting strong

just beginning? find out about learning readiness, learning preferences, choosing curriculum, and planning your year.read more »
special needs

does your child learn differently? from diagnosis to ieps to accommodations and assistive technology, find their best path.read more »
high school & beyond
discover your teen's interests, develop a custom high school plan, and equip them to become a caring, responsible adult.read more »














 



hslda is the trusted movement leader that makes homeschooling possible by caring for member families and protecting and securing the future of homeschooling.
aboutcareerslatest resourcesfaqsrecursos en españolmembershipdonatehslda actionadvertising opportunities

media relations

get in touchwe’re available by phone (540-338-5600) m–f 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. et.
callcontactemergency
© 2024 hsldaall rights reservedprivacy





            