


c.a.r.e. - rescuing at risk cats and dogs in southern california





























 

home
about us
help the animals
adoption
rainbow bridge



home









 




text care4pets to 44-321


c.a.r.e.
        p.o.box 56631
        sherman oaks, ca 91413 
        818.842.5500 [voice mail]
        fein: 95-4347009 
        donations are tax deductible.






 






 




 






 our mission is saving 
    lives
funded entirely by private grants and donations from individuals who love animals - wonderful people like you - care rescues at-risk dogs and cats without regard for their health status, age or 
    adoptability.  some come from public shelters who call us asking us to take in an animal who is at the 11th hour before euthanasia. without groups like c.a.r.e. and you, "save them 
    all" would only be a sweet dream 
we operate a cage-free, no-kill sanctuary providing a home-sweet-home for up to 300+ orphaned cats and dogs in the high desert north of los angeles. our sanctuary, established in 1998 and licensed 
    by the county, consistently earns "a" ratings when inspected by the dept of animal regulation. some of our rescues are older, or suffer from chronic yet treatable diseases, such as diabetes and felv.   
    we seek responsible homes for them but we have no time limits. whether it takes 7 days or 7 years, our rescues have a home for life!
how does care support animal welfare? by nurturing a community of homeless animals in a licensed, a-rated shelter, care demonstrates that responsible sanctuaries provide a truly humane alternative 
    to current responses to pet overpopulation issues. care makes it possible for "unwanted" pets to live out their lives in peace and dignity. 
please help us continue to provide a great quality of life for orphaned pets! it is the commitment and generous support of individuals like you that makes it all possible. your donations 
    really do make a difference! please help us save even more lives!






more info....
amazing animal stories
about us - c.a.r.e.'s history
c.a.r.e.'s blog page
cats and dogs for adoption
contact us

donate your used car
donate using your imagination
friends of c.a.r.e.
fur folk stories
in memory - rainbow bridge

information resources
lost and found pets
new construction and more
newsletter - sign up
past newsletters
"rehome" - place your pet thru adoptapet.com
t-shirts with our logo - check em out!
virtual tour of our sanctuary
volunteer with c.a.r.e.






site map

c.a.r.e. is a 501(c)3 tax exempt charitable foundation/non-profit corporation.







