






ballstat baseball statistics software,baseball software, softball software, baseball stats software, baseball scoring software, baseball stat software, sports software, stats software, sport software, statistics software,  statsistical software, sports 












































there 
	is no cost to use ballstat/ballscore. both programs are 100% free with 
	no 
	strings attached. install on as many computers as you wish. great for entire 
	leagues!

    both programs will run under most versions of windows including 
	xp,2000,vista,win7 and 
	win8 (also 64 bit versions of all these windows 
	versions). both programs will also run on a surface pro but not on a surface 
	rt. if you want to run the software on a mac you will need the 
	parallels 
	emulator software or the
	
	vmware fusion emulator software and a legal copy of the windows version 
	you wish to install.




whether you use your laptop at the game to 
    score live or copy your paper scorebook into ballscore at home 
    you'll have all the stats you need to analyze just how well your team is 
    really performing. no mouse is required when scoring games live with 
    ballscore, a real time saver when the action gets hot.
for free you will get -


both programs - 
      ballscore & ballstat (webbuilder 
      included). 

unlimited 
      leagues, teams, players and reports including boxscores, leader reports, 
      game & season team recaps, team season highs & lows and team individual 
      highs. of course you can create any report you want with ballstat's 
      exclusive macro system but you may not need to as the program comes with 
      over 330 stock reports to get you started. all reports are also available 
      in html, rtf and text formats for publishing to the web or easy e-mailing.
      


view season 
      stats while scoring a game with ballscore. 

seamlessly 
      export stats directly to the ballstat database. 


webbuilder - build a 
      complete, linked website with the click of a button.

exclusive 
      features for table top game players such as importing rosters and 
      as-played lineups, customizable 
      dice and much more. 

works on windows 
      vista, windows xp, windows 2000, windows 7, windows 8, 32 or 64 bit 
	  versions. 

for a more 
      complete list of the many features available
      click here. 


  




    support is always available by email or by 
    visiting our
              
    delphi technical support forum
    you must register at the forum the 
    first time you visit but it is of course free. 


1961 
    rosters & lineups (ballscore format)

1964 
    rosters & lineups (ballscore format)

2007 
    rosters & lineups (ballscore format)


all mlb rosters (no 
    lineups) from 1871 to 2008. these rosters can be loaded into ballscore then 
    saved in ballscore format.



print your own manual in
    pdf format

     



display 
        season stats right on the ballscore scoresheet. you can select to 
        display any 2 windows at one time.



current batter season 
        stats






current pitcher season 
        stats






current teams season 
        batting stats






current teams season 
        pitching stats






current line score 







easily 
        toggle between windows. ballscore will also display a player and teams 
        complete season batting and pitching history + batting against the 
        current opponent




click images to enlarge 


 





  
 

the 
        goal of ballstat/ballscore is to make quality, professional baseball 
        stats available to everyone who loves the game of baseball. now that the 
		program is free , price is no longer an issue. you can spend $40-$100 
        or more for baseball stat tracking software (not counting upgrade fees 
        every year) and still not come near the power of ballstat/ballscore. is 
        ballstat/ballscore the easiest to use program available? no. 
        is it the most powerful?
         without a doubt. 
 









free dice roller for table top 
    games
     click here
 
system 
    requirements

windows xp,vista,win7, 
	win832 & 64 bit
    pentium processor 
     50 megs of disk space
     256 megs of ram 

ballstat does not require 
    administrator rights nor do
    you have to turn uac off with vista32. ballstat will also
    run fine under xp as a standard user.
     
     basic scorekeeping knowledge is helpful if using ballscore 



 

copyright 1995-2013
    james habel software
    all rights reserved

     

     
 
 


canada goose pas cher canada goose soldes canada goose  femme pas cher canada goose  femme soldes replique montre rolex pas cher beats pas cher beats by dre pas cher sac louis vuitton pas cher


