








home - creative west (formerly westaf)






































































































































who we servewho we serveartistsarts organizationsstate arts agenciesarts advocates
about the state arts agencies in the west 
meet our grantees & fellows
our worksupport for creativity in our regiongrants & awardsevents & conveningsregional networksservices to state arts agenciesregional action, national modelsleaders of color networkcreative vitality™ summitwestern arts advocacy networkconsulting services & researchbuilding creative capacity anywhereadvocacy for the artstechnology systems for the arts
explore our impact map
our impactexploreour impact mapmeetour individual awardees and fellowsour organizational grantees
why creativity matters
view our annual report
about uscreative westabout usorganizational historycareerspeople & partners our teamour trusteespartners & supportersstate arts agenciesstewardshipstrategic planannual reportsfinancials
learn about the us regional arts organizations
grants & awards
document library
newsroom
contact / support







resources for those impacted by california’s wildfires

















newsroom
contact / support











			 en		



			 en		

             es        

             zh        

             ja        

             ko        

             vi        

             de        

             ru        

             ar        

             fr        

             haw        

             fil        

             sm        












who we serve
our work
our impact
about us
grants & awards
document library















learn about the us regional arts organizations







creative west


about us


organizational history


careers








people & partners 


our team


our trustees


partners & supporters


state arts agencies








stewardship


strategic plan


annual reports


financials

















about the state arts agencies in the west 









meet our grantees & fellows







who we serve


artists


arts organizations


state arts agencies


arts advocates

















explore our impact map







support for creativity in our region


grants & awards


events & convenings


regional networks


services to state arts agencies








regional action, national models


leaders of color network


creative vitality™ summit


western arts advocacy network


consulting services & research








building creative capacity anywhere


advocacy for the arts


technology systems for the arts
learn about zapp, callforentry, cvsuite, go smart, & the public art archive

















why creativity matters









view our annual report







explore


our impact map


meet


our individual awardees and fellows


our organizational grantees















search for resources, artists, and more





 










photo credit: mark shigenaga







we are creative west
at creative west (formerly westaf), we build equitable systems to support and amplify creative capacity — because creativity is essential to us all.
learn more about creative west, the state arts agencies, or check out our latest news.






















“creative west,” written and performed by hakim bellamy, inaugural albuquerque poet laureate, elc alumnus (2010, cohort 1).













i'm looking for









grants;arts advocacy resources;my state arts agency;tech product information





grants



arts advocacy resources



my state arts agency



tech product information














organizational grant opportunities 
individual grant opportunities






our grantees & fellows










policy priorities
quorum action center






waan










alaska
american samoa
arizona
colorado
california
guam
hawaii
idaho






montana
new mexico
nevada
northern mariana islands
oregon
utah
washington
wyoming










café (call for entry)
creative vitality suite
go smart






public art archive
zapp











 










photo credit jennifer chaparro







creativity interrupts our patterns of understanding, startling us into a richer awareness of the world. this is essential work — and it needs to be supported and amplified in our communities.


















we’re a nonprofit u.s. regional arts organization that serves a broad and diverse area in the western u.s., stretching from the arctic coast to the desert southwest, and from the great plains to the pacific islands.















































 











photo credit cannupa hanska luger







the west contains multitudes. its people are connected and remote, practical and imaginative, and at the forefront of both cultural preservation and cultural transformation, often simultaneously. creative west is strengthened by this complexity. it connects, challenges, and changes us — much like creativity itself.









 







to build the capacity of artists and arts organizations anywhere, we develop equitable technology, funding, advocacy, and policy systems for the arts — extending our impact beyond our geography.












we know that creativity is socially valuable and essential to all of us. we support the people and organizations who make it happen — in the u.s. west and beyond.








 







the latest












newsroom
resources for those impacted by california’s wildfires


we’ve compiled a list of services offering immediate support, including shelter, financial aid, and emotional care for those navigating these heartbreaking challenges.
read more









newsroom
capacity building webinar series


read more









newsroom
reflections on the international teaching artist collaborative


written by danica rosengren.
read more









see all news






web services powered by
creative west


















view website






café is an online application submission system that strives to make art opportunities available to all by offering arts organizations an affordable submission platform and artists an easy way to apply. 



















view website






go smart is an affordable grants management software that offers pre- and post-application forms, panel reviewing, and data reporting for grantmakers.



















view website






the public art archive (paa) is a free, searchable, and continually growing online database of completed public artworks throughout the u.s. and abroad, with a suite of resources and tools built for managing public art collections.



















view website






zapp provides art fair and festival administrators with a suite of tools to digitally collect and jury applications, manage booth payments, and communicate with applicants all in one easy-to-use digital platform. artists can apply to hundreds of shows nationwide through a central website.
























mailing address
1536 wynkoop st., suite 522
denver, colorado 80202
phone (303) 629-1166









contact / support
careers
media kits
w-9 form
trustee login






accessibility
privacy policy
terms & conditions
cigna mrfs









subscribe to our newsletter









supported in part by























© 2025 creative west (formerly westaf)
design + development by people people








 













