









a little blog - things and stuff





















a little blog




 
twitterrss
homeabout meoldendays
recent postsfacebook and meta, i decided to leaveanother year goes by,not forgotten, just very busy.facebook and metawet wednesday
archives▼ 2025 (2)january (2)► 2024 (15)october (1)june (1)may (2)march (3)february (5)january (3)► 2023 (10)december (1)october (2)june (1)may (1)april (2)march (1)february (2)► 2022 (22)december (1)november (3)september (5)august (4)july (7)june (1)april (1)
categoryabout me. (4)the olden days (2)uncategorized (43)

tags

1960's 32c a night with a view aicrap alerts autumn flashed by barrow birds birthdays bloodycold bluesky bromley bus clouds coffee #coldandcold crash. days. kent december and christmas discworld eggs elizabeth r facebook feet flowerpots food france fujitsu horizon imperial inches info is this the end just stuff kby.. lastyear masques and syrup. meta privacy stuff 

tim stannard powered by htmly




facebook and meta, i decided to leave

22 january 2025 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


i have used facebook for a few years,
even though i vowed i wouldnt.
initially it was because the town i live in runs on it.
if you want to know whats going on, you need to check facebook.
i was on a committee for a community event, so it was almost essential to have an account.
then i justified  it to myself when i was diagnosed with prostate cancer ,so i wrote about that to squash the rumour mill.
then came privacy concerns, what have i got to hide i thought, 
not a lot, but then alexa answered questions out of the blue, and pop us adverts for thing mentioned in conversations in the kitchen !
so i am trying to leave again ,but forgot about linked groups which i need to remove or leave first.
this morning i read this on my mastodon feed.
long post:-
anyone who goes through my post history, knows i work for meta (facebook).
i am "consumer content administrative manager".   my primary duties include content appeals, account appeals, account reviews, and some peer review.
it is no surprise that my job depends on people using facebook.  today, i am going to suggest, you not do so. i can make that suggestion because we have a user base of billions, and i know most people would keep using facebook even if the devil ran the company.  people are strange.
but if you feel you can truly live without facebook, do so.  internally, things are changing, and not for the better.  you should especially consider leaving meta if you are a minority, woman, lgbtq+, trans, or identify as progressive, politically.  if facts matter to you, and misinformation is something you do not want to be subject toward, you should especially consider leaving, facebook.
you have no privacy from meta, while using meta. none.  i do not care if you believe you disabled a "feature" or "opt out" of something. you only seem to have done so.   and even if you're going to continue to use meta, uninstall the app (all of them).  we collect data on you, even when you're not using the app.
another push, gotta go !





another year goes by,

10 january 2025 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


a belated happy new year to anyone who reads this,  the boss and i were sat in front of the fire, it had been raining hard all day and we almost decided to stay where we were and watch telly.
then we thought, how many more new years eve's will we see.  old and doddery, our time is limited, so we made an effort, braved the rain and walked down to the pub.   quite busy and the kitchen was flooding,  the pub is at the bottom of the hill and stone built, the water comes up through the floor or seeps through the wall.
not ones to let a little water put us off,  if you live in the north west of england you ought to be used to water by now.
we had an enjoyable night, son and his missus along with daughter and her bloke plus half the pub sang auld lang syne in the middle of the road.
a great evening out, dont remember walking home, so it must have been good.
one other thing that came to mind was in 2014 i was told i had prostate cancer. for those who know, my psa was 208 ,   i was given hormones and radiotherapy and it is under control.  so far, so good.
during those ten years i have watched my grandchildren grow up and gone from taking them to primary school to taking grandson to college.
that has been ten years i wasnt expecting,  i am extremely grateful to the oncolgy team and radiographers at preston and especially the professor for all they have done for me.
all this treatment came about because of a chance psa test.
the fact that a blood test for psa can be innacurate and give false positives, seems to give gp's a reluctance to do these tests unless you have symptons.
a reasonable point of view you might think, but there is no other test apart from pushing their finger up your bum and feeling the back of the prostate,
they did that to me and told me i was fine !   so perhaps two inaccurate tests might be a way forward as i regularly meet guys who were diagnosed by chance.
if there is a man in your life get him to get a psa test and then another in six months and see if it is rising.
minus 6 this morning and a bit chilly,  better move before i freeze to my chair.





not forgotten, just very busy.

21 october 2024 - posted in                about me. by                tis tim


i try to remember to post to this blog on some sort of regular schedule, 
however, i also post to a prostate cancer support group , and a whats on site for the local town.
so this blog, giving it the benefit of the doubt tends to get forgotten.
here we are in october 2024,  and we have an updated version and an attempt at a fresh post.
at the end of august, i stopped posting to twitter, or x.  it really was a knee jerk reaction, as i already had a mastodon account and given i couldnt give a toss about followers, i couldn't see any reason to stay there.
i haven't deleted my account as half the nhs staff post to it and they are usually worth a read.
i think my main issue is that it is necessary to have an account in order to read any posts.  i never used to be the case, but it seems to have changed.
i now use vivaldi as a browser and the masto instance.
my mastodon account 
federated social media is a bit of an eye opener,  i prefer it.
alternative stuff.
i prefer signal to whatsapp, although the amount of people i come across that want me to join their whatsapp group is surprising.
seems as if lots of people have just discovered it.  i have to be honest, i really dont like the group concept on any app.
say there is me, bill and fred in the group. fred puts a message to the group, everyones phone pings.
the bill messages fred, about something else, everyones phone pings,  not for me,  so everytime they talk my phone rings, so i mute the group.
then when the need for a group wide message comes, i dont hear it.
lastly, as there are a few good reasons to leave whatsapp, why are so many people trying to get me to join their soddin group. !
draft version.





facebook and meta

05 june 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


i have been seeing loads of stuff promoting ai. 
some is scary stuff. even to the ceo of zoom talking of creating an ai clone to attend meetings for you, while you sit at home relaxing.
this clone will take decisions for you based on saved data about you, your preferences and previous actions.
however, ai will go beyond that, and scrape or use data from other people to create content.
little reference to accuracy, just what others wrote or posted about a specific topic.
there is an update from meta telling facebook users their content is now going to be used for ai from june the 26th.
i tried to avoid joining facebook for many years, due mostly to the crap that was on it,
 now i find myself having to use it or being unable to contact some businesses as many have dropped the website that was viewable by anyone with no account needed to view and settled for a social media that requires a user account simply to view the page.
by the way, if you want a social media app viewable by anyone without a sign in, try mastodon.
https://social.vivaldi.net/@stannard
so i think i am going to close my facebook account and delete as much content as i am able before that date.






wet wednesday

22 may 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


woke to a wet morning so decided to go through to morecambe.
something nostalgic about walking along the front at morecambe on a rainy day.
we dived into home bargains, the boss filled.the trolley in a few minutes, so i had to get a second.
off to the pub for a bite to eat.
picture is my coated chicken strips with chips and cheesy sauce.
very nice.






terry pratchet

06 may 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


when surfing the web, (an old expression i know,)
but then i am.
sometimes one stumbled upon nice things, or simple things that can make me smile.
on mastodon, i came upon a bot posting terry pratchet quotes, some good, some less so.
one of the nice things about mastodon is you don't need to sign in to read content, unlike much of the other alleged social media.
https://frikiverse.zone/@terrybot
that link may need to be copied and pasted.





tanned right arm

20 march 2024 - posted in                about me. by                tis tim


for a time, back in 1970/ 80's  i drove trucks from lancaster into other countries, they included, eire and much of mainland europe.
france, belgium, luxembourg ,germany, holland, switzerland and italy.
when queuing for the customs it was often easy to spot another british driver because the right arm was browner than the left.  not always but often.
the common assumption that we all drove along with our arm resting on the door certainly wasnt true on the vehicles i drove, as the gap between the seat and the door was too big to do that in any comfort.
however it was fair to say the sun was stronger that was usual in the north west of england and you could find yourself driving for many miles with the sun beaming through the glass and burning your right arm.
little thought was given back then to sun block cremes or factor 30 etc.
a few years ago, i noticed the odd hard bit of skin on the back of my hand, i didn't give much thought to it, but over time it got bigger, and sometimes it would itch,  one day, i must have scratched it in my sleep and i woke to a small amount of blood on my arm and a large scab.
so i went to the doc, who sent me to the skin specialist, who then took a biopsy to test for skin cancer.
i didnt expect him to take such a large piece of skin for a sample.  anyway, i am awaiting the results,  the picture is my arm healing and the stitches are to be taken out in a few days.
i suppose the moral is use sun block,  although that is really horses and stable doors for me.
i plan to update.....






truck driving days ( bromley )

08 march 2024 - posted in                the olden days by                tis tim


driving days :
one of my first driving jobs many years ago was for bromley transport.  back in the days of a b and c licences,
the office / workshop was on southlands road bromley, south london.
at the top of the road, on the junction of the a21 was a big pub,
cant remember the name of it,  most drivers would go for a pint on saturday lunch time before going home.
our boss , the owner, would sometimes call in to the saloon bar with his mates.
you could see from one bar into the other.
one christmas eve, we were all in the bar having a pint or three, roger,one of our drivers was late into the pub.
anyway, he opens his pay packet and says to everyone, hey i got a christmas bonus.
quick as you like dave , another driver says, how much did you get?
roger says ten quid.
dave says, that's funny, we all got twenty !
i bet it is because you backed into that tree last week.
so we all nod and try to look serious.
(actually we all got ten.)
roger sits and stews about how unfairly he had been treated.
just then the boss walked into the saloon bar, roger jumps up, walks into the saloon bar and has a go at the boss for being mean and only giving him ten quid.
after listening to roger, the boss, turns so we can all see him and says in a loud voice, your right roger, i am sorry, here is the other tenner, have a nice christmas lads.





a little test with a poster

05 march 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim





this is a poster for a psa testing event in barrow.  if you have a prostate, it may be worth you attending.
small deposit to try to elimminate time waster.





jingling lane

22 february 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


in a town near me, there is a delightfully named jingling lane
along which is a little piece of street art.
it is the little things that brighten the day , dontcha think ?






a bit of an intro

10 february 2024 - posted in                about me. by                tis tim


this domain was used for my business , but things have moved on, so i am using it for a fragmented blog.  by that i mean it is mainly the ramblings of an old geezer.
if you arrived here from a link on mastodon, then expect to find longer posts than my masto account allows.
if you found one of my company pens and linked from that,  i apologise, as it probably doesn't work, 
i bought a fun pack from a pen company, 500 of them and none of them worked. there are refills around that will fit, often to be found in other peoples pens.. 
not that i am suggesting you nick someone's pen to use in mine.  although you have to admit mine look pretty classy, 
whats that ?  you want a pen that works ?  picky sods.
me?, old bloke, father and grandfather. whisky drinker.
proud as punch of my kids and grandkids, they have all grown up to be great in spite of me 😅
i like fresh ground old brown java, spicy food and chips.
that about covers it.
lastly, i have not included a comments option, 
 if you feel the urge to make an observation on something i have posted, you will just have to control yourself. 
fair to say, i can be contacted via a variety of messenger services,
xmpp is nice , a few others will be mentioned elsewhere in this blog some i answer quickly, some i don't.





just me

10 february 2024 - posted in                about me. by                tis tim


an intro post, who am i, ( as if you care )  and why i write this drivel.
obviously there is content to come.






thursday the 8th of feb

10 february 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim



thankfully this was up the tops and not a road that i would travel along given the weather forcast. 
i hope they got out..





february 2024.

03 february 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


i like this script, although i use others, this works nicely for me,
so i managed an update, which gave me the idea that it is still being maintained, but after three attempts at extracting to another server... 
well it all went to porridge,or was it sausage... need to have a clear out of redundant files and see if i can get a clean install.  in the meantime enjoy your day,
the qr is a link to the contact info for the bay prostate cancer support group.....trips off the tongue nicely dunnit.






the post office scandal.

21 january 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


seen on arstechnica

link to article
https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2024/01/fujitsu-bugs-that-sent-innocent-people-to-prison-were-known-from-the-start/?utm_brand=arstechnica&utm_social-type=owned





the snow plough

18 january 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


seen elsewhere

love this !





january 24.

14 january 2024 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


my cousin's birthday treat thing, we had a night away with family at the midland hotel, morecambe.
it was very nice, staff, food and the place.  probably add some more pics, just need to resize some.
but to keep you going, the first is the iconic statue of eric morecambe, the second is the bed, seems it isn't just me that thinks "bra and pants "

our eric.

bra and pants ?





december and humbugs

02 december 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


started to run a few back ups with plans to migrate to another server and noticed some quirky issues.
i hear the developer is not continuing to support this script, which is a shame as i like it !
update !
there is an update, so this script is supported. this is now updated and i am checking the img  refs.
seems absolute refs are not a good idea if you plan to move a site. !
constant tweeking going on.






old stuff

15 october 2023 - posted in                the olden days by                tis tim


some years back my granddaughter asked me ,
" granddad, were you in the olden days "
to a certain extent, i was. so i thought i would add an
 " olden days " section.   ( work in progress though )
the image is a musical birthday card, it was given to me on my 5th birthday in 1950.
it still works, held together with sellotape and love.






a first post over here

15 october 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tis tim


playing with this script,  it may last a while, 
then again...?
the picture is me in lagos, portugal.

having swapped servers and domains some of the image references will be wrong,  sorry... working my way through and updating them.
hope to keep this updated, but fair to say, we have heard that before.





the return of the stones

10 june 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


during lockdown painted stones began to appear around the village,
what was nice was people left them alone.
now some new ones have started to appear.
i just love this sort of  thing.



i hope this starts a trend.





my mate trevor.

28 may 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


some years ago, i moved from slough down to a village near sevenoaks in kent.
one of the guys i used to meet in the pub was trevor.
he lived quite close to me and sometimes we would stagger home together.
we got on well and became good friends.
one evening in the pub trevor ran out of money, so i lent him ten bob. ( ten shillings )  50pence in todays money.
(in the days when the uk used real money where 20 shillings made a pound).
in due course, he paid me back.
one afternoon, i ran out of money ,trevor lent me ten bob. 
over the months and years, this ten bob note bounced back and forth between us until neither of us knew who owed whom ten bob.
i think it became a bit of a laugh, just for fun.
trevor moved to canada and we would keep in touch two or three times a year by email or a phone call.
trevor began signing off his emails with 
" you got my ten bob ?"
i went online and bought a ten shilling note,  fully intending to post it to him.
however, about that time, trevor changed his address and took to drugs, the emails became fewer and phone calls stopped.
then i got messages to say he was clean and had been so for a few years.
then we lost contact,
i managed to find his daughter via social media,
she told me trevor died in january this year 2023,
i shall miss him but i still have the ten bob note as a reminder.






april in england

25 april 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim



looks nice, but the air is  chilly.
what happend to
"out like a lamb"





emergency alerts

21 april 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


seems our government want even more control over us.
not only do they want to read all our messages via a backdoor for every app, it wants to send us emergency alerts too.

well, it came and went.  of the four people near me, one triggerd at 3pm and another a few minutes later.
mine was disabled and didnt sound, the fourth, i didnt hear anything.
but the message was in an american accent !
nothing against americans, my father was one, but couldnt we afford to create our own system?
somehow, i doubt i will find the scheme useful,
they are either going to tell us to stay out of the sun when the summer finally arrives, or warn me we are about to be nuked which is also pointless as tin hats are not as effective as they were in 1940.





march stuff

13 march 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


so busy doing other stuff, i keep forgetting to post to this site.
yesterday i started with a cough, runny nose and sneezing.
aching joints etc.
the boss looked at me as if i had developed bubonic plague.
by the way, what happened to spring ?
044352_copy_720x546.png





tree hugging at ulverston

18 february 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


found a picture of the temple at ulverston.
actually conishead priory,
now has a beautiful buddist temple in the grounds,
a fabulous and breathtaking place , between the priory and the kent estuary there a large chunk of woodland with some amazing trees in it.
sadly people dont always clean up after their dogs and you need to look where you are putting your feet.
it is open to the public and if you can, i recommend you go and see for yourself.

kath hugging a tree , october 2022





february morning

06 february 2023 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


should try to remember to post on here, 
no excuse.
looking west

brr.  looking east






white stuff

10 december 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


cold days and nights.

stayed on freezing point all day.

milkman got through. 
winter draws on !





tom baker

23 november 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


seen on mastodon,
nothing to add !






party. time

13 november 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


out with the gang to a party.
masque ball. ish.
good music, great food and too much alcohol.






absence .... october flew by

02 november 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


i just realised that i slept through last month, well.  not really, but i should try and post more frequently.
therefore in no particular or chronological order, i will add a picture and try to tell you about it.

breakfast on the first of october.
my cousin from up north called for a couple of days,  sadly he was off the whisky, so i had to drink it all myself.
drove out to a place called 
knot end where there is a ferry across to fleetwood.
wandered around and found a chippy.
i had currywurst and chips , the others had fish n chips.
no picture of either, my find some and resize for this.   mebee.
we also went back to conishead priory,
 lovely place, peaceful and calming woodland with nice little touches, one of which was this plaque on a bench.

the inscription is 
anita louise,  your life was a blessing, your memory a treasure.
loved beyond words and missed beyond measure.
i thought that was so sweet.!
however, we went at the weekend, the workd and his granny were there with their dogs,. running around, off the leads and poo a plenty, 
i thought i had arrived at bloody crufts.
the boss had to go for an eye test in town, just across from the opticians is a little turkish bistro, with some tables outside, so i ordered espresso and waited for the boss.
a lovely waitress brought out my coffee with a side of turkish delight.

on the way back to the carpark, we stopped at the borough for some lunch.
i ordered a small selection of lite bites, tapas style, or so i thought.
it was more than i expected.






end of an era

20 september 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim



goodbye and thank you ma'am.
goodbye and thank you ma'am.
a superb and emotional day.
proud to be british .





richmond yorkshire.

13 september 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


took a trip up to richmond in north yorkshire.
quaint old town, some interesting shops and a large medieval castle.
the main tower is intact, but much or the rest has tumbled down.

the main tower
open to the public and worth a walk round.  ( imho )

the view looking north
an enjoyable day out.





rip my queen

09 september 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


thursday the 8th of september 2022.
her majesty queen elizabeth passed away aged 96.

i never met this lady, although i know a few who did, and they all say how nice she was.
for a while she was my commander in chief, and i swore to obey her , her heirs and successors.
i  remember when her father died back in 1952 i was in infant school and we were all taken into the school dining room to listen to the announcement on the wireless.
i am pleased i lived through her reign and may she rest in peace reunited with that politically incorrect old bugger philip.






strange eggs

04 september 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


went to the local agricultural show yesterday.
saw these eggs... strange.






plum picking time

01 september 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


plum picking time again, 
the boss makes jam from things, plum is on my favourite list as it doesnt have pips.
i am supposed to avoid pips and seeds.
the lady who used to live nearby always spelt plum 
"plumb".
her family were plumbers, so it may explain things.
a bum of a plum.

bum plum.





coffee time.

23 august 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim



the stuff in the bottom is condensed milk, just provides that mid afternoon sugar hit !





queue

23 august 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


waiting to turn into the entrance of preston hospital, 
queue not moving, then i discovered the reason !
i hope whoever the passenger was, they came hrough.






gardening.

18 august 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


went to trim the rose bush at the bottom of the garden.
climbed up, and noticed some feathers....
took a closer look, two collard dove chicks in a nest.








heatwave ? it's summer !

13 august 2022 - posted in                uncategorized by                tim


summertime for a change.

sunny saturday.
timefor a beer or two




page 1 of 2
older



