


reincarnation research and documentary in another life









 

















 

see also my new website, reincarnationproof.com.

the website
"ial" stands for "in another life." this website was launched in 1998, to support my documentary, "in another life: reincarnation in america," during the production phase. the program was released in 2003, at which time it was broadcast on pbs affiliate kbdi in denver, colorado. it was also accepted for distribution to universities by films media group.

gradually, this website grew into a large hub for accurate information about reincarnation, showcasing the work of the best researchers, and the most convincing cases. however, more than two decades later, all that information is readily available on the internet. i have chosen to narrow the focus to my own research, which predominantly concerns my identified past-life as 19th-century author, activitist and mystic, mathew franklin whittier. the link for viewing the documentary online is still available in the "video" section. the website now features my books, articles, interviews, and a blog. you might also want to check out my video blog, accessible through my youtube channel. or, you can browse my earlier vlog entries in the playlists, by topic.

although i still give away a great deal of free information here, i hope you will support my work by purchasing my books, which will enable me to more effectively educate the public about this crucial topic, reincarnation. besides, while you can get a sense of my work by dipping in here and there, if you really want to understand the depth and breadth of it, diving into the books is the way to go.

best regards, 
stephen sakellarios, m.s.
ssake-at-goldthread-dot-com





 
interviews with
stephen sakellarios
 


how you can help
   support my efforts

 

hardly one among thousands realizes that life lives, and death dies.
inayat khan, the message volumes of inayat khan

 




you are first a child, then grow old and drop the body, but you never die and never were born. in the east, vedantists believe in reincarnation, in innumerable births and deaths, until one attains godhood. the muslims believe in one birth only and one death only. the christians and the zoroastrians the same. all are right. but jesus, buddha, muhammad, zoroaster all meant what i mean by real birth and real death. i say you are born once and die once.
all the so-called births and deaths are only sleeps and wakings. the difference between sleep and death is that when you sleep you awake and find yourself in the same body; but after death you awake in a different body. you never die. only the blessed ones die and become one with god.
meher baba, as only god can love by darwin shaw


 


members of the psychological professions and all other patronizing critics of reincarnation would do well...to do a little self-examination and a little examination of their own unconscious assumptions before publicly condemning something about which they have not taken the trouble to inform themselves well.
gina cerminara, ph.d., many lives, many loves
 

 
i'm bringing back a page from the in another life 
website of 1998 (updated for style), that 
i called the lighter side...

 
 


"the doctrine of metempsychosis is, above all, neither absurd nor useless. it is not more surprising to be born twice than once; everything in nature is resurrection."

francois voltaire, "reincarnation: an east-west anthology" by cranston and head; original source "old truths in a new light" by lady caithness, p. 394.


 



the kingdom is like a man who had a hidden treasure in his field without knowing it. and after he died, he left it to his son. the son did not know (about the treasure). he inherited the field and sold it. and the one who bought it went plowing and found the treasure. he began to lend money at interest to whomever he wished.
jesus, gospel of thomas, nag hammadi documents, passage #109, thomas o. lambdin translation 
interpretation



historically, denial of valid evidence has never affected the validity of the evidence; rather, it has rendered obsolete both the denial and those who deny. if positivistic philosophy and materialistic science continue on their course of denial without investigation, they will join the other categories of obsolete and discarded beliefs.
jerome ellison, the life beyond death



 


music by stephen sakellarios. main logo photograph,
unmanipulated except for slight contrast/color
enhancement, taken by stephen sakellarios
in myrtle beach, sc near the meher spiritual center

 


