















	izaak walton league - national conservation organization

































about


about us


history


our vision


leadership


staff


finances


jobs


diversity, equity and inclusion


who was izaak walton?




events


upcoming events


2025 national convention




media


news room


outdoor america


outdoor america archive


blog




shop









login


logout










chapter resources


officer tools















izaak walton league of america






search














 menu









clean water


stream monitoring


water quality in america


webinars from the experts


resources for monitors




healthy soil


national priorities


climate science and solutions


act for grasslands


usda conservation programs


conservation funding




get outdoors


fishing


hunting


shooting sports


conservation landscaping


preventing invasive species


youth activities




take action


protect wetlands in the farm bill


reduce road salt


nitrate pollution




join


become a national member


find a chapter




donate


donate your vehicle


donate to the izaak walton league trust


leave a bequest


more ways to give



























about us


who we are

over the past 100 years, the izaak walton league of america has been an extraordinary champion and defender of the nation’s soil, air, woods, waters and wildlife. through member-driven bottom-up governance, we're protecting outdoor america in communities across the country, while working strategically at the national level to win critical conservation battles.





what we stand for

clean water
healthy soil
climate solutions
community science
outdoor recreation





frequently searched for

find your local chapter
manage your membership
get updates








our recent work




grid-lock: growing demand strains our power system and climate goals

as demand for electricity soars and suppliers of renewable sources seek connections to consumers, the transmission system—the grid—is in trouble. we will need a combination of better transmission technology, grid capacity and energy storage to meet growing demand and integrate a greater share of renewable sources into a modern grid.
continue reading







when salt of the earth becomes salt in the wound

excessive use of salt does more harm than good, damaging and corroding our infrastructure, polluting streams and lakes, hurting or killing wildlife, sickening pets and can even release lead and other dangerous metals into our drinking water. why do we use so much salt - and how can we do better?
continue reading







nitrate watch annual report

the annual report for nitrate watch’s second season is available to view. this report summarizes participation and engagement in the program in 2024. we analyze the results reported by volunteers across the united states, and we zoom in on regions reporting a high volume of data. 
read the annual report








three things you can do right now




national convention

plan to join us for the 2025 national convention, july 18-19 in green bay, wisconsin. we'll hear from conservation leaders, vote on league policy, and enjoy time with our fellow ikes.

learn more







advocacy 101: speak up for clean water

it is important to speak up for the issues we care about, but it can sometimes feel daunting and difficult to get started. learn from jessica gordon, izaak walton league of america grassroots advocacy manager, about the importance of advocacy and how you can become an effective advocate for water and the environment.
register now







join salt watch

right now is a great time to join salt watch. you can use your salt watch kit to monitor waterways you care about. we want to measure water throughout the year, including before, during, and after winter storms.
get a free salt watch kit








support our work




donate now to secure the future of conservation!

stand with us to defend outdoor america's future. together, we can protect healthy natural resources, pristine landscapes and our outdoor traditions. your gift will be put to work immediately to continue building on the izaak walton league's legacy of conservation leadership.
support our work







join the league

for more than 100 years, the izaak walton league has worked very effectively to achieve practical policies that balance conservation and sustainable use of natural resources. please help us find common-sense solutions to today's serious environmental problems. 

join the league as a national member to support our conservation and advocacy work.
become a member







get league gear

league shirts, hats, pins and more are perfect for showing your commitment to conservation while you enjoy outdoor recreation.
shop now





























izaak walton league of america


























report a problem


privacy policy


non-discrimination policy


legal disclosure and terms of use






© 2015 izaak walton league of america


707 conservation lane • gaithersburg, md  20878 • (301) 548-0150 (main)
info@iwla.org
google maps














