

















police | odessa, tx








  















skip to main content




















file a report


	new - file a police report online (english and spanish)
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 












search







 
 
 


    government      directory      public safety      departments  


 

 

 

 
















 
homepublic safetypolice
















mission statementthe officers of the odessa police department aspire to provide the highest quality police services to the citizens of odessa to ensure a safe, peaceful, and productive community. we are dedicated to maintaining the highest standards of professional ethics and integrity so that we may enforce the ordinance of the city of odessa, the laws of the state of texas, and the united states of america fairly and equitable to all.value statementas law enforcement professionals dedicated to service to the citizens of the city of odessa we value:operational excellencededication and innovationethics and integrityservice and respectsafe and secure communityaccountability and responsibility



 
 



  
 














join our departmentlearn more today










 
 





opd is made up of three bureaus:office of the chief field operations bureau special operations bureauorganizational chartour historyfallen heroes



 
 
 





office of the chief of police:the chief of police serves as the chief administrator of the odessa police department, is responsible for policy development, control, supervision, and program implementation of this department and is accountable for the effective delivery of police services to the community. the chief’s office is the command center of the department and administrates the department’s annual budget.directly under supervision of the chief is the:operations deputy chiefpersonnel specialistresearch and grants specialistsenior administrative assistantintelligence divisionprofessional standardspublic information officerproject manager fiscal affairs coordinator



 
 





message from chief mike gerkeodessa is a unique community, situated in west texas approximately 4-hours from major metropolitan areas. odessa has grown into an oasis in the desert and is home to a thriving economic hub of oil and gas activity. the odessa police department was founded in 1936 with just one police officer serving a population of 2,407. today, we are an agency with over 240 members, and we serve a rapidly growing population of 130,000. annually opd responds to an estimated 270,000 calls for service.you will find throughout our various web, mobile, and social media platforms, opd strives to be an engaged agency heavily involved with the community we serve. each one of our employees takes pride in what they do, they act with integrity and honesty in every facet of our daily functions and maintain steadfast loyalty to our agency’s mission of ensuring a peaceful and productive community. we strive constantly to be highly trained, progressive, and lead the way in law enforcement best practices. our goal is to ensure those that live, work, and visit odessa, do so safely and enjoyably.please explore all that our agency has to offer, we are proud to host an advanced law enforcement academy doing amazing things with regards to training and fostering the growth of our officers and staff. a real-time intelligence center serving the permian basin region and offering advanced technology to bring timely resolutions to crimes committed in our community and region. these are just a few examples of the amazing things our agency is proud of, with countless more to share.at any time, please do not hesitate to contact any of our staff members for assistance.michael gerke, chief of policeodessa police department



 
 
 





join our team:community service officer https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/odessatx/jobs/3235612-107590crime scene unit technician https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/odessatx/jobs/3241886-107590property evidence technician https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/odessatx/jobs/3131025-107590records clerk https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/odessatx/jobs/3121147-107590records supervisor https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/odessatx/jobs/3223073-107590resource specialist https://www.applicantpro.com/openings/odessatx/jobs/3131168-107590



 
 
 



  
 
 





office of the chiefrecords unitthe records unit is responsible for the data entry and maintenance of all reported offenses for our city.supplythe supply unit's responsibilities include the issuance of uniforms, duty gear, and other equipment and supplies necessary for the day-to-day operation of the sworn and civilian staff.community relationscommunity relations officers are committed to public education and community outreach initiatives that make odessa a better place to live and visit.  see some of the programs community relations has to offer below.  sign up: citizen's on patrolcitizen's police academycivilian response to active shooter events (crase)national night outneighborhood watchodessa teddy bear patrolpolice athletic leaguesecurity assessmentstraining the support services division oversees the training function of the department.  many courses at our state-of-the-art training facility are available for outside agencies to attend.  https://bookwhen.com/odessapdintelligence divisionthe intel division is responsible for running the real-time intelligence center (rtic), which is a hub for criminal information and access to real-time technology to deter crime and quickly investigate major crimes occurring in the city of odessa.  professional standardsprofessional standards is responsible for accepting, registering, and thoroughly investigating complaints of alleged misconduct by department employees. this process is carried out with objectivity and impartiality to uphold justice and fairness for both department personnel and the citizens of odessa. citizens wishing to commend an employee or file a complaint may do so by visiting the online police department commendations & complaints ​​​​​



 
 


  
 


  
 


  
 





field operations bureauthe field operations bureau is the largest of the three bureaus and is commanded by deputy chief matt davidson with the assistance of captain darryl smith.the primary mission of the field operations bureau is the prevention and detection of crime and the protection of life and property of all citizens. we understand that each staff member has a unique impact on our community and the lives of those we serve. our staff are held to the highest standards related to professionalism, ethics, integrity, and decency. we take pride in maintaining a staff dedicated to maintaining a safe and secure community, which many call home for their families.the field operations unit is comprised of the:patrol divisionsector map & boundariespolice resource specialistspecial auxiliary teamscommand post response teamcrisis negotiations teamdrone teamhazardous devices team swat team telephone response unittraffic unit



 
 





special operations bureauthe mission of the special operations bureau is the prevention and detection of crime and the protection of life and property of all citizens and is overseen by captain john sikes.  members of this bureau include detectives and investigators who fully investigate incidents that are generated from 911 calls and citizen reports, as well as proactive enforcement of other crimes. the special operations bureau is comprised of the following units:crime scene unitcrime scene forensicsevidence and propertynibincriminal investigations divisionrobbery/homicide unitpersons unit property unitpolygraph examinersspecial investigations division violent crime task force crime victim's liaison



 
 
 







faqs








how can i get a copy of a police report?


how can i check if someone is in jail and how do i get them out?


how can i register my residential or business alarm?




view all




/faq.aspx




 
 







important links







file a police report online (english)



file a police report online (spanish)



make a complaint





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 





police servicessex offender compliance family violence resourceshire an off-duty officercrime statisticscrime victim informationpermits and inspectionsunidentified propertycrime victim informationobtaining a police report or recordaccident reportslicense plate readers



 
 





employmentsalary and benefitsrequirementstraining division/police academypolice academy applications



 
 
 









 










     





 
 
 



 






 
 
 














meetings & agendasfind the latest city agendas & minutes.








animal servicesview contact information.








report city issuesapplication information.








job openingsfind current job openings.








pay utility billeasily pay your bills online.








public records requeststay informed with us.










 
 
 



 














city of odessa
 




411 w 8th street
 




odessa, tx 79760
 




phone:432-335-3200
 




department directory
 










  
 
 














odessa fire rescue







odessa police







municipal court







development





















/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









