



human first, then a proud iranian



























	               human first, then a proud iranian
	               
this blog represents the way i see some of the most significant events impacting the world and its citizens. this blog also represents how i react to the events as a member of humanity with a voice, a determined voice that insists to be heard. the voice of an iranian who loves his country but his priority is humanity; humanity without border. i will say what i want to say, when i want to say it, and how i want to say it, but i will never lie. i will also listen; i promise.













in their memory
we can climb up again
disaster in haiti: haitian children need you; don'...
this is our land
fairly accurate analysis of the situation in iran
the man who stood up to khomeini
updates on iran for english speaking readers
ahmadinejad at his best
ahmadinejad: a shared gift
no way through





july 2003
august 2003
september 2003
october 2003
november 2003
december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
april 2010
may 2010






may 11, 2010



                      	 
                      	 in their memory
	                       
                          

in the memory of those bright children of iran who have been killed by the barbarian regime of khamenei:labels: crimes against humanity, human rights

posted by faramin | 9:23 p.m.

 




 | 
april 07, 2010



                      	 
                      	 we can climb up again
	                       
                          

despite all its ups and downs, there are good reasons to be proud of our history:iran, seven faces of civilization (in 6 parts)labels: civilization

posted by faramin | 12:11 p.m.

 




 | 
january 14, 2010



                      	 
                      	 disaster in haiti: haitian children need you; don't disappoint them
	                       
                          

please donate: "doctors without borders", or any other organization you may feel more comfortable with.what would you expect from the world if you yourself were in the same situation?let me borrow this line from somewhere that i read it:"empathy; it's what makes us human"labels: disasters, humanity

posted by faramin | 5:32 a.m.

 




 | 
january 05, 2010



                      	 
                      	 this is our land
	                       
                          

labels: iran

posted by faramin | 10:38 p.m.

 




 | 
january 01, 2010



                      	 
                      	 fairly accurate analysis of the situation in iran
	                       
                          

this is a fairly accurate summary analysis of the situation in iran up to january 1, 2010labels: iran

posted by faramin | 12:05 p.m.

 




 | 
december 20, 2009



                      	 
                      	 the man who stood up to khomeini
	                       
                          

mr. montazeri died, or did he?!he was with khomeini during the fights against the shah regime. then he became second to khomeini after the revolution. he would be the leader of the country after the death of khomeini if he had just kept his mouth shut and had not continued criticizing khomeini. he did not hesitate criticizing khomeini when necessary. the peak of his criticisms was in 1989 when hundreds of iranian youth were being executed by khomeini's regime every day. as a result of challenging khomeini on that, he was disapproved by khomeini. after the death of khomeini, he was practically put on house arrest by ali khamenei's for about 20 years. in recent years, montazeri directly challenged the regime and was becoming a serious threat to the regime. he was the moral support for the people and their struggle against the regime.i never thought that i would ever shed tears for a cleric, but i did today and was saddened for the loss of this man; man of dignity and high principles. i pay my sincere respect to this man and will forever remember him as a man who did not sell his dignity in exchange of being in power.

posted by faramin | 12:14 a.m.

 




 | 
december 07, 2009



                      	 
                      	 updates on iran for english speaking readers
	                       
                          

recently, i haven't been writing much in my english blog. however, for those english speaking readers of my blog who would like to know more about the events in iran, i would suggest to visit hundreds of other blogs about iran. one that i notice being updated regularly is neo-resistance by naj. even most of persian contents are translated to english for those who do not know persian. keep up the good work naj!labels: iran

posted by faramin | 9:40 p.m.

 




 | 



                      	 
                      	 ahmadinejad at his best
	                       
                          

this idiot is not my president!he doesn't even look like us!labels: humor, iran

posted by faramin | 3:56 p.m.

 




 | 
december 01, 2009



                      	 
                      	 ahmadinejad: a shared gift
	                       
                          

how true!iranian regime and the israeli zionists: same sh*ts from different pileslabels: common grounds; israel and iran regime

posted by faramin | 11:22 p.m.

 




 | 
november 27, 2009



                      	 
                      	 no way through
	                       
                          

just got this from a friend: let's remember; brutality is more wide spread that we might think and has several different faces; all of them ugly.labels: human rights, palestinian issue

posted by faramin | 9:02 p.m.

 




 | 
october 21, 2009



                      	 
                      	 antisocial: an interesting book by a decent american
	                       
                          

get it! read it!labels: culture, social issues

posted by faramin | 11:15 p.m.

 




 | 
october 17, 2009



                      	 
                      	 serioulsy...., well, not quite
	                       
                          

bush, cheney, rove and rumsfeld were sitting in a bar. a guy approaches and inquires, "what are you guys up to?"rove: "we are planning for world war iii."guy: "really, what's going to happen?"rove: " well, this time we are going to kill 140 million middle easterns and angelina jolie..!"guy: "angelina jolie? why angelina jolie?"rove turns to the rest of the gang and says: "see! i told you,  no one would worry about 140 million people from middle east!!!!!!!!!'labels: fun, humor

posted by faramin | 4:55 p.m.

 




 | 
september 26, 2009



                      	 
                      	 the west at the service of israel..., nothing new!
	                       
                          

these days the installed iranian president has been busy bullshiting again at the united nations. similar repeated bullshits to what he's been saying during his last 5 speeches at the un. but what is more disgusting is the reaction of western leaders.i am sick and tired of hearing the western countries bitching about ahmadinejad's comments about holocaust and/or bitching about iran's nuclear activities. as an iranian, like majority of iranians, these are not my immediate concerns; not even my second degree concerns. there are many other issues that are my main concerns; violation of human rights and iranian regime's fight against peoples' desire for democracy in iran are my main concerns. i don't give a damn what he says about holocaust. the zionists keep using it so much that it has become more like "holocaust industry", so to make sure no one dares to criticize israel. and ahmadinejad talks about it because he knows that by using it he can distract the world's attention from more tangible issues such as iranian peoples' struggle against the regime. but what western countries do is nothing but kissing israel's ass, again. let's say, the idiot fake president of iran stops talking about israel and holocaust, or even decides to become friend with israel (another criminal and internationally hated regime); let's say, the iranian regime decides that iran is stopping all its nuclear activities and is going to be friend with the rest of the world. then what? then, i am sure most of the concerns and conflicts with the west will go away. why? because western leaders don't give a damn about iranian people and their struggle with this regime.that's why nothing should be tied to iran's policies towards israel, holocaust and/or iran's nuclear activities. otherwise, west will once again exchange integrity with its interests and western interests are not necessarily in line with iranian peoples' basic interests. so in short, screw the west. let's have our own way without relying on these bastards.labels: democracy, human rights, nuclear issues

posted by faramin | 5:40 a.m.

 




 | 
august 26, 2009



                      	 
                      	 on the passing of edward kennedy
	                       
                          

internally, he spoke for the poor, put efforts for human rights, labour rights and democracy. externally, he opposed some policies of aggression that the united states was exercising around the world, for instance he was against vietnam war and not to mention his efforts against the criminal administration of george bush. edward kennedy (1932 - 2009)died last night from cancer for which he was diagnosed about a year ago. at least relatively speaking, world has lost a good man and for that i offer my condolences... .labels: us politics

posted by faramin | 5:05 a.m.

 




 | 
august 23, 2009



                      	 
                      	 yes you bastards, sweden fails to intervene but ...
	                       
                          

i agree completely with the israeli fascist leaders that in case of serious allegations by a swedish newspaper against israel for harvesting the organs of the dead palestinians, swedish officials have failed to intervene. but unlike what these criminals want, the swedish officials should intervene against israel and not for israel as we all know how capable these bastards are in committing any crime. every bit of their shitty history is linked to committing crimes against humanity.labels: human rights, mass murder, war crimes

posted by faramin | 3:05 p.m.

 




 | 
august 03, 2009



                      	 
                      	 this monkey is not our president! don't deal with him!
	                       
                          

major western countries have almost always sacrificed the truth and decency in order to maintain their interests; legitimate or not.in short, western claim of respecting democracy is nothing but a big lie. mahmoud ahmadinejad was officially installed today as president of iran despite widespread evidence of fraud in his favour during the so-called presidential elections in iran.the world knows that he is not our president and now the question is that what the world, particularly the distrusted western leaders will do. will they deal with him just like nothing has happened and maintain their indecent tradition of being jerks or will they at least limit their relations with him to the minimum limits that are diplomatically required?we will see!labels: democracy, iran

posted by faramin | 9:33 a.m.

 




 | 
july 12, 2009



                      	 
                      	 great people of iran - people and power
	                       
                          

labels: democracy, human rights

posted by faramin | 5:21 a.m.

 




 | 
july 07, 2009



                      	 
                      	 a song for iran and its courageous people
	                       
                          

labels: democracy, human rights, iran

posted by faramin | 11:05 p.m.

 




 | 
july 04, 2009



                      	 
                      	 happy 4th of july, us's independence day
	                       
                          

well, with mr. obama as the president, 4th of july makes even more sense. happy 4th of july to decent americans.labels: celebrations

posted by faramin | 7:51 a.m.

 




 | 
july 03, 2009



                      	 
                      	 airbus a300, flight #655
	                       
                          

mr. obama!please offer a sincere apology; not to the government but to the people of iran, for this crime that happened 21 years ago by the us navy against about 300 civilians in that flight.as i said it before, it shall never be forgotten, but a sincere apology from an apparently decent us official would help healing of the wounds.labels: mass murder

posted by faramin | 6:12 p.m.

 




 | 
july 01, 2009



                      	 
                      	 happy canada day!
	                       
                          

happy july the 1st, canada day!labels: celebrations

posted by faramin | 6:12 a.m.

 




 | 
june 29, 2009



                      	 
                      	 persian fluenecy required
	                       
                          

labels: culture, democracy, human rights

posted by faramin | 8:41 p.m.

 




 | 
june 22, 2009



                      	 
                      	 killings after the green light for killings
	                       
                          

mr. khamenei, she was killed following the green light for killing that you showed to your followers a day before. she, like many others, was killed because you wanted her to be killed so to save your little empire. you are no better than those israeli fascists who have been busy doing the same for years despite your claim of being different.one day mr. khamenei, you will be held accountable for this and many other perished lives such as hers. her eyes, moments before her unwilling departure, are demanding this from us.labels: human rights, life, political murder

posted by faramin | 12:53 a.m.

 




 | 
june 20, 2009



                      	 
                      	 iran is boiling! beware of the foreign gifts to the regime.
	                       
                          

yes, iran is at a critical point of its history. this may be the beginning of an end for the regime in iran. do i want them to fall in a violent way? i am not sure. but there is one thing i am sure about: they will not fall easily. i know that this would be very costly to the country  and to my people. the regime in iran will not hesitate to commit any crime, any massacre of the public in order to be in power for a bit longer. there will be no limit to, to what extend they are willing to go in cracking down any voice of opposition. they are simply ruthless and will go as far as it takes regardless of the cost to people of iran. my feeling says that they should go as fast as possible but hey, i am here in the other side of the world in vancouver, canada. it is easy for me to subscribe peoples' action against the regime. i'll be safe, but my people will not.perhaps one other option is for the regime to remain in power, but begin to fade out. this may have more gradual impact to the change, but at least fewer people will die.let me put it this way: if we agree that they do have their followers in the country. if we agree that, at least 5% of people are their followers. if we agree that from that 5%, 1% are true followers who act based on nothing but religious beliefs, and if we agree that when there is a question of religion, humanity takes the back seat, then we have to agree that 1% of the population: 700,000 dumb idiots will act fearlessly and will do anything to save their "religion"; anything! even if that means killing thousands of people. now, let's see how easy it is to kill! imagine only one of these idiots, equipped with all kind of weapons decides to go to one of the busy parts of the city, take his weapons out and kill as many as possible. after all, he sees them all as the enemies of his religion who were not loyal to the leadership. now, multiply this by 700,000. too much? ok! 500,000. no? let’s say 50,000. yes, they can devastate lives.having said this, i have to admit that we, who live in outside of the country have no right to tell the people in iran how to deal with this regime. it will turn out that we are behind the people, by miles. let them lead us. let's only support what they choose to do. it is a critical time and the regime has shown that they are very capable of using unpleasant events to their benefits. in first couple of years after the revolution, iran was perhaps one of (if not the) most democratic countries in the world. despite the wishes of the regime and its leaders, people kept pushing for their legitimate demands. but there was no crack down. there couldn't be. until, iraq (with the help and encouragement from most of the western countries) attacked iran and the war began. that was nothing but a gift to the ever weakening regime to use the war as an excuse to crack down on peoples' rights and demands. in short, that war solidified the regime in iran; other wise the regime would have been long gone by now (i have written about this before).now similar situation can do the same for the regime. there should be no doubt that religious rights, from all religions, feed each other in the time of need. this is despite their publicly opposing each other: republicans in the us, israeli regime and the regime in iran. they have always helped each other (i have also written about this before). there should be no doubt that, for instance, israel would love to see ahmadinejad in power in iran. this would allow israel to put more pressure on the obama's us to be harsher on iran. now, the nightmare will happen if israel used the opportunity to attack iran's, say, nuclear facilities. this will not kill the regime, but it will allow it to use it, just like what they did with iraq war, to once agian consolidate their grip on power and crack down on people's rights. this is of course coupled with the unfortunate fact that such an attack can change priorities of many decent people as well and as a result, weaken the movement.so, i am just hoping such an attack does not happen, otherwise, my country's prosperity will be once again delayed and who knows for how long. and then, i for one, will more than ever hate the criminal leaders.labels: democracy, iran

posted by faramin | 9:11 p.m.

 




 | 
may 24, 2009



                      	 
                      	 not turture? try it on cheney
	                       
                          

try this on the angry bastard dick cheney and then put him on trial for this and millions of other crimes he has lead the us to commit.good for you mr. obama for stopping (or trying to stop) this barbaric practice, but you are wrong by calling this "a thing of the past". if there is no accountability, then this will happen again at one point or another. watch this interview that reveals the fact that it should not be mr. obama's decision how to deal with the cxrimes committed by the bush administration. if there is a lwa in place, then who is mr. obama to say no, and if there is no law in place, then is this the "land of liberty, law and order" that the us has always claimed to be?labels: torture, us politics

posted by faramin | 8:24 p.m.

 




 | 
april 30, 2009



                      	 
                      	 a little fun
	                       
                          

labels: culture, fun

posted by faramin | 9:41 p.m.

 




 | 
april 20, 2009



                      	 
                      	 olbermann:"president obama, you are wrong"
	                       
                          

here is one more good reason why keith olbermann is different than most of ass-hole american journalists who have always acted as apologizers for the cia and those in power.labels: bush, human rights, torture

posted by faramin | 8:55 p.m.

 




 | 
april 13, 2009



                      	 
                      	 what to believe! what to believe!
	                       
                          

who really are the "pirates"?labels: propaganda

posted by faramin | 9:11 p.m.

 




 | 
april 11, 2009



                      	 
                      	 the bush gang should not get away with what they have done!
	                       
                          

what kind of standard will be set if a criminal gang cause millions of deaths as well as clear violation of human rights in its most barbaric manner, and get away with it? where would the world be going if these bastards are not punished? "we need to look forward as opposed to looking backwards," president obama answered when asked whether he would investigate america's worst human rights abuses since world war ii. that's it? that's all for accountability? every second in history becomes a past moment after a second. so with this logic of president obama, every criminal should only survive a second after his crime to become immune from prosecution. with this logic, german nazis would have had immunity after their defeat in the war. really! what kind of logic is this mr. obama?if president obama doesn't want to and/or doesn't have the courage to investigate war crimes committed by the wild dogs of bush administration, there are other people with courage and/or resolve who are trying to do mr. obama's job for him. spanish prosecutor baltasar garzón, the crusading prosecutor who went after general augusto pinochet in the '90s, will likely subpoena the dirty half dozen within the next few weeks. "it would have been impossible to structure a legal framework that supported what happened [in guantánamo]" without gonzales and his pals," argues the criminal complaint filed in madrid.when the six miscreants ignore their court dates (as they surely will), spain will issue international arrest warrants enforceable in the 25 countries that are party to european extradition treaties. yes, i am excited about this. not for revenge but for the sake of justice. these war criminals must be held accountable for what they have done; otherwise, there will be not much hope for one day elimination of war crimes and human rights abuses by other leaders elsewhere in the world.labels: human rights, torture, war crimes

posted by faramin | 9:23 a.m.

 




 | 
april 10, 2009



                      	 
                      	 musical water works in tehran's mellat park
	                       
                          

labels: celebrations

posted by faramin | 5:16 a.m.

 




 | 
march 24, 2009



                      	 
                      	 president obama's message to iran
	                       
                          

i watched us president, barak obama's norouz massage to iranian people and iranian leaders and found it to be very interesting. however this interview brings up some very important aspects of the massage that also need to be taken into account when evaluating obama's message.labels: iran-us relations, israeli lobby

posted by faramin | 10:46 p.m.

 




 | 
march 20, 2009



                      	 
                      	 happy norouz; the iranian new year
	                       
                          

spring is here; therefore, so is norouz; the iranian new year. consider this clip of the manipulative jocker as a new year present from me!labels: celebrations, media

posted by faramin | 1:58 p.m.

 




 | 




 
		  		
















human first, then a proud iraniantop iran blogs
