




















			heartsong australian labradoodles. puppy availabiity, labradoodle information, labradoodle breeder information, and heartsong labradoodle news
		












heartsong australian labradoodles
breeding authentic australian labradoodles since 2004


menu

home 
adoption
about the breed
            
about the australian labradoodle
breed standard
labradoodles as therapy dogs
therapy dog links
research bibliograpy


our dogs
        

                our current labradoodles 


                retired labradoodle hall of fame

past litters
certified therapy dogs


about us
        
our passion
code of ethics
adoption considerations
health guarantee
adoption application


photos and video
        
recent adoptions
heartsong's family album
fun photo gallery
video gallery
2004 chicago doodle romp


contact us

links
            
australian labradoodle stud service available
useful links
privacy policy



australian labradoodle stud service available
useful links
privacy policy





























































sapphire's puppies
    sapphire's puppies have all been adopted and are now with their families.  what an exciting time this was! we are looking forward to updates from the families and will post updates and photos as we receive them.  be sure to check back for news on planned litters.

photos and video updated on april 30, 2017

sapphire gave birth to 10 healthy puppies on march 10th, 2017. she had 5 boys and 5 girls.  all are the most gorgeous red.  mom and puppies are doing great and, as usual, sapphire is an excellent mother. we are very excited about watching these puppies grow.  puppies will be headed to their homes on may 5th.  check back weekly for updated photos and videos.




sapphire



cappyphoto courtesy of tuscan ridge labradoodles



sapphire



cappyphoto courtesy of tuscan ridge labradoodles




heartsong ain't misbehavin ~ sapphire sapphire is our dream dog. she has a very soft fleece coat, beautiful boning, and has perfect conformation. sapphire looks deep into my eyes when i talk to her as though she is processing my words (and i truly believe that she is). sapphire has her akc star puppy certification. she is gentle beyond words. when she runs, it is perfection. her favorite thing to do is to run in the woods. her second favorite thing to do is lay real close while i read or watch tv. sapphire is apricot in color and weighs 50 pounds. she comes from my foundation line out tegan park flame/heartsong ruby (our 4th generation out of tegan park). our beautiful pearl is her mother. this line is very precious to me and i think she is perfection. this is sapphire's third and final litter.
        

tuscan ridge rocco cappuccino ~ cappy cappy is 20 inches tall, weighs 47 pounds. teresa describes cappy as "darkest red you'll ever see."  she says, "he is the life of the party when there are lots of dogs around! he is playful, loveable, and fantastic with kids.... he takes a  lot of kisses and hugs with toddlers." cappy is very red, has great boning, ultra soft beyond words and is definitely therapy material. thank you teresa for sharing your gorgeous boy with heartsong.
        

photos and video of sapphire puppies
photos and video of sapphire and cappy's last litter
sapphire's photo album
all about sapphire
adoption application














<
 > 
x










































































































a very special girl






teal ribbon girl


we are very pleased to announce that savannah's teal ribbon girl will be joining jane
            markham and her therapy dog gus as a therapy dog at jane's school. there she will help children who
            anxious, shy, or withdrawn to feel safe and comfortable. given her sweet and loving temperament, we think she will make a wonderful
            therapy dog. jane and gus are doing wonderful work at their school and we are so proud that another of our dogs will participate in this work.  you can read more about jane and gus here.


recent litters






sparky



rasa





sierra vista lil miss firecracker at heartsong ~ sparky
photos and video updated september 18, 2016
sparky gave birth to 9 puppies on july 27, 2016. she had 5 girls and 4 boys.  puppies are black, chocolate, and one creme. sparky is so proud of her babies. she just beams when you come in to look at them. she is also a great mother. mom and babies are doing great. we think these will be spectacular puppies. both parents have gorgeous coats, great conformation, and loving temperaments.
sierra vista lil miss firecracker at heartsong ~ sparky sparky is owned and loved by agnes and brandon. she is a huge hit everywhere she goes! and she goes everywhere! agnes even takes her to mass. sparky is one of those dogs that makes eye contact with great intensity and i expect her to start talking at any moment. her structure is perfect. she has nice boning, good movement, perfect conformation. she loves everyone, especially agnes and brandon. she lived with me for two years so i am her second mom.  she has the softest, most beautiful single wool coat. this coat helps her offspring to continue to be low to non shedding. she is incredibly smart and could easily be a therapy dog.
        
rasa
        rasa, who known and loved by is forever family as milo, is our beautiful boy out of our beloved georgia and chance. rasa weighs 45 lbs, is perfectly balanced and structured, and has his mother's beautiful chocolate fleece coat with golden highlights. he has a comical personality and is very loving. at the vet's office he was friendly with every person and dog that came into the office. it was as if he were the official greeter. rasa is out of old tegan park and rutland manor lines that have produced many therapy dogs. we are very excited to see his first puppies.
    


all about sparky
all about rasa
adoption application










                    savannah
                




                    usherphoto courtesy of country labradoodles



savannah and usher puppies born july 20, 2016
photo's and video updated on september 5, 2016
savannah gave birth 5 beautiful girls and 3 gorgeous boys on july 20, 2016. puppies are creme, caramel, and chocolate. savannah is such a devoted mother.  she is taking wonderful care of her babies. oh my, they are adorable!

heartsong savannah sunrise ~ savannah savannah is a gorgeous girl with the softest fleece coat, gorgeous green eyes and the sought after temperament of the well bred australian labradoodle. savannah has caramel coloring and stunning green eyes. she weighs 42 pounds, is very balanced, has great movement, and perfect conformation. she is the third generation from lines we imported from australia. her grandmother is our famous irish rose and her mom is our beloved mattie who retired in 2012 after a spectacular career of producing some wonderful therapy lines. savannah lives in louisville with her best friend, lily, a pet australian labradoodle from our wonderful scottie. helen, savannah's guardian, describes her as "loving, cute, playfully mischievous, and a beautiful blonde."  thank you helen for taking such good care of savannah.
        
country labradoodles country the voice ~ usherelizabeth ferris, usher's breeder, describes usher as 'perfection' and we agree.  usher is loving, athletic, and devoted to his family.  he has great conformation and a stunning dark chocolate, wavy/curly fleece coat. usher is 23 inches tall and weighs 59 pounds. he has great health scores and ranks in the 90th percentile for pennhip, which is very, very good.

photo's and video
photos and video of savannah's last litter
savannah's photo album
all about savannah
all about usher
adoption application




recent adoptions



family updates



guardian program



new additions



certified therapy dogs




				professional associations


"you can judge the moral progress of a nation by how its animals are treated" - mahatma gandhi
copy right © 2018 heartsong labradoodles, llc
privacy policy
site map









