















is he cheating on you? - 829 telltale signs














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






is he cheating on you? - 829 telltale signs



is he cheating on you? – 829 telltale signs by infidelity expert ruth houston documents practically every known sign of infidelity, including the subtle signs most people usually overlook.  despite the title, most of the signs in the book apply to both cheating women and cheating men.




















major categories of infidelity signs












there are 21 categories of infidelity
signs you should be aware of if you want to accurately assess whether or not
your mate is cheating on you.  any person
- male or female - who is cheating will display multiple
telltale signs from
several of the 21 major categories of cheating signs below.



not every sign will apply
to every cheating mate.  and since
no two cheaters will display exactly the same signs of infidelity, knowing what
to look for is the key.  



21 major categories of infidelity signs

•    physical appearance – 76
signs   

•    how your spouse relates
to you – 70 signs  

•    conversational clues –
70 signs   

•    work habits – 39 signs
      

•    day-to-day behavior – 92
signs     

•    financial affairs – 52
signs           

•    travel – 27 signs  
                     

•    personality changes – 36
signs              

•    absences – 39 signs
                   

•    telephone tip-offs – 76
signs                

•    car clues – 40 signs
                  

•    sex – 37 signs  
                     

•    eating habits – 31 signs
                    

•    tastes and smells – 21
signs                

•    invasion of your home –
22 signs            

•    gifts – 19 signs  
                      

•    computer use – 30 signs
                    

•    cell phones and pagers –
28 signs                

•    physical evidence – 32
signs                

•    behavior around members
of the opposite sex – 71 signs

•    accidental slip-ups and
disclosures – 57 signs           

                    

you’ll notice that each of the major categories consists of multiple
telltale signs.  while some of the infidelity signs in these 21 categories
may be obvious, the majority of the signs are subtle and easy to overlook.  but if you
know what to look for, all you need to spot them are your own eyes and ears and
your personal knowledge of your mate.



as previously mentioned, no two cheaters will display the exact same signs of infidelity. and not
every sign will apply to every cheating mate. 




the specific signs you find
will apply to your marriage/relationship, your spouse or significant other, the
type of infidelity involved, and how long the affair has been going on.



is he cheating on you? – 829 telltale signs is still the only infidelity reference
book on the market that documents practically every known sign of infidelity,
including the subtle signs most people usually overlook.  no spyware or
surveillance equipment is required since any of the signs can be spotted using nothing more than your
own eyes and ears, your personal knowledge of your mate, and the information
contained in the book.  



don’t be the last to
know.  find out before it’s too
late.  order your personal copy of is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs
today.



click here to buy the soft cover version of is he cheating on you? 829 telltale
signs ($29.95) from  amazon.com 



click here to buy the e-book version is he cheating on you? 829 telltale
signs ($37) from  booklocker.com 





special discount offer


$20 - while supplies last








is he cheating on you? 829
telltale signs is currently
being updated.  meanwhile, a limited number of the original softcover version
of is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs are available directly
from the author for the discounted price of $20 (+ $3.50 shipping and handling).

  

to order your personal copy for 
the discounted price of  $23.50 (includes
shipping and handling) click
here or use the buy button below










free infidelity information for you  

 


to receive monthly
infidelity information (tips, little-known signs of infidelity, practical
advice) from infidelity expert ruth houston, on dealing with all aspects of
infidelity, e-mail infidelityatoz@gmail.com
 





posted by



ruth houston







no comments:
  
































18 relationship problems 'is he cheating on you' can help you solve








up to  80% of all relationships are affected either
directly or indirectly by some form of infidelity. (sexual infidelity,
emotional infidelity, workplace infidelity, same sex infidelity, financial
infidelity, online or internet infidelity.



that’s why male or
female, married or single, a good infidelity reference book like is
he cheating on you? – 829 telltale signs is one of the best investments
you can make in your future current or future relationship – regardless of
whether or not you have a cheating mate.



below are 18
infidelity-related relationship problems is
he cheating on you? – 829 telltale signs 
can help you solve.   

you want to spare
     yourself the hurt, humiliation, and heartbreak of being the last to know
     your mate is cheating on you.
you suspect
     your partner of cheating and want to know for sure. note: 
     is he cheating on you contains dozens upon dozens of subtle signs
     of infidelity that most people usually overlook.
you already
     know your spouse or significant other is cheating but you need to get additional
     proof. note:  is he cheating on you includes telltale
     signs that “experienced” or “cautious” cheaters don’t even realize they’re
     displaying, thus would never think to cover up.   
you’re trying
     to reconcile with a cheating mate and want to make sure they’re not still
     seeing their secret lover behind your back.  
you’re a
     single person who’s dating and want to be familiar with the signs of a
     cheating mate.
you’re a man
     who thinks his wife or girlfriend might be cheating and want to know the telltale
     signs.  note: 
     despite the title, most of the signs in is he cheating on you apply
     to both cheating women and cheating men.
you want to
     prove your partner is not cheating, so you can set your mind at ease and
     avoid falsely accusing an innocent mate.
you've been
     cheated on before and want to know what signs of infidelity you missed so
     you won’t find yourself in that position again.
you want to
     know the signs of impending infidelity, so you can nip it in the bud
     before it becomes a full-blown affair. 
     
you want to
     know if your husband is cheating far enough in advance to protect yourself
     legally and financially.  
you suspect
     infidelity, can’t afford to hire a private investigator to find out the
     truth or get proof.  note: 
     is he cheating on you includes signs of infidelity even a private
     investigator would be hard-pressed to find without input from you.
 you think your spouse or significant
     other might be cheating but you’d rather not get involved with spyware,
     electronic gadgets, or expensive surveillance equipment.  note:  all the signs of infidelity in is he
     cheating on you can be found using just your own eyes and ears, your
     personal knowledge of your mate, and the information in the book.
you want to
     know if your partner is sleeping around because you’re concerned about
     your health and want to protect yourself from sexually transmitted
     diseases.
you don’t want
     to sit back and be a helpless victim of infidelity.    


you want an
     easy, affordable, and accurate way to catch your cheating mate.
you’ve heard
     rumors about your mate cheating and want to prove the rumors false.
you want a
     discreet way to check on your spouse or significant other without them
     knowing what you’re doing.
 you have
     a friend or family member who’s being cheated on, and you don't want to be
     the bearer of bad news.  give them a
     good infidelity reference book so they can find out on their own.


in every one of the
18 situations above, knowing what to look for is the key, which is why is he
cheating on you? – 829 telltale signs
can be a tremendous help.



order your personal copy today.



soft cover version
of   is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs  is available from  amazon ($29.95)



e-book version is he
cheating on you? 829 telltale signs is available
from  booklocker.com ($37)


note: the e-book version contains a special bonus section with
questionnaires, brief “is she cheating?”
section for men, and “affair recovery” guide.)  






special discount offer

$20 - while supplies last




is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs is currently being updated.  meanwhile, a limited number of the original softcover version of is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs are available directly from the author for the discounted price of $20 (+ $3.50 shipping and handling).



to order your personal copy for  the discounted price of  $23.50 (includes shipping and handling) click here or use the buy button below:














    

order your discounted copy today while supplies last.





more infidelity information 

to receive monthly
infidelity information (tips, little-known signs of infidelity, practical
advice) from infidelity expert ruth houston, on dealing with all aspects of
infidelity, e-mail infidelityatoz@gmail.com  



note:  please
feel free to tweet this article, like it, or share it
with your facebook friends.





posted by



ruth houston







no comments:
  
































is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs






loved by women, hated by cheating men









is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs is a comprehensive
infidelity reference book that documents practically every known sign of
infidelity. no other infidelity book contains as many telltale signs.    based
on years of research by infidelity expert ruth houston, is he cheating on you contains much more than the so-called “classic”
signs of infidelity.  this book is packed
with also includes dozens upon dozens of infidelity signs  that most people usually overlook, including numerous
subtle signs of infidelity even cautious cheaters are unaware of displaying and
thus would never even think to cover  up.



this easy-to-read
and straight-to-the-point, 192-page book contains hundreds of infidelity signs that
are conveniently grouped into categories so you can easily find the signs that
apply to your relationship, or your mate. 




categories
include:

·        
work habits

·        
conversational clues
·        
day-to-day behavior
·        
telephone tip-offs

·        
how he relates to you

·        
car clues

·        
physical appearance

·        
his behavior around other women

·        
financial affairs

·        
and more.  (see sidebar for complete list)


each category contains from 19 to 92 telltale signs, all of which  can be found using nothing more than your own
eyes and ears, your personal knowledge of your mate, and the information in
this book.  no
software, electronic gadgets, or surveillance equipment required.   



despite the title,
most of the signs of infidelity in is he
cheating on you apply to both cheating women and cheating men. written by
an internationally-recognized infidelity expert who is frequently called on by
the media to comment on infidelity issues in the news, is he cheating on you can help you uncover all kinds of infidelity.
since no two cheaters display exactly the same telltale
signs, knowing what to look for is the key.

included in the
book are:



signs which can help you determine the identity of the “other woman” or the “other man”
signs practically impossible for even “experienced” cheaters to conceal
signs even a private investigator would be hard-pressed to find without input from you.
signs most people usually overlook
little-known signs not found in any other infidelity book



given the rapidly rising rate of infidelity, is he cheating on you by infidelity
expert ruth houston should be mandatory reading for anyone in a relationship, regardless
of whether they suspect infidelity or not. 



if
your spouse or significant other is cheating, is he cheating on you will help you find out fast. if your mate is not cheating, is he cheating on you can put your mind at ease by helping
you disprove what you suspect, and keep you from falsely accusing an innocent
mate. 



drawing
on 9 years of in-depth research on infidelity which began when she accidentally
discovered her now ex-husband's affair 20 years ago, infidelity expert, ruth
houston has written a practical, no-nonsense infidelity reference book that will serve you well for
many years to come.




to order your
personal copy of is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs from amazon.com ($29.95),
click here.  to order the e-book
version from booklocker.com
($37), click here. (note: the e-book version contains a special bonus
section with questionnaires, an “affair recovery” guide, and  brief “is
she cheating?” section for men.)  



order your personal copy today.



more infidelity information for you 

to receive monthly
infidelity information (tips, little-known signs of infidelity, practical
advice) from infidelity expert ruth houston, on dealing with all aspects of
infidelity, e-mail infidelityatoz@gmail.com  



soft cover version
of   is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs
from amazon ($29.95)


e-book version is he
cheating on you? 829 telltale signs from booklocker.com ($37)
note: the e-book version also contains a special bonus section with questionnaires,
an “affair recovery” guide, and  brief “is she cheating?” section for men.)  







special discount offer

$20 - while supplies last




is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs is currently being updated.  meanwhile, a limited number of the original softcover version of is he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs are available directly from the author for the discounted price of $20 (+ $3.50 shipping and handling).



to order your personal copy for  the discounted price of  $23.50 (includes shipping and handling) click here or use the buy button below.






















posted by



ruth houston







no comments:
  

























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)







buy nowsoft cover book $29.95  from amazon.come-book with special bonus section $37 from booklocker.comspecial discount offer $20 - while supplies lastis he cheating on you? 829 telltale signs is currently being updated.  remaining copies of the softcover version are available for the discounted price of $20 + shipping & handling ($3.50)  use the buy button below.








as seen on the today show, good morning america, the morning show with mike and juliet, fox & friends, cnn, abc news, nbc news, and mentioned in usa today, the new york times, the wall street journal, the los angeles times, the new york daily news, the chicago tribune, cosmopolitan, chatelaine, macleans, and many others too numerous to mention.



$20 + $3.50 shipping & handling










blog archive





january (3)
      







21 categories of infidelity signsphysical appearance76 signshow your mate relates to you70 signsconversational clues70 signswork habits39 signsday-to-day behavior92 signsfinancial affairs52 signstravel27 signspersonality changes36 signsabsences39 signstelephone tip-offs76 signscar clues40 signssex37 signseating habits31 signstastes and smells21 signsinvasion of your home22 signsgifts19 signscomputer use30 signscell phones and pagers28 signsphysical evidence32 signsbehavior around members of the opposite sex71 signsaccidental slip-ups and disclosures57 signsorder your personal copy today. soft cover book ($29.95) from amazon.com  e-book with special bonus section ($37) from booklocker.com













 


















