









home



















































skip to content
jump to main navigation and login

nav view search
navigation

home


search


search ...  




 




you are here: home



latest articles




				welcome			





login form



username



password



remember me









		forgot your password?



		forgot your username?












			welcome		


details

		hits: 207632		

 




please read this disclaimer carefully before participating in the comments section, as the use of the comments feature constitutes your agreement with the rules.
background:recently, comments were disabled due to various individuals posting links with potentially harmful code/apps that could have compromised your computer or electronic device. as a result, comments were moderated for a couple of days to deter said individuals. as of today sunday, june 10, 2018, comments are now back in real-time status and will remain as such indefinitely.
warning

be aware that comments are the sole responsibility of the poster and participating in the comments constitutes your agreement with the rules of the calabasashigh.com website. the operator/owner is not responsible for comments made by individuals posting on this website.
this website is for people to vent and share concerns pertaining to the subject which has brought you here today, it is not a platform to intimidate, bully, or threaten individuals with bodily harm. threats of any kind will not be tolerated and will be reported to the proper authorities.
we require posters to respect the rights of everyone involved, by placing thought into comments before they are posted. we do understand the issues raised on this site may lead to “heated debate” but require participants to maintain a family-friendly environment in the comments below.

the following rules govern the discussion comments section posted on the calabasashigh.com website.
1. by using the comment feature of this website, you agree not to use any obscene or offensive language or to place on the calabasashigh.com website, any material that is defamatory, abusive, or hateful, or material that invades anyone's privacy, or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, or otherwise violate any laws. you agree to use the comments section only for lawful purposes only.
2. to maintain a “clean” discussion forum, calabasashigh.com operators/owners may decide to remove messages, material, or parts thereof at their sole discretion if considered to be offensive or contrary to comment rules.
3. discussion material on the calabasashigh.com website is for your personal use only.if you participate in a discussion, you are responsible for ensuring that any material you post to the calabasashigh.com website comments (e.g. text, images, or other multimedia content) does not violate or infringe upon the copyright, patent, trademark, or any other personal or proprietary rights of any third party and is posted with the permission of the owner of such rights.
these rules and disclaimer may be modified from time to time by the calabasashigh.com operators/owners without notice and at their sole discretion. you may email concerns or comment reviews if you feel they violate our rules to this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.




 
board meeting:
board meeting june 2016 (link was deactivated by them on 02/16/18 for a few hours, working now) 
http://calabasas.granicus.com/mediaplayer.php?view_id=27&clip_id=5642&meta_id=132327
start watching the video at 31 minutes and 40 seconds. wow! at 50 minutes and 44 seconds; it is amazing cj is still employed!!
 
email concerns to:
there has been a request for a way to send information without having to post comments. therefore, please email any concerns, comments, or information to this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
 
on the stand schedule:
current principal of calabasas high school, cj foss, is scheduled to testify and be questioned at the marina del rey courthouse on monday, february 12th starting at 8:30 am.
current principal of calabasas high school, cj foss is going back on the stand: on march 28 starting at 8:30 am.
current principal of calabasas high school, cj foss is going back on the stand: on may 9th, 2018, starting at 8:30 am.
current superintendent of las virgenes unified school district, dan stepenosky will also be testifying and questioned. date: tbd
 
court information:
everyone is welcome to be present at the courthouse on these days. this issue has become a public interest story so you are welcome to attend. a request will be made to the court to allow any interested parties to be present and listen to the testimony.
courthouse address:
4720 lincoln blvdmarina del rey, ca 90292
 
 if you are unable to attend, transcripts of the testimony may be available at a later date.
 
 
newest messages at the top 




 



















			comments powered by ccomment 







 










