










aromatherapy, essential oils, natural beauty & skin care






























  


















 uk 


china
hong kong





 01664 501110
 my account 

register
login


 wish list (0)
 shopping cart
 checkout





















 0 item(s) - £0.00


your shopping cart is empty!







trustpilot



free p&p on uk orders over £60*







shop menu

 
  
reseller packs

  
+-
aromatherapy



aromatherapy oils


essential oils
organic essential oils
absolute oils
essential oil infusions & dilutions
carrier oils
organic carrier oils
aromatherapy kits



aromatherapy blends


pre-blended essential oils
aromatherapy pulse point rollers
aromatherapy massage oils
aromatherapy massage waxes
aromatherapy spritzes




view all aromatherapy



  
organic

  
+-
bases & ingredients



cosmetic bases


bath & shower bases
cream & lotion bases
facial cleansing bases
haircare bases



cosmetic ingredients


cosmetic additives
natural butters
natural clays
natural salts




view all bases & ingredients



  
+-
gels & hydrolats


aloe vera gels


eye gels


hydrolats


face mask kits


view all gels & hydrolats



  
+-
skincare



face & body


aloe vera gels
eye gels
hydrolats
natural clays
face mask kits
facial oils
neroli range
rose range
recovery range
aromatherapy massage oils
handmade soaps



fragrance free 


bath & shower bases
cream & lotion bases
facial cleansing bases



skin type


dry skin
mature skin
normal skin
oily skin
sensitive skin




view all skincare



  
+-
 accessories


aromatherapy cases


aromatherapy diffusers


blending equipment


view all  accessories



  
+-
packaging


aromatherapy bottles


cosmetic jars


caps & closures


view all packaging



  
blog

  
+-
special offers


latest offers


clearance


view all special offers









 

















          featured aromatherapy categories      











                essential oils              
              






 view all items














                aromatherapy massage oils              
              






 view all items














                carrier oils              
              






 view all items














                gels & hydrolats              
              






 view all items











trustpilot











our featured products





anti-virus pure essential oil blend (10ml)
our anti-virus essential oil contains 100% pure essential oils of rosemary, cinnamon leaf, piment








                    £7.14                              ex tax: £5.95



 add to cart






save 20%



aromatherapy inhalers / aroma sticks - pack of 10
our aromatherapy inhalers / inhalators (aroma sticks) offer a practical, effective and discreet solu








                    £8.70                              ex tax: £7.25



 add to cart









sensuality massage oil
a mood-boosting massage oil to encourage relaxation and a sensual state of mind. with sweet almond o








                    £14.40                              ex tax: £12.00



 add to cart






save 25%



ginger essential oil
ginger essential oil has a strong, fresh, spicy, woody aroma with lemony undertones. ginger oil is w








                    £3.00                              ex tax: £2.50



 add to cart









latest articles - baseformula blog




wheel of the year and essential oils for each sabbat



 nicole barton hdipct (vtct), lche, mfht, mba
 1173



we look at the wheel of the year and how essential oils can be used in conjunction with the energies of each sabbat, to align us more powerfully with the cycles of life and bring our body back into natural equilibrium.



read more ...





aromatherapy oils for dry, chapped winter skin



 sharon lovett ba (hons), cim dipm
 3801




the colder weather brings us a host of skincare concerns such as dry, chapped and cracked skin. learn how to create your own nourishing blends to keep your skin beautifully protected and moisturised!



read more ...


 
a little more about base formulaat base formula, we supply aromatherapy products worldwide to therapists, natural health enthusiasts, and people dipping their toes into the world of aromatherapy for the first time. we specialise in premium grade essential oils, essential oil blends, massage oils, carrier oils, hydrolats (hydrosols), aloe vera gels and aromatherapy skincare products.as long standing members 
of the aromatherapy trade council, all of our essential oils are subject
 to random testing and verification at independent laboratories to 
ensure that they are of exceptional quality. nature provides an abundance of natural ingredients that can be 
beneficial for the mind, body and soul, and we are committed to using 
responsibly sourced, fair-trade, natural, vegan-friendly ingredients wherever we can. read more

our products - for body, mind & soul




essential oilsbase formula stocks only premium, therapeutic grade essential oils, organic oils, infusions, dilutions and absolutes. we have an extensive range to choose from, including trusted favourites such as lavender and tea tree, through to more unusual oils such as copaiba balsam and yuzu. all of our essential oils are 100% pure and come uniquely batch numbered with country of origin detailed on the label. material data safety sheets and allergen listings are available on request.


carrier oilswe have a wide selection of premium quality carrier oils (also known as base oils) for aromatherapy massage and natural skincare. our 100% pure and natural carrier oils are rich in skin nurturing vitamins, minerals and essential fatty acids, with no other additives, colours or preservatives. carrier oils that we supply include sweet almond carrier oil, grapeseed oil, argan oil, rosehip seed oil, jojoba and coconut oil.


hydrolats / hydrosolshydrolats, also known as flower waters or floral waters, are the therapeutic waters collected when pure essential oils are steam-distilled. hydrolats are widely used for natural skincare. they have similar powers to essential oils, although they are much gentler and can be applied directly to the skin. we offer a range of hydrolats including lavender,
 chamomile, rose otto and witch hazel.


cosmetic bases & aloe vera gelsbase formula supplies a wide range of cosmetic bases for making your own aromatherapy products. from ultra-hydrating aloe vera gels, through to moisturising lotions, creams, cleansers and bath and shower bases, all of which make ideal carrying mediums for essential oils and other natural cosmetic ingredients.





previous



next










follow us 













subscribe to our news, advice and offers 







subscribe





 






  trustpilot  
 






base formula

about us
meet our therapists
international
job opportunities
base formula news
media coverage
site map




students & therapists

therapist discounts
wholesale products
product development
aromatherapy kits
kits for colleges
specials




general


contact us
faq's
delivery & returns
terms & conditions
disclaimer & safety
privacy and cookie policy
environmental policy
gift certificates



payment options






 design by veedesign



  



