


ponerology: the science of evil





















“ponerology”: n. division of theology dealing with evil; theological doctrine of wickedness or evil; from the greek: poneros -> evil'.

we are not proposing a “theological” study, but rather a scientific study of what we can plainly call evil. the problem is, our materialist scientific culture does not readily admit that evil actually exists, per se. the lack of such a science has cost humanity millions of lives and untold suffering.





31 may 2012




is the root of evil the psychopathic mind? 
by randall clifford, activist post

as  such a useful tool of exchange, money is not inherently evil. money can  be a springboard to such evil as bailout-begging banks too monstrous to  fail gambling with taxpayer wealth - you know, private profits, public  risk. casino financialization with taxpayers as a backstop. the $700  billion tarp bailout actually being a $23.7 trillion bailout. but the root of all evil is the human brain.

new research has exposed, shall we say, the root of the problem. pathocracy is its flower. 

definition: pathocracy (n). a system of government created by a small  pathological minority that takes control over a society of normal people  (from political ponerology: a science on the nature of evil adjusted for political purposes, by andrew lobaczewski). 

a small minority of people are born psychopaths; they inherit a genetic  deviance linked to certain structural abnormalities of their social brain.

(read more on sott.net)

read more!



posted by harrison at 12:32 am
0 comments






28 november 2011



	 
	 sott.net interviews dr. lobaczewski
	 
    




read more!



posted by harrison at 1:32 am
1 comments






11 november 2011




	 is there no shame?
	 



is there no shame?
jim quinn for the burning platform
[…] this is an institutional cancer that eats away at the fabric of our society. it is not isolated to penn state. it is a societal sickness that threatens to overwhelm every facet of our lives. there is a constant thread that runs through every incident that comes to light. in 99% of the cases it is men protecting men. money and greed always trump morality and truth. the exact circumstances can be observed in the priest abuse scandal that has rocked the catholic church in the last five years. pedophile priests have existed within the catholic church for decades. the penn state situation shows that pedophiles exist everywhere in our society. the bottom line is that they are sick men and need to be locked up and kept away from little boys. […]


wall street bankers exhibit the epitome of psychopathic behavior, showing lack of empathy and remorse, shallow emotions, egocentricity, and deceptiveness. psychopaths are highly prone to antisocial behavior and abusive treatment of others. though lacking empathy and emotional depth, they often manage to pass themselves off as average individuals by feigning emotions. these wall street bankers will never willingly accept responsibility for their actions. they continue to use their wealth and power to control the politicians in washington dc and the misinformation propagated by the corporate media they control. they own and control the federal reserve and will print money until the whole system collapses in a spectacular implosion that destroys our financial system. they only care about their own wealth, influence and status. they have no shame. [...]



(read the full article here.)

read more!



posted by harrison at 6:02 pm
2 comments






07 november 2011




	 foxes and reptiles: psychopathy and the financial meltdown
	 



foxes and reptiles: psychopathy and the financial meltdown
by jonathan zap for reality sandwich
the present financial meltdown may only be the latest example of the incalculable harm done to civilization, and countless individual lives, by psychopaths, a subspecies of homo sapiens. the purpose of this essay is twofold. first, i will provide a brief tour of the psychopath subspecies so that you understand who they are and how they operate. you probably already know psychopaths, and it is overwhelmingly likely that at some point in your life a psychopath that you encounter personally will try to harm you. second, i will draw the correlative between psychopathy and the present financial meltdown and provide a suggestion of a relatively simple change that could decrease the likelihood of the sort of abuses that could lead to future meltdowns.

(read the full article here)

read more!



posted by harrison at 9:07 pm
1 comments






22 may 2011




	 review: jon ronson's the psychopath test: a journey through the madness industry
	 



harrison koehli
sott.net
"i've always believed society to be a fundamentally rational thing, but what if it isn't? what if it is built on insanity?"so asks jon ronson in his latest book, the psychopath test: a journey through the madness industry. ronson is probably best known for his book, the men who stare at goats, which was adapted for the big screen and starred george clooney. it documented a slightly loony group of american army men who were convinced they could walk through walls and kill goats by simply glaring at them menacingly (apparently they took the phrase "looking daggers" a tad too literally). he also wrote a book on fundamentalists, extremists and radicals, even tailing david icke for a spell. for research, of course. having already spent much of his career peering into the fringe boundaries of normality, the psychopath test pushes him further into the sphere of madness and the science that attempts to explain it. the result is entertaining, sometimes informative, yet a mixed-bag that never really answers the questions he set out to tackle.i'm going to avoid giving a chapter-by-chapter rundown of the book. as i said above, it's an entertaining, and easy, read. i'm not a particularly fast reader but wolfed this one down in three sittings over two days. so if you've the time, cash, and/or inclination, check it out. rather, i want to focus on what i'll call the good, the bad, and the so-so. ronson gets a lot of things right. first of all, he's a great writer. the book is peppered with entertaining, funny, and somewhat disturbing accounts of his interviews with people he comes to believe are genuine psychopaths. pitting a self-described neurotic, over-anxious journalist against some of the world's most dangerous criminals and manipulators is a recipe for a good story, and in this regard, ronson delivers.like martha stout (whom ronson quotes in the book), author of the sociopath next door, ronson does a great job introducing the concept of psychopathy to readers who otherwise wouldn't be interested in scouring dry textbooks on the subject. he treks across the world interviewing potential candidates: from a convicted uk man who tried to fake madness in order to avoid prison, only to be placed in an institution for the criminally insane; an ex-death squad leader from haiti who was supported and protected by the cia; to ex-ceo of sunbeam, al "i believe in predators" dunlap, who gleefully fired thousands before being charged with corporate fraud. finding them, he confronts his interviewees about their own psychopathy, with surprising results. many deny it, of course, while not-so-subtly revealing the opposite in their answers to ronson, who dutifully jots down his diagnoses on his notepad. dunlap, on the other hand, managed to turn each item of the psychopathy checklist into a "leadership positive". to dunlap, hey, being a psychopath ain't that bad at all! more on that below.then there was the failed experiment at oak ridge, in canada, where psychopathic offenders were treated with lsd and encouraged to "share their feelings", engaging in group therapy where they acted as each other's psychotherapists. the inmates showed remarkable improvement and were released into the world, reformed beings eager to start life anew. at least, that's what the doctors thought. but the therapy had simply taught them to be better manipulators, and it seemed to have gone to their heads. their recidivism rates ended up being even higher than ordinary psychopaths. it's good to see this kind of anecdotal knowledge about psychopathy reach the mainstream. as psychopathy expert and author of the psychopathy checklist, bob hare, says, psychopaths are born psychopaths. you can't treat them. this is one of the highlights of the book: the scattered airport-hotel conversations ronson had with hare over the course of his research for the book. for example:bob said it's always a nice surprise when a psychopath speaks openly about their inability to feel emotions. most of them pretend to feel. when they see us non-psychopaths crying or scared or moved by human suffering, or whatever, they think it's fascinating. they study us and learn how to ape us, like space creatures trying to blend in, but if we keep our eyes open, we can spot the fakery. (p. 100-101)"i should never have done all my research in prisons. i should have spent my time inside the stock exchange as well."i looked at bob. "really?" i said.he nodded."but surely stock-market psychopaths can't be as bad as serial-killer psychopaths," i said."serial killers ruin families." bob shrugged. "corporate and political and religious psychopaths ruin economies. they ruin societies."this--bob was saying--was the straightforward solution to the greatest mystery of all: why is the world so unfair? why all that savage economic injustice, those brutal wars, the everyday corporate cruelty? the answer: psychopaths. that part of the brain that doesn't function right. you're standing on an escalator and you watch the people going past on the opposite escalator. if you could climb inside their brains, you would see we aren't all the same. we aren't all good people just trying to do good. some of us are psychopaths. and psychopaths are to blame for this brutal, misshapen society. they're the jagged rocks thrown into the still pond. (p. 112)"if some political or business leader had a psychopathically hoodlum childhood, wouldn't it come out in the press and ruin them?" i said."they find ways to bury it," bob replied. "anyway, early behavior problems don't necessarily mean ending up in juvenile hall. it could mean, say, secretly torturing animals." he paused. "but getting access to people like that can be difficult. prisoners are easy. they like meeting researchers. it breaks up the monotony of their day. but ceos, politicians ..." bob looked at me. "it's a really big story," he said. "it's a story that could change forever the way people see the world." (p. 118)later, ronson confronted hare with a criticism he'd heard from another professional, saying that hare talked about psychopaths as if they were a different species. and in what appears to be a one-half "cover-your-ass" and one-half "here's what i really think" reply, hare said:"all the research indicates they're not a different species," said bob. "there's no evidence that they form a different species. so he's [the critic, that is] misinformed on the literature. he should be up to date on the literature. it's dimensional. he must know that. it's dimensional." ...bob looked evenly at me. "i'm in the clear on this," he said. there was a silence. "my gut feeling, though, deep down, is that maybe they are different," he added. "but we haven't established that yet." (p. 268)and in a conversation with martha stout, he asked:"what if the wife of a psychopath reads this?" i asked. "what should she do? leave?""yes," said martha. "i would like to say leave. you're not going to hurt someone's feelings because there are no feelings to hurt." she paused. "sociopaths love power. they love winning. if you take loving kindness out of the human brain, there's not much left except the will to win.""which means you'll find a preponderance of them at the top of the tree?" i said."yes," she said. the higher you go up the ladder, the greater the number sociopaths you'll find there.""so the wars, the injustices, the exploitation, all of these things occur because of that tiny percent of the population up there who are mad in this certain way?" i asked. it sounded like the ripple effect of petter nordlund's book, but on a giant scale."i think a lot of these things are initiated by them," she said."it's a frightening and huge thought," i said, "that the ninety-nine percent of us wandering around down here are having our lives pushed and pulled around by that psychopathic fraction up there.""it's is a large thought," she said. "it is a thought people don't have very often. because we're raised to believe that deep down everyone has a conscience." (pp. 113-114)the reference to petter nordlund alludes to the mystery that got ronson started on the path that led to the psychopath test. several neurologists and other academics had anonymously received a cryptic manuscript entitled being or nothingness. one of them contacted ronson to solve the mystery, which he did. so what was the answer? what was the "missing piece" to make it all make sense and crack the code?yes, there was a missing piece of the puzzle ... but the recipients had gotten it wrong. they assumed the endeavor was brilliant and rational because they were brilliant and rational, and we tend to automatically assume that everybody else is basically just like us. but in fact the missing piece was that the author was a crackpot."can't you see it? it's incredibly interesting. aren't you struck by how much action occurred simply because something went wrong with one man's brain? it's as if the rational world, your world, was a still pond and petter's brain was a jagged rock thrown into it, creating odd ripples everywhere.""petter nordlund's craziness had had a huge influence on the world. it caused intellectual examination, economic activity, and formed a kind of community. disparate academics, scattered across continents, had become intrigued and paranoid and narcissistic because of it. they'd met on blogs and mesage boards and had debated for hours, forming conspiracy theories about shadowy christian organizations, etc. one of them had felt motivated to rendezvous with me in a costa coffee. i'd flown to sweden in an attempt to solve the mystery. and so on." (pp. 28, 31)like martha stout and bob hare told ronson, we assume that people are the same, all trying to live decent lives and be "good". but that is not the case. and when something totally foreign intrudes on our humanity, when the predator barges into our lives looking for a meal, we grossly misinterpret it, projecting our humanity onto it, reading too much into it (or too little), like the word-salad of some raving eccentric. and it comes to affect us in ways we'd never imagined nor anticipated.it was this question that prompted ronson to ask if it could really be true that psychopaths rule our world, that they shape the form and function of our society. could this simple, yet radical, idea explain it all? from the "brutal excesses of capitalism itself" to the utter callousness of profiting off the destitution of entire industries? as one "enormously wealthy money-man" told ronson, nothing has changed in recent years. "and it's not just in the u.s. it's everywhere. it's all over the world." (p. 167)what does this mean? after a chance encounter with psychopathy researcher essi viding while researching the mysterious manuscript, a colleague of hers relates this story to ronson: "she was interviewing a psychopath. she showed him a picture of a frightened face and asked him to identify the emotion. he said he didn't know what the emotion was but it was the face people pulled just before he killed them." (p. 10) another psychopath said that to him, killing people was like "squashing bugs."think about that.but anyways, that's the good. as for the so-so, ronson never really comes to an answer to the question of "could it be true?" he just leaves it hanging without actually doing any real digging. despite the opinions he quotes, which i think make a pretty good case for answering in the definite affirmative, he never comes to a conclusive answer, describing his efforts as leading to mixed results. early in the book he writes:"i could really be on to something ... it really could be that many of our political and business leaders suffer from antisocial or narcissistic personality disorder and they do the harmful, exploitative things they do because of some mad striving for unlimited success and excessive admiration. their mental disorders might be what rule our lives. this could be a really big story for me if i can think of a way to somehow prove it." (p. 34)but it looks like ronson just didn't look hard enough. his search might have led him to another mysterious manuscript, but one with much more importance and which actually gives clinical answers to these "tough" ideas and questions. of course, i'm talking about andrew lobaczewski's political ponerology, which just barely made it out of communist poland, the first copies destroyed, stolen, and lost and its researchers hunted, arrested, tortured, killed, and silenced. lobaczewski survived long enough to write the book from memory and contact a publisher who recognized the importance of what he was saying: yes, psychopaths rule the world, and this is how it works. he was saying it before anyone else, too, but his work has been largely ignored and suppressed. recent books like philip zimbardo's the lucifer effect, martha stout's the paranoia switch, hare and babiak's snakes in suits, barb oakley's evil genes, and paul lawrence's driven to lead are good and welcome efforts, but they barely scratch the surface of what lobaczewski presents in ponerology.with that said, because ronson lacked the key to understand what is really going on, i'm going to focus on a few areas where he isn't all that clear and comes to some wishy-washy conclusions. some of his errors are just "so-so", but some are plain bad.ronson starts off with a look at the dsm, the manual for psychiatrists that lists every "known" mental disorder, their symptoms, and the checklists for determining if a person suffers from a particular disorder (or several). ronson cracked open its pages and "instantly diagnosed myself with twelve different ones. ... i was much crazier than i had imagined." indeed, with everything from arithmetic learning disorder, to parent child relational problem, to caffeine induced disorder and nightmare disorder, it seems like the dsm writers "had a crazy desire to label all life a mental disorder." (pp. 34-35) the disorders end up sounding like the outdated ones of past centuries, for example, drapetomania, "evident only in slaves ... the sole symptom was 'the desire to run away from slavery'" (p. 54)ronson meets up with some scientologists who are vehemently critical of psychiatry. even the mention of the words "mental disorder" raises eyebrows. one of the scientologists, brian, introduces ronson to tony, the guy who faked madness in order to avoid prison. according to brian, "he's completely sane! he faked his way in there! and now he's stuck. nobody will believe he's sane." despite the fact that that wasn't exactly true (his doctors knew he was sane, but they also knew he was a psychopath, which is why they were keeping him), it's pretty ironic to read about the scientologists' zealous crusade against psychiatry. here's why.first of all, they've got a point. there is much "gullibility and inexactness [in] the psychiatry profession" (p. 42). the sheer number of disorders, for which there are no scientifically verified etiologies, and number of people "afflicted" by them is enough to raise questions. and it seems that the more complicated human behavior gets, the more it is labeled a disorder. but on the other hand, the scientologists seemed to be dismissing real problems that cause people and families suffering by reflexively labeling everyone "sane" to suit their ideology. while noticing the contradiction, ronson gets stuck in the middle-ground, writing in the final chapter:i think the madness business is filled with people like tony [a "semi-psychopath" in ronson's words], reduced to their maddest edges. some, like tony, are locked up in dspd units for scoring too high on bob's checklist. others are on tv at nine p.m., their dull, ordinary, non-mad attributes skillfully edited out, benchmarks of how we shouldn't be. there are obviously a lot of very ill people out there. but there are also people in the middle, getting overlabeled, becoming nothing more than a big splurge of madness in the minds of the people who benefit from it. (p. 267)but ronson is confusing categories, causing him to come to bad conclusions. in fact, the solution to the problem can be found on page 58 of his own book, in a quote from tony's doctor, professor maden:i e-mailed professor maden: "isn't that like that scene in the movie ghost when whoopi goldberg pretends to be psychic and then it turns out that she actually can talk to the dead?""no," he e-mailed back. "it isn't like that whoopi goldberg scene. tony faked mental illness. that's when you have hallucinations and delusions. mental illness comes and goes. it can get better with medication. tony is a psychopath. that doesn't come and go. it is how the person is."there's a difference between "mental illness" and psychopathy. mental illness is what non-psychopaths may or may not have: emotional problems caused by trauma, toxins, abuse, etc. psychopathy is completely different. yes, psychopaths may have some apparently useful qualities, but they're incidental to the underlying psychopathy. yes, they may be charming and good talkers, but that's an act. yes, they may not kill, but they manipulate and harm others in different ways. it's just the way they are, and that's the point ronson seems to have trouble digesting. and it's those very psychopaths occupying the middle ground that can be so dangerous. they're the al dunlaps, the bernie madoffs, the benjamin netanyahus, the dominique strauss-kahns that wreak havoc on entire economies and societies. or, if they never get that far to the top, they're the impossible bosses, the abusive husbands, the corrupt lawyers and police officers.but getting back to the scientologists, why did i say their zealotry was ironic? well, it turns out that in 1966 l. ron hubbard moved from his home in the uk forever. as a scientologist told ronson while visiting hubbard's home:"the conclusions he was coming to ..." bob said. an ominous tone had crept into his voice. ..."what was the nature of his research?" i asked.there was a silence. and then bob quietly said, "the antisocial personality." (p. 52)hubbard seems to have identified the problem, but his followers are making the same mistake ronson does, to the point where they actively petition the release of those very same "antisocial personalities", whom hubbard said "cannot feel any sense of remorse or shame. they approve only of destructive actions. they appear quite rational. they can be very convincing." interesting turn of events, eh?perhaps that's the problem. "they can be very convincing." we see the ripples in the pond, but the jagged rock remains invisible, cloaked behind a veil of normality. white becomes black, right becomes wrong, peace becomes war, and sanity becomes madness. in fact, that twisting of meanings is a clue to psychopathy. they're masters of "doublespeak", creating verbal traps and impossible situations that leave non-psychopaths bewildered. perhaps that's the solution to the catch-22 of modern psychiatry? a certain degree of "mental illness" is human, even healthy. like an immune reaction in the body, it's the normal response to the affront of psychopathy on a healthy mind. workplace bullying, soul-killing jobs, abusive relationships, economic depression, modern warfare, chronic stress, social hysteria - these are not normal human conditions. they are symptoms and effects of psychopathy.but the more we react to true madness (of the psychopathic kind), the more we are labelled as mad. and the real enemy goes unnoticed. could that say more about psychiatry, and those pushing for such an antihuman approach, than the people diagnosed and drugged in response? as tony told ronson, "it's like witchcraft. ... they turn everything upside down." (p. 62) remember drapetomania? remember al dunlap's "leadership positives"? he had said of "grandiose sense of self-worth", "if you don't believe in yourself, nobody else will." manipulative? "i think you could describe that as leadership." impulsivity? "quick analysis." shallow affect? that "stops you from feeling 'some nonsense emotions.'" lack of remorse? "[f]rees you up to move forward and achieve more great things." (pp. 156-157) the answer was staring ronson in the face, but he never made the connections.dr. allen frances had told ronson:"the way the diagnosis [of childhood bipolar] is being made in america was not something we intended ... kids with extreme irritability and moodiness and temper tantrums are being called bipolar. the drug companies and the advocacy groups have a tremendous influence in propagating the epidemic.""psychiatric diagnoses are getting closer and closer to the boundary of normal ... there's a societal push for conformity in all ways ... there's less tolerance of difference." (pp. 244, 245)couldn't ronson see the connection between the "al dunlaps" of the economic/corporate world and psychiatric/pharmaceutical drug-pushing world? that the missing key is psychopathy? that that is the reason for this push to label normal people "mentally ill" and keep us and our children drugged up, sick in mind and body, while the truly ill are the ones reaping the benefits?ronson was actually on to something when he wrote:all that talk of snakes adopting human form reminded me of a story i once did about a conspiracy theorist named david icke, who believed that the secret rulers of the world were giant, blood-drinking, child-sacrificing lizards who had shape-shifted into humans so they could perform their evil on an unsuspecting population. i suddenly realized how similar the two stories were, except in this one the people who spoke of snakes in suits were eminent and utterly sane psychologists, respected around the world. was this a conspiracy theory that was actually true? (p. 138)no, they're not lizards. rather the secret rulers of the world are rich, blood-lusting, child-raping psychopaths. remember the comments about "squashing bugs"? these people just don't give a shit about mass-murder, raping mothers in front of their children, or children in front of their parents. they don't care about nuclear meltdowns, oil poisoning the gulf, lung-cancer-causing pollution, disease-causing diets. they are absorbed by it. fascinated. they get a kick out of making people suffer and driving them crazy. literally. they're the kind of cretins that will cut themselves and blame it on their wives for custody of children in a divorce, stab their "best friend" in the back if by doing so they can frame someone else and get some kind of payoff. dirty tricks. fun and games. they're cunning, manipulative, and ruthless. and this is where ronson goes from so-so to just plain bad.twice in the book he relates his annoyance at being called either a "shill" or "stupid" for not believing the 9/11 and 7/7 conspiracy theories. while ronson may be a smart guy in many regards, when it comes to "conspiracy theories", i've gotta go with his detractors. in a section on one of the survivors of the 7/7 attacks, rachel north, he writes: "only the most extreme magical-thinkers among [the 9/11 truthers] were 7/7 conspiracy theorists, too: while 9/11 obviously wasn't an inside job, 7/7 obviously wasn't an inside job." (p. 183) yet the only point he ends up demonstrating is that a lot of conspiracy theorists are stupid and grossly misguided. no, the 7/7 attacks weren't a "fake stunt" using "pyrotechnics and stuntmen and actors and special-effect blood." yes, rachel north was a real victim of the attacks. yes, real planes flew into the world trade centers. but none of that dismisses the fact that the 9/11 and 7/7 attacks were false-flag operations, using real bombs, causing real death and destruction, ruining lives and bringing devastation to thousands of families. yes, making light of the atrocities and harassing victims is callous. but no, looking for the truth, paying attention to details like the locations and physical features of the blast holes of 7/7 is not callous. is a police detective callous because he tries to discern the point of entry and exit of a bullet wound? no, he's just trying to find the truth, so that there can be real justice. ronson's diatribe against conspiracy theorists is as shameful as those conspiracy theorists who spout nonsense and do act in callous ways. but even then, there's more to this than meets the eye.rachel north's critics accused her (as ronson's accused him) of being a "shill", a government agent spouting disinformation. ronson also devotes several pages to a discussion of david shayler, ex-mi5 officer, 9/11 and 7/7 conspiracy theorist, "no-planer", cross-dresser, and second coming of jesus. yes, the guy is completely insane. that's a given. what ronson ignores is the fact that david shayler is the real agent in this whole drama! he's the self-professed government agent. he even admitted to dressing as an anarchist at a demonstration during his "stint" with mi5.let me spell it out. first let's start from the big picture. psychopaths rule our world. the experts agree on that. the higher to the top you get, the more psychopaths you find. they're in business, banks, politics, intelligence, military, media, academia. they're also cunning, manipulative and ruthless. they're the evil bastards in agatha christie's hercule poirot novels who get off by killing people and then blaming it on someone else. now, i'm sure not many will disagree with me when i say: politicians lie, intelligence agencies are secretive. they conduct many "black operations" often involving killing innocent people. corporate interests steer politicians. they also own the media and do not promote news that would have negative consequences for themselves. again, psychopaths saturate all these industries. their leadership often overlaps. they have mutual interests. and again, they're psychopaths. now, how hard is it to believe that some of these evil bastards would commit real atrocities against their own people and blame it on some boogieman in the interests of global hegemony? remember hitler? remembering goring and himmler and goebbels? they were psychopaths too. remember the reichstag fire? remember the control of the media, the use of scapegoats, the incestuous relationship between corporate, media, military, economic, and political powers? is it not completely freaking obvious that there is no evil thing these whackos wouldn't do? that they have done such things in the past and will continue doing them? and don't you think they'd have agents set up to make anyone exposing these deceptions look loony? yes, there are stupid conspiracy theorists. there are also stupid skeptics and debunkers. that's beside the point of what actually happened.whether it's police agents dressed as "anarchists" at protests who instigate violence, uk troops posing as iraqi insurgents with bombs and guns, israeli operatives creating fake al-qaeda cells, or any other counterintelligence-type operations, this is standard operating procedure. and it's people like ronson who stare at the ripples in disbelief, unable to see the jagged rock staring them right back in the face.anyways, i'm ranting. one more small point before i wrap up. noting the absence of psychopathy in the dsm, ronson wonders whether there had been some "backstage schism in the psychopath-defining world". it turns out there was. lee robins, a sociologist, rallied to exclude it, focusing only on "overt symptoms" instead of personality traits such as empathy. this is a telling point, which i deal with in this article. in it, i also give my thoughts on the "dimensional vs categorical" debate. my intuition is similar to hare's. psychopaths are different. they have the shape of a human, the outer form. they walk, talk, speak, eat, and breathe. they may even collect mcdonald's toys or statues of predators, like the psychopaths interviewed by ronson. but when it comes to the inner essence that makes us human, that part of another that we come to love and appreciate, no, they are not human. they are an intraspecies predator. not quite human. while ronson does an admirable job bringing the topic of psychopathy, and the idea that it runs our world, to the mainstream, he never really gets to the meat of the matter. he collects some of the clues, but lacks the key to give a wider understanding. for that, you need political ponerology. there may not be anything new in the psychopath test for regular readers of sott, but i did find it enjoyable for its case studies and ronson's quirky and engaging style. so check it out. just be sure to round out your reading with something a bit more substantial.

read more!



posted by harrison at 1:24 am
3 comments






22 august 2010




	 time for change: why the corrupt few wreak so much death, destruction, and suffering on the rest of us
	 



by time for change
democratic underground

perhaps the most important question  of our time why, throughout human history, have despicable characters  repeatedly risen to the pinnacles of power.  the 20th century alone  witnessed an estimated 140 million war deaths and another 16 million from genocide.  mass  starvation kills millions in an era when there is plenty enough  food to feed the world.  and not coincidentally, in the world today 40%  of the world’s wealth is held in the hands of 1% of its inhabitants,  while the bottom 50% owns only 1% of the world’s wealth.  that means  that the  top 1% owns 40 times more than half the world’s population.  there  are of course numerous reasons for this sorry state of affairs.  but  certainly the tremendous wealth and power disparity in the world, along  with the abuse of that power by so many who have the most of it explains  a great deal.  why have so many despicable characters throughout  history acquired the ability to inflict so much suffering on the rest of  humanity?   

i have read two books in particular that provide  much insight into this issue: “the authoritarians” by bob altemeyer (this link is to a free electronic version of  altemeyer’s whole book); and, “political ponerology – a science on the nature of  evil adjusted for political purposes” by andrew m. lobaczewski.  both  books talk about much the same process, but altemeyer approaches it from  the individual psychological perspective, whereas lobaczewski  approaches it more from the societal level.  both books were recommended  to me by fellow duer larry ogg.

bob altemeyer is a retired  psychology professor who spent most of his life researching  authoritarianism.  lobaczewski was a polish psychiatrist and one of  several scientists who took part in the research and the writing of  “political ponerology”. but he was the only one left alive by the time  it was completed.  lobaczewski and his fellow scientists were victims of  one of the most evil repressive regimes of world history – joseph  stalin’s soviet union. lobaczewski describes the history of the manuscript for the book:

the original manuscript of this book went into the  furnace minutes before a secret police raid in communist poland. the  second copy, painfully reassembled by scientists working under  impossible conditions of violence and repression, was sent via courier  to the vatican. its receipt was never acknowledged – the manuscript and  all valuable data lost. in 1984, the third and final copy was written  from memory by the last survivor of the original researchers: andrew  lobaczewski.…after half a century of suppression, this book is finally  available.
altemeyer describes in great detail what he refers  to as authoritarian followers and authoritarian leaders.  both are  required in order to produce what lobaczewski refers to as a pathocracy,  which he defines as a social movement, society, nation, or empire  wherein a small pathological minority takes control over a society of  normal people. the pathological minority habitually perpetrates evil  deeds on its people and/or other people.  in other words, the  pathological minority rules society with an iron fist, in their  interests alone – and to hell with everyone else: wars for profit, with  massive casualties; millions of refugees; massive destruction of  infrastructure; torture; you name it… no price is too high to pay to  attain and maintain their own wealth and power.  some people refer to  such as system as tyranny.  but i think that pathocracy is a more  descriptive term.
authoritarian leaders
altemeyer’s  explanation – the psychopathology of authoritarian leaders
in  contemplating the success of the dark forces who create and rule over  pathocracies, it behooves us to understand their nature.  altemeyer  refers to them alternately as “authoritarian leaders” or “social  dominators”.  he describes them like this:
high  scorers (on the test that measures the traits of authoritarian leaders)  are inclined to be intimidating, ruthless, and vengeful. they scorn  such noble acts as helping others, and being kind, charitable, and  forgiving. instead they would rather be feared than loved, and be viewed  as mean, pitiless, and vengeful. they love power, including the power  to hurt in their drive to the top…. social dominators thus admit,  anonymously, to striving to manipulate others, and to being dishonest,  two-faced, treacherous, and amoral. it’s as if someone took the scout  law (“a scout is trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, ...”) and turned  it completely upside down…
this description is in fact almost  identical to what psychologists refer to as the psychopathic personality.  these people have two big  advantages over the rest of us.  first, they have no inclination to be  bound by the rules that the rest of us are bound by.  and secondly, they  have their authoritarian followers (more about them later) to give them  lots of aid and support.

altemeyer gives an example from u.s.  politics of how these authoritarian leaders relate to the rest of the  world:
a stunning, and widely overlooked  example of the arrogance that followed (9/11/01) streaked across the sky  in 2002 when the (bush) administration refused to  sign onto the international criminal court. this court was  established by over a hundred nations, including virtually all of the  united states’ allies, to prosecute individuals for genocide, crimes  against humanity, and so on when the country for whom they acted would  not or could not do the prosecuting itself. it is a “court of last  resort” in the human race’s defense against brutality.  why on earth  would the united states, as one of the conveners of the nuremberg trials  and conceivers of the charge, “crimes against humanity,” want nothing  to do with this agreement? the motivation did not become clear until  later. but not only did america refuse to ratify the treaty, in 2002  congress passed an act that allowed the united states to  punish nations that did join in the international effort to prosecute  the worst crimes anyone could commit! talk about throwing your weight  around, and in a way that insulted almost every friend you had on the  planet.
lobaczewski’s explanation
in the preface to  lobaczewski’s book, laura knight-jadczyk explains why we find so many  psychopaths in our political system:
in the  past several years, there are many more psychologists and psychiatrists  and other mental health workers beginning to look at these issues in new  ways in response to the questions about the state of our world and the  possibility that there is some essential difference between such  individuals as george w. bush and many so-called neocons, and the rest  of us…

we also began to realize that the profiles that emerged  also describe rather accurately many individuals who seek positions of  power in fields of authority, most particularly politics and commerce.  that’s really not so surprising an idea, but it honestly hadn’t occurred  to us until we saw the patterns and recognized them in the behaviors of  numerous historical figures and, lately, including george w. bush and  members of his administration… politics, by its very nature, would tend  to attract more of the pathological “dominator types” than other fields.  that is only logical, and we began to realize that it was not only  logical, it was horrifyingly accurate; horrifying because pathology  among people in power can have disastrous effects on all of the people  under the control of such pathological individuals.
lobaczewski  notes that most psychopaths don’t have much general intelligence or  even any particular skills of a productive nature. but the ones who pose  great danger to society are quite good at manipulating people and  political infighting. lobaczewski explains:
once  the process of poneric (evil) transformation (to a pathocracy) … has  begun and advanced sufficiently, they perceive this fact with almost  infallible sensitivity: a circle has been created wherein they can hide  their failings and psychological differentness, find a world where they  are in power and all those other, “normal people”, are forced into  servitude.
a description by barry lynn from an economic  perspective
barry lynn doesn’t talk about psychology or use any  psychological terminology.  his book, “cornered – the new monopoly capitalism and the  economics of destruction”, is all about economics.  it describes how  people whom altemeyer would refer to as authoritarian leaders,  lobaczewski would describe as evil, and others would merely call  psychopaths or sociopaths have convinced most americans into accepting  an economic system that benefits only the rich, at the expense of  everyone else.  they call this system the “free market”, and its  detractors often refer to it as “free market fundamentalism”.  but far  from being free, it is a system based on “freedom” of corporations to  form monopolies, and it is a system created mainly to benefit those who  created it.  lynn explains:
in the last  generation, we have been taught to believe in a philosophy of what is  sometimes called “free-market fundamentalism”… this philosophy is  designed not to illuminate real-world phenomena but to hide the  real-world use by the rich of such man-made institutions as the  corporation and the marketplace – and sometimes even our own government –  to seize our properties and our liberties… my goal is to reconnect us  with our traditional understanding of how markets operate and what  purposes they serve, to thereby restore our ability to use markets to  help protect our most important interests.
human  gullibility and sycophancy – the authoritarian followers
altemeyer’s  explanation – the gullibility of authoritarian followers
gullibility  is one of the trademarks of the authoritarian followers, who provide  crucial support for their authoritarian leaders. altemeyer defines  authoritarian followers as having three core characteristics: 1) high  degree of submission to authority; 2) willingness to attack other people  in the name of the authority; and 3) highly conventional attitudes

altemeyer  discusses the submission to authority, lack of independent thinking and  need for approval that characterizes the authoritarian followers:
authoritarian followers seem to have a “daddy and mommy  know best” attitude toward the government. they do not see laws as  social standards that apply to all. instead, they appear to think that  authorities are above the law, and can decide which laws apply to them  and which do not – just as parents can when one is young…

if you  ask subjects to rank the importance of various values in life,  authoritarian followers place “being normal” substantially higher than  most people do. it’s almost as though they want to disappear as  individuals into the vast vat of ordinaries.
though they  habitually use the rhetoric of righteousness, they tend to be full of  hatred, and their behavior quickly turns ugly when they are under  stress.  altemeyer explains:
they get off  smiting the sinner; they relish being “the arm of the lord.”… which  suggests authoritarian followers have a little volcano of hostility  bubbling away inside them looking for a (safe, approved) way to erupt….

they  usually avoid anything approaching a fair fight. instead they aggress  when they believe right and might are on their side. “right” for them  means, more than anything else, that their hostility is (in their minds)  endorsed by established authority, or supports such authority. “might”  means they have a huge physical advantage over their target, in weaponry  say, or in numbers, as in a lynch mob. it’s striking how often  authoritarian aggression happens in dark and cowardly ways, in the dark,  by cowards who later will do everything they possibly can to avoid  responsibility for what they did. women, children, and others unable to  defend themselves are typical victims. even more striking, the attackers  typically feel morally superior to the people they are assaulting in an  unfair fight…
our world and our country are full of these  kinds of people.  they are the kinds of people who followed, admired and  supported hitler.  they are very gullible and easily manipulated by  authoritarian leaders.  they form the hard core base of support for  people like george w. bush, sarah palin, rush limbaugh, and all of fox  news.
lobaczewki’s explanation – the role of sycophancy
it  is more than just gullibility that explains the phenomenon of the  authoritarian follower.  can you imagine john yoo, alberto gonzales, or david petraeus going against the will of george w.  bush on any matter when he was in power?  that would be highly unlikely  because their positions of high power depended entirely on putting all  their energy into anticipating the needs of and pleasing their “leader”.  george bush started out the same way. as governor of texas, all his  efforts went into pleasing his corporate cronies. in return, they  rewarded him handsomely by ensuring his material wealth and serving as a  power base for his climb to the presidency. lobaczewski describes the  process as one of sycophancy:
they  initially perform subordinate functions in such a movement and execute  the leaders’ orders, especially whenever something needs to be done  which inspires revulsion in others. their evident zealotry and cynicism  gives rise to criticism on the part of the more reasonable members, but  it also earns the respect of some its more extreme revolutionaries. they  thus find protection among those people who earlier played a role in  the movement’s ponerization, and repay the favor with compliments or by  making things easier for them. thus they climb up the organizational  ladder, gain influence, and almost involuntarily bend the contents of  the entire group to their own way of experiencing reality and to the  goals derived from their deviant nature.
carl boggs’  perspective – the myth of american exceptionalism
carl boggs  discusses in his book, “the crimes of empire – rogue superpower and world  domination”, how american elites have so inculcated the doctrine of  american exceptionalism in the minds of the good majority of americans  that few have the intellectual or moral capacity to resist it:
whatever occurs under the aegis of washington  decision-making is, by definition, noble, beyond the reach of ethical or  legal condemnation.  mistakes are made, but the ends themselves simply  cannot be questioned.  some opinion-makers insist that the u.s.  represents an entirely new kind of empire, more benign and less  exploitative than previous empires.  it follows that the actions of a  benevolent empire demand more flexible criteria for judgment… those  standing in the way of u.s. power often find themselves depicted as  impediments to human progress, as enemies of democracy and western  civilization, perhaps even as the reincarnation of hitler and the nazis.
it is symptomatic of this state of mind that barack obama, in  touting his opposition to the iraq war while trying to secure the  democratic presidential nomination, repeatedly emphasized that he was  not opposed to all wars, but only to stupid wars.  he never once claimed  opposition to immoral wars – presumably on the assumption that it was  unimaginable that his country would ever engage in an immoral war.  my  point here is that some degree of the authoritarian follower mindset  occupies the minds of the good majority of americans – and probably the  good majority of all people.
the role of ideology and  human susceptibility to its promises

lobaczewski writes a lot  about the role of ideology for individuals or groups in the ponerogenic  process that leads to pathocracies. the ideology itself is usually not  inherently evil (although it may be, as in the case of nazism),  and the ideology does not generally characterize the movement or group.  rather, the ideology serves as a mask, to hide the actual  intentions of the group. lobaczewski explains it like this:
it is a common phenomenon for a ponerogenic association  or group to contain a particular ideology which always justifies its  activities and furnishes motivational propaganda…. human nature demands  that vile matters be haloed by an over-compensatory mystique in order to  silence one’s conscience and to deceive consciousness and critical  faculties, whether one’s own or those of others.

if such a  ponerogenic union could be stripped of its ideology, nothing would  remain except psychological and moral pathology, naked and unattractive.  such stripping would of course provoke “moral outrage”, and not only  among the members of the union.

the fact is, even normal people,  who condemn this kind of union along with its ideologies, feel hurt and  deprived of something constituting part of their own romanticism, their  way of perceiving reality, when a widely idealized group is exposed as  little more than a gang of criminals.
a perfect example of this  explanation, in my opinion, is the u.s. invasion and occupation of  iraq. if george bush and dick cheney had told the american public, in  their run-up to war, that it was necessary to invade and occupy iraq in  order to open up tens of billions of dollars worth of economic  opportunity for their corporate cronies and to gain access to iraqi oil,  the american people and even their corporate news media would have been  hard pressed to drum up much enthusiasm for war. instead, we were  provided with (especially after the “weapons of mass destruction” excuse  was proven to be a lie) the ideology of democracy  (we’re doing it to bring democracy to the iraqi people) and  anti-terrorism (we have to fight them over there so we don’t have to  fight them here.)

the last paragraph of lobaczewski’s that i  cite above explains why so many normal americans are willing to accept  the lame excuses of psychopaths hiding behind a wall of ideology.  acknowledging that our leaders are no more than criminal thugs and  psychopaths is just too painful for most americans. it is much more  comfortable for them to believe that their country goes to war for  idealistic and generous purposes.

let’s now consider how four  different ideologies, none of which are inherently evil, have been  corrupted for political purposes:
americanism
one  could make a good argument that the u.s. declaration of independence, which after all  provided the full justification for our country becoming a sovereign  nation, contains the true, uncorrupted version of americanism.  there are two salient ideas expressed in that document, which also  happen to be the epitome of liberal/progressive values: 1) that everyone  has the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and 2)  whenever a government becomes destructive of those rights, the people  have the right overthrow that government.

for right wing  ideologues, “americanism” has become the ideology that says that the  united states of america is so superior to all other nations that any  action it takes with respect to other nations should automatically and  unquestionably be considered morally right. for an american citizen to  think or act otherwise is to border on treason.

“americanism” in  that form has been used to declare wars against nations that pose no  threat to us and to overthrow numerous democratically elected governments  that likewise posed no threat to us.

consider this speech:
as long as  whole regions of the world simmer in resentment and tyranny – prone to  ideologies that feed hatred and excuse murder – violence will gather…  and raise a mortal threat.

there is only one force of history  that can break the reign of hatred and resentment, and expose the  pretensions of tyrants, and reward the hopes of the decent and tolerant,  and that is the force of human freedom.

we are led, by events  and common sense, to one conclusion: the survival of liberty in our land  increasingly depends upon the survival of liberty in other lands. the  best hope for freedom in our world is the expansion of freedom in all  the world.
that speech invokes the best of the american dream  and ideals. there was just one problem with it. it was spoken by george  w. bush as a means of justifying an action (the invasion and occupation  of iraq) that had nothing whatsoever to do with the wonderful sentiments  expressed in his speech. he was merely using a great ideology as a mask  to hide his true motives.
christianity
christianity  contains some core values that any liberal/progressive could be proud to  live by. jesus christ preached that we should love our neighbors, treat  others as we would like to be treated ourselves, and be charitable  towards the poor. in short, he  embodied the best of liberal values. accordingly, christian groups  have done some great things over the centuries, including playing a  leading role in the abolition of slavery in the united states.

but  christianity has also often been used to justify evil actions,  including wars of aggression and torture of “non-believers” with the aim of getting  them to convert to christianity. some, even today, still use  christianity to justify slavery, as patrick buchanan did in his attempt to put his  criticisms of barack obama in the best light:
the silent majority needs to have its convictions,  grievances and demands heard. and among them are these: first, america  has been the best country on earth for black folks. it was here that  600,000 black people, brought from africa in slave ships, grew into a  community of 40 million, were introduced to christian salvation, and  reached the greatest levels of freedom and prosperity blacks have ever  known.
capitalism
capitalism carries the potential,  by means of providing incentives for productivity, to act as an engine  of economic growth that provides tremendous benefits to a society.  forget for a moment that there is no such thing as pure capitalism, or  that society works best economically when it uses some  combination of capitalism and socialism. my only point here is that (i  believe) capitalism has the capacity to provide benefits to people when  used as one component of an economic system, with sufficient  controls.

yet, capitalism is used as justification for all manner  of policies that hurt people, such as george w. bush’s veto  of health insurance for children.  bush (as well as the whole u.s.  republican party) liked to characterize his view of capitalism as “free  market”, and as such he uses that ideology to push for international  agreements that primarily benefit his corporate friends.

but in  fact, there is nothing “free market” about the bush administration brand  of capitalism, if indeed it can be categorized as capitalism at all.  rather, their favored economic system was one in which their corporate  cronies were given billions of dollars in no-bid contracts to perform functions for which they  had little expertise, with little or no oversight from government. the  result was billions of dollars of missing money, with no  investigations to determine where the money went. that’s a mighty  strange brand of capitalism.

james petras, in “rulers and ruled”,  describes how so-called “capitalism” has worked out in recent years in  so many countries:
given the enormous class  and income disparities in russia, latin america and china, it is more  accurate to describe these countries as “surging billionaires” rather  than “emerging markets” because it is not the “free market” but the  political power of the billionaires that dictates policy

countries  of “surging billionaires” produce burgeoning poverty, submerging living  standards. the making of billionaires means the unmaking of civil  society – the weakening of social solidarity, protective social  legislation, pensions, vacations, public health programs and education…

the  growth of billionaires is hardly a sign of “general prosperity”  resulting from the “free market”… in fact it is the product of the  illicit seizure of lucrative public resources, built up by the work and  struggle of millions of workers… it has little to do with  entrepreneurial skills.
communism
communism  has been defined as “a socioeconomic structure that promotes the  establishment of a classless, stateless society based on common  ownership of the means of production.” its initial popularity can be  attributed to its promise to greatly reduce economic inequality in  societies that were previously characterized by huge levels of economic  inequality. that is a worthwhile goal imo.

my own view is that  the best economic system is one that uses a combination of free market  incentives to increase productivity, combined with government provision  of essential goods and services that don’t respond to free market  incentives (such as the running of our elections), progressive taxation,  and regulation to ensure such things as worker and environmental  protection and the prevention of monopolistic practices. whether or not  pure communism is capable of providing a viable and productive economic  system is a question i can’t answer and is not highly relevant to this  discussion.

the russian revolution of october 1917 brought communism  to russia, which it maintained for more than 70 years. however, soon  after its introduction it began to be seriously corrupted, to the point  where by some time in the 1920s it is probably accurate to say that it  wasn’t communism at all. by that time an empire had evolved (called the  union of soviet socialist republics) into a solidified totalitarian  system, and a small elite ruled over everyone else with an iron fist and  had control over all of the country’s resources. under the iron rule of  joseph stalin, economic plans were put in place that resulted in  the deaths by starvation of about seven million people. this was not a  classless society, nor was it stateless, nor was it based on common  ownership of the means of production. yet the myth of a communist state  prevailed in the ussr until it broke up in 1991.
pathocracies  in perspective – what americans need to understand

lobaczewski  makes the point that pathocracies cannot be permanent because they  contain so many internal contradictions.  but we should not take much  satisfaction in the inevitable fall of pathocracies, since they so  frequently do such tremendous harm before they fall. it would be far  better if we could learn to prevent their rise or to counteract them  before they do too much harm.

one of the many great insights of  the founders of our country is that they anticipated the rise of  pathocracy in the nation that they founded. they therefore wrote into  its constitution numerous plans for the balancing of power and for the peaceful  removal from office of chief executives or others who proved to put  their own needs and desires above those of our nation.  it was a great  idea. but it can only work to the extent that the american people have  the courage to at least open their eyes to the dangers of unscrupulous  rulers.

there are many today who would say that the united  states of america is fast becoming a pathocracy, or has already become  one.  it exhibits many of the signs:

it has by far the highest incarceration rate in the world, and that  rate is largely racially determined; its annual military expenditures are more than eight  times greater than any other nation in the world, and almost as much as  the rest of the world combined; it is the world’s greatest contributor to the climate change that  threatens to destroy human civilization; it has committed myriad war  crimes, including torture and aggressive war, and then refused to investigate them; it refuses to  participate in the international criminal court – the international  community’s tool for preventing and punishing crimes against humanity;  and income inequality has increased in recent decades to such  unprecedented levels that the u.s. is now the most unequal country of all the  “rich” nations of the world.   

this would be a much better  country if most of us were to adopt the following attitudes:

be  skeptical about what our politicians and other elites say and why they  say it. don’t be fooled into thinking that their professed ideology  necessarily has much to do with their true motivations. i’m not saying  that they’re all liars. i’m just saying that we need to keep an open,  skeptical mind on the subject. so instead of taking their rhetoric at  face value, weigh their actions more than their rhetoric. (for example,  if we invaded iraq to bring democracy to them, why did we kill over a million of their civilians, and why  didn’t we leave for many years after it became apparent that they wanted us to leave?)

don’t for a minute  believe that the possession of wealth or success in life makes it less  likely that a person is a psychopath. wealthy successful psychopaths are  far more dangerous than the ones who end up in jail for drug-related or  other charges. and the most dangerous of all are national leaders with  psychopathic tendencies.

and for god sake, don’t ever think that  just because the only people who are being abused, tortured, and killed  by your government are of some other race, ethnic group, or religion –  muslim, for example – that that means that they (your government) aren’t  likely to turn on you next. 

read more!



posted by harrison at 7:36 am
5 comments










	 ponerology 101: the truth behind the war on terror
	 



human relationships are plagued by fear. this cycle all too often begins  in our first relationship with our parents. too self-absorbed to  recognize what their child truly requires of them, many parents betray  their own child's weakness and dependency on his caregivers  -  his  emotional need for comfort, security, trust, and the loving acceptance  of those closest to him. having missed out on these important periods of   growth, this boy, now a parent himself, may come to feel threatened by  the emotional needs of his own child, becoming dependent on his own  children and spouse to provide what he never had. the vicious cycle  spirals on, and in turn, his own children learn to stifle their needs,  deny their own feelings, and live as hollow reflections of the needs of  their father. when a child must meet the emotional needs of a parent,  and not the other way around, the parent-child relationship is inverted.  stephanie donaldson-pressman and robert pressman  call this the 'narcissistic family dynamic', and the problems it causes  are directly relevant to the vast geopolitical problems the world  currently faces. 

such children, like their parents, seek some source of comfort, some  sense of security, but not knowing where to look and what to look out  for, they often find it in all the wrong places: their own children,  their lovers, their work, some religious or political cause. as much as  they may deny it, they are motivated by the very fears they experienced  as children  -  afraid of being alone, not belonging, uncertain,  unloved, confused, abandoned. they find shelter from the pain in some  literal or symbolic arms of embrace, yet it is incomplete in some way,  like the 'security' of a sinking ship or of a castle built on  foundations of sand. not wanting to let go, and face that pain again,  they shore up their defenses  -  a rallying of troops to give 'the  people', their own fragmented personalities, a sense of security. but  such a cover-up is built upon and dependent on lies, things half-seen  through the lens of denied and distorted emotion. we may be denying that  we are in a relationship with a psychopath, someone who, despite the  abuse and mental torture they subject us to, offers us some sense of  comfort and stability in life. or we may deny our own betrayal of our  loved ones' emotional needs: the child we criticize and deform according  to our own twisted ideals or the lover we demand to be someone they are  not.     

i find it fascinating how these dynamics of a single human soul  mirror so well the delusions of the many. just as we rally our mental  forces to hold onto that equilibrium we desperately fear losing, we  rally our military forces to protect us from enemies that do not exist,  covering up problems at home that dwarf those projected 'out there'. how  does this come to be? so far in this series, i've described psychopaths  -  individuals devoid of conscience,  incapable of remorse, and hungry for power  -  and their infiltration of  corporations and politics  -  two seats of power in the modern era.

manipulating mass emotion, particularly fear, is their modus  operandi. it's commonly said that politicians exploit fear, but  what is missing from this truism is an understanding of exactly what  motivates them to do so, why they're so good at it, and the extent to  which they go about doing so. psychopaths understand human behavior,  often better than we understand ourselves. in the last article i quoted a  diagnosed psychopath, sam vaknin, describing how he used emotional abuse  and insults to break down his victims. it was just one example of the  special psychological knowledge possessed by psychopaths, refined after a  lifetime of observing and interacting with 'others' whose foreign  emotional reactions strike them as so comical and ridiculous. when this  special knowledge is translated onto the global stage, you get  geopolitics and all the propaganda and lies that accompany it.

yes, psychopaths crave power and will do anything they can to hold on to  it, but even that does not get to the heart of the matter. if a  psychopath is not born into a position of influence and power, where he  has license to do whatever he feels compelled to do without recourse, he  feels like a slave in a system he cannot quite understand. he is  hindered by incomprehensible laws, arbitrary social customs and  interpersonal rules that make no sense to him. he is not free to be  himself. to a psychopath, true freedom is simply license to use, abuse,  and torture other people  -  physically, emotionally and financially.  any hindrance on that bloated sense of entitlement is a nuisance he  dreams of removing by instituting a social system of his own creation. this  is the true definition of 'totalitarianism', 'fascism', or a 'new world  order'  -  a system of government where the psychopath is not arrested  for beating his wife, killing his enemies, making emotional wrecks of  his family and close acquaintances, stalking those who know his true  nature and threaten to reveal it to more of those 'others' who so  persecute him. in our world, the 'war on terror' is the means  to this end. new terms like 'homegrown radicalization' and  'extraordinary rendition' are created, while familiar terms are  appropriated and special meanings for those 'in the know' are instilled  alongside the ordinary meanings understood by the common people.

in an interview  in 1989 entitled "recollections of 23 years of service to the us",  pentagon insider col. fletcher prouty described how the days of  traditional warfare were over. the new wars would be economic, and the  new enemy would be terrorism. this is exactly what has happened (see  naomi klein's the shock doctrine). but, as many have come to  know, there is much more to the 'war on terror' than meets the eye. the  long history of cointelpro-type operations in the us, whereby groups  deemed to be potential 'dissidents' are infiltrated and co-opted in a  direction favorable to the national security state, along with echelon surveillance of anyone deemed a potential  'threat' by the political psychopaths in power, makes it absolutely  certain that any potential 'terrorist' group in the us has long since  been identified, observed, and infiltrated by us intelligence and law  enforcement. in fact, this has been the case the world over.

in the aftermath of wwii, and with the advent of a new 'cold war',  various stay-behind operations were formed in the countries of europe  (see daniele ganser's nato's secret armies). these groups formed the  basis of national resistance movements against the threat of communist  takeover. unbeknownst to many involved, they were sponsored largely by  nato and the cia. when it became clear that the threat of communist  invasion was minimal (these movements were active in such countries as  italy, france, belgium, and west germany), the focus shifted from  external threats to potential internal threats  -  local communists and  the 'threat' they posed to the then-current power structures. the cia  funded and supported various extremist right-wing groups in this cause.  neo-nazi groups and other extremist groups were infiltrated and  controlled by the cia and the secret services of the various european  countries.

what was the result? a series of terror attacks struck the civilian  populations of these countries. left-wing groups and individuals were  blamed by the governments, who then entrenched their power with the  support of terrified populations when they turned to them for 'support'  and 'security'. however, the attacks were actually carried out by the  very groups that had been infiltrated and controlled by the governments   -  groups who were then protected by these governments, like in the  milan bombing of 1969 which killed sixteen, or the tuscany railroad  bombings in the early '70s. similarly, as former bbc middle east  correspondent alan hart observes (see his zionism: the real enemy of the jews), israel  and its intelligence service, mossad, has long-since infiltrated every  arab government and 'terrorist' organization. in fact, mossad had agents  tailing several of the alleged 9/11 hijackers in the months prior to  the attacks (see justin raimondo's the terror enigma). not to mention the fact  that osama bin laden had been a cia asset until the day before 9/11, as had many of his fellow mujaheddin  in their fight against the soviets.

when you put these facts together, they paint a striking picture.  western intelligence agencies have long had inside access to various  'terrorist' groups and used them in a self-described 'strategy of  tension'. and yet the us and its allies are currently fighting an  endless war against these nebulous groups that are in fact cia assets.  why? as hermann goering said to his captors at nuremberg, "it is always a  simple matter to drag the people along [to war] ... voice or no voice,  the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. that is  easy. all you have to do is tell them they are being attacked,  and denounce the peacemakers for lack of patriotism and exposing the  country to danger. it works the same in any country." more  truthfully, attack them, tell them they have been attacked by  'communists' or 'terrorists', then denounce the 'liberals', 'bleeding  hearts', and 'peace-lovers' as 'terrorist sympathizers'.

if we look closely at any 'terrorist attack' in the last 10 years - even  the foiled attempts - we see a long list of connected intelligence assets, fbi agents acting as 'al qaeda recruiters', informants, and patsies manipulated for the cause. in recent years,  russia, britain, israel, and the united states have all been caught  red-handed attempting such deceptions. put simply, political psychopaths  are in control of the governments of our world. goaded on by a disdain  for human morality, a drive for power and influence, and a desire to  create a world where they are the ones calling the shots, they have  created an enemy to strike fear into the hearts of humanity and to  exploit the fear that is already present. terrorism does not  exist; at least not in the way governments and the media present it.  terrorist groups have long been infiltrated, created, or otherwise  controlled by these political psychopaths. in essence, these men and  women have murdered their own civilians and blamed a fictitious enemy in  order to gain popular support for a cause that will never be won. the  'war on terror' is an endless one, because these people do not and  cannot see an end to their power. and while we denounce the 'evil  terrorists' and the 'homegrown radicalization' of our own citizens, the  political psychopaths merely see us as suckers, mindless actors in a  play of their own creation. they are like the con man who says, "well if  they were so stupid as to believe me, they deserved it!"

if anything is to change, and if we are ever to end this ridiculous  'war' against an abstract noun, two things are needed. first, we need to  take steps towards removing political psychopaths from office, making  it impossible for psychopaths to achieve any position of political,  corporate, or economic power. giving psychopaths power and influence and  expecting them to be adequate leaders is like expecting a blind man to  drive a bus. psychopaths are color blind when it comes to issues having  to do with the well being of humanity. second, we must come to grips  with our true history, and what is really behind the spin of the current  'war on terror'. we are arresting, torturing, and murdering innocent  people along with patsies whose controllers get away with everything  because they operate behind the scenes. without ponerology, things will  only get worse.

read more!



posted by harrison at 7:31 am
0 comments






13 july 2010



	 
	 ponerology 101: the political psychopath
	 
    


ponerology 101: the political psychopath
by harrison koehli, sott.net, june 13, 2010

before their research into corporate psychopathy, paul babiak and his  colleagues raised several questions in need of answers. they are equally  relevant to the study of political psychopathy and can be rephrased as  follows:   -  how could a psychopath outshine other candidates and achieve success  in politics?
-  why would a psychopath want to enter politics?
-  how long could a psychopath successfully operate in such an  environment?   jim kouri, who served on the national drug task force, has trained  police and security officers throughout the united states, and is  currently the fifth vice-president of the national association of chiefs  of police, answers the first question in an editorial for examiner.com:  quite simply, most [psychopathic] serial killers and many professional  politicians must mimic what they believe are appropriate responses to  situations they face such as sadness, empathy, sympathy, and other human  responses to outside stimuli. ... if violent offenders are  psychopathic, they are able to assault, rape, and murder without concern  for legal, moral, or social consequences. this allows them to do what  they want, whenever they want.  ironically, these same traits exist in  men and women who are drawn to high-profile and powerful positions in  society including political officeholders.             politics is a dog-eat-dog world. not only must politicians be  relatively thick-skinned to handle attacks on their character, they must  be capable of dishing it out in return. psychopaths lie with ease; they  do not have any moral scruples when it comes to character  assassination, empty promises, shameless self-promotion, cutthroat  tactics, and using any means to justify the end. these qualities give  them the leading edge over their more honest (and often naive)  competition. 

politics is little different than any other con-job. in a ponzi scheme,  for example, the con artist targets members of an identifiable group,  whether religious, racial or age-based. regardless of whether or not the  scammer is a member of the target group he pretends to represent the  group. while political psychopaths are instrumental in the rise of  totalitarian political groups, they play an equally important role in  apparently democratic governments. their use of a party mask (no pun  intended!) is so common that it can easily be called their primary modus  operandi.  

but why would a psychopath enter politics in the first place? simply ask  the question, "who is the most powerful person in the world?" and many  will answer: 'the president'. psychopaths seek positions of power and  influence, and politics offers publicity, prestige, and other perks. it  also provides positions of ultimate authority over military, industry,  and entire populations. in a world where psychopaths are understandably  viewed as morally repulsive, often finding themselves at home in the  criminal world, politics offers an opportunity to create a new world, to  be free from the ridiculous (in their minds) moral and legal rules of  society.

scanning recent headlines, we regularly see examples of the corruption  and fraud typical of white-collar psychopaths:  in what could turn out to be the greatest fraud in us history, american  authorities have started to investigate the alleged role of senior  military officers in the misuse of $125bn (£88bn) in a us-directed  effort to reconstruct iraq after the fall of saddam hussein. the exact  sum missing may never be clear, but a report by the us special inspector  general for iraq reconstruction (sigir) suggests it may exceed $50bn,  making it an even bigger theft than bernard madoff's notorious ponzi  scheme. (patrick cockburn, "a 'fraud' bigger than madoff", the  independent, february 16, 2009) 

defense department cannot account for 25% of funds  -  $2.3 trillion
on sept. 10, secretary of defense donald rumsfeld ... said money  wasted by the military poses a serious threat. ... "according to some  estimates we cannot track $2.3 trillion in transactions," rumsfeld  admitted. ... rumsfeld promised change but the next day  -  sept. 11--  the world changed and in the rush to fund the war on terrorism, the war  on waste seems to have been forgotten. ("the war on waste", cbs, january 29, 2002)

israeli police have recommended charging the country's hard-line foreign  minister, avigdor lieberman, with several counts of corruption as part  of a bribery investigation, in a move that could lead to his resignation  and a significant government reshuffle. lieberman, head of a popular  far-right party, is suspected of bribery, fraud, breach of trust, money  laundering and obstruction of justice in a case dating back over nine  years. if charged and convicted on all counts he faces up to 31 years in  jail. (rory mccarthy, "israeli police recommend corruption  charges against avigdor lieberman", the guardian, august 2,  2009)  in 2008, illinois governor rod  blagojevich came under similar media scrutiny, with several commentators  speculating as to his mental health. blagojevich was impeached for  attempting to auction off newly elected president obama's vacant senate  seat. however, even before his impeachment, the signs were obvious. in  his profile of the governor for february 2008 issue of chicago magazine, david bernstein  portrayed blogojevich as narcissistic, arrogant, vindictive,  charismatic, irresponsible, impulsive, untrustworthy, and with  presidential aspirations (how typical!).

after interviewing more than 20 associates of blagojevich ("from current  and former members of the governor's administration and his campaign  staff to state lawmakers, democratic benefactors and operatives,  academics, pundits, and political prognosticators"), bernstein noted  that several "resorted to colorful, four-letter language when describing  the governor. the list of printable insults included "greedy," "dumb,"  "paranoid," and "phony."" they described dramatic displays of temper  over items as trivial as office stationary, "alleged illegal hiring and  political kickback scandals", his unapologetic lateness for meetings and  even funerals, and a litany of political failures and embarrassments.  as bernstein puts it, for the man who once bragged of his "testicular  virility" in standing up for himself against the offender in the  stationary incident, "all the withering criticism, negative newspaper  headlines, and next-to-nothing approval ratings should feel like a kick  to the groin. but if he's fazed, he doesn't show it. in public,  he looks easygoing, unshaken, even self-assured. he still cracks jokes  and smiles that big, toothy grin."

cool under pressure, blagojevich obviously saved his temper for more  profitable situations:  "he can't control himself," says miller. "i've heard people say that on  his own staff." a democratic insider adds, "rod sometimes just goes out  of his way to have a fight, just because he can. it's as though he  relishes them." ... last summer, the downstate newspaper the peoria  journal star declared that the governor was "going bonkers." privately, a  few people who know the governor describe him as a "sociopath," and  they insist they're not using hyperbole. state representative joe lyons,  a fellow democrat from chicago, told reporters that blagojevich was a  "madman" and "insane." "he shows absolutely no remorse," says jack  franks, the democratic state representative. "i don't think he gives a  damn about anybody else's feelings. he tries to demonize people who  disagree with him; he's got delusions of grandeur."  called  a "liar" and likened to a "used-car salesman" by lawmakers after one  incident, "in an unprecedented move, they demanded that blagojevich put  any promises on paper in so-called memorandums of understanding." in  fact, he spent much of his time in office "fending off accusations of  ethical irregularities within his administration." but despite the  rumors, innuendos, and outright accusations, "blagojevich has claimed -  sometimes indignantly - that he has done nothing wrong. he blames the  scandals on "a few bad apples who violated the rules" and who deceived  him." in short, blagojevich shows all the hallmarks of a political  psychopath, albeit a fairly obvious one. and he surely isn't the only  one. just as the 'best' psychopaths are those who evade detection,  living lifetimes of successful crime, the best political psychopaths  operate in such a manner as to hold on as long as possible.

robert hare, in his 1970 book psychopath: theory and research,  as well as james blair, derek mitchell, and karina blair in their 2005  book the psychopath: emotion and the brain, observe  that negative environmental conditions such as low socioeconomic  status, abuse, and poor parenting, along with low iq, are often  associated with high psychopathy scores, particularly among those who  engage in persistent, violent criminal behavior. these psychopathic  offenders are often considered the worst of the worst in courts and  prisons. however, these factors seem only to affect the expression  of psychopathy. as dr. hare says in filmmaker ian walker's excellent  documentary, i, psychopath, on the diagnosed psychopath and  self-styled narcissism guru, sam vaknin, while psychopaths often tell  of some traumatic childhood that made them the way they are, psychopaths  come from all backgrounds, good or bad. speaking of successful  psychopaths like vaknin, he says, "if you're very bright, know how to  dress well; you have, say, the gift of the gab; you're raised in an  affluent family background; [then] you don't go in the bank and rob it,  you get in the bank and become a director..."



in fact, vaknin makes a perfect case study for the type of psychopath  that is most dangerous to political institutions, and thus entire  nations. best known as an internet guru for "malignant self-love",  vaknin was arrested in israel in 1995 for major securities fraud. the  documentary follows walker, vaknin, and lidija (vaknin's wife) as they  visit several european institutions to test if vaknin is indeed a  psychopath. vaknin ends up scoring 18 (out of 24) on the pcl-sv  (screening version), developed by dr. hare, a score  higher than the majority of offenders in us correctional facilities, and  the cutoff point for psychopathy. however, according walker,  vaknin, like many of the so-called successful psychopaths now being  studied by hare, bakiak, and others, is not an "archetypal, textbook"  psychopath. contrary to the criminal populations, vaknin is never  physically violent. he has also been married to the same woman for ten  years, while most psychopaths are seemingly incapable of such  'commitment', engaging in a string of short-term relationships. (his  emotional treatment of her is another matter, however.) most  interestingly, he is remarkably self-aware, and his insights  agree with what the experts have to say. for example, in total  seriousness, vaknin had the following exchange with walker:  vaknin: "i like to present a facade of the self-effacing,  modest person. it gives people the impression that, underneath it all,  i'm human."

walker: "but you are human, aren't you?"

vaknin: "i firmly believe that you want to believe that, yes.  ... [the psychopath] regards people as instruments of gratification and  as disposable things to be used. ... the vast majority of psychopaths,  like an iceberg, are underwater, and like an iceberg, they are inert.  they do nothing. they're just there. they torment their spouse by being  unempathic, but they don't beat her or kill her. they bully coworkers,  but they don't burn the office. they are not dramatic. they are  pernicious. most psychopaths are subtle. they are more like  poison than a knife, and they are more like slow-working poison than  cyanide."  after subjecting walker to a series of degrading insults (a regular  occurrence during filming), and with walker still visibly in shock,  vaknin coolly, and with disturbingly sadistic insight, described the  process to him:  "your body was flooded instantly with adrenalin and its relatives like  norepinephrine ... now when these moments pervade the bloodstream, your  brain reacts. it shuts down certain centers and activates others. this  is called the stress reaction, or stress syndrome, actually. then when  the abuse recedes, the adrenalin levels begin to drop. as they drop, the  entire system goes into mayhem. so what bullies usually do, they start  and stop, start and stop. that achieves the maximal stress syndrome, and  this is the great secret of bullying. never overdo it. small doses. the  victim will do the rest.  - although you are shaking much less [now]  ... i must do something about that."  this type of self-aware psychopath is perhaps the most dangerous to  humanity. when his instinctive drive for domination of others is coupled  with the means to attain to positions of power, he is not only free of  the restraints of conscience by nature, but finds himself largely above  (or indeed the architect) of the laws that are meant to protect normal  human beings from the the deviant impulses so clearly defined by the  psychopathic mind. as a president, politician, military or corporate  chief, a vast number of people are literally at his mercy.

read more!



posted by harrison at 3:37 am
0 comments












contributors

laura knight jadczyk
henry see
joe
harrison



now available!

overview

what is ponerology?
pathological types
paramoralisms
ideology

zionism

pdf: the controversy of zion by douglas reed
jewish history, jewish religion by professor israel shahak
the iron wall: zionist revisionism from jabotinsky to shamir by lenni brenner
zionism in the age of the dictators by lenni brenner
when victims rule by jewish tribal review

previous posts

is the root of evil the psychopathic mind?       
...
sott.net interviews dr. lobaczewski
is there no shame?
foxes and reptiles: psychopathy and the financial ...
review: jon ronson's the psychopath test: a journe...
time for change: why the corrupt few wreak so much...
ponerology 101: the truth behind the war on terror
ponerology 101: the political psychopath
felled by pathocracy: rachel corrie, palestinians ...
ponerology 101: snakes in suits

archives

2005-12-11
2005-12-25
2006-01-01
2006-01-08
2006-01-15
2006-01-22
2006-02-12
2006-02-19
2006-03-05
2006-04-16
2006-08-06
2006-08-27
2006-09-10
2006-10-01
2006-11-26
2006-12-31
2007-02-04
2007-04-08
2007-06-03
2007-06-24
2007-07-01
2007-07-29
2007-08-12
2007-11-18
2007-12-16
2008-01-27
2008-02-17
2008-04-06
2008-04-13
2008-05-04
2008-05-11
2008-08-03
2009-04-26
2010-01-24
2010-02-07
2010-02-28
2010-03-07
2010-03-14
2010-04-25
2010-05-09
2010-05-30
2010-07-11
2010-08-22
2011-05-22
2011-11-06
2011-11-27
2012-05-27

important links

scientists search for the seat of evil
psychological and biological theories of criminal conduct
the origins of violence: is psychopathy an adaptation?
seeing evil
the psychology of evil
beyond therapy: some evil can't be cured
violence as secular evil
kubrick's psychopaths society and human nature in the films of stanley kubrick
the bad seed: the fledgling psychopath
the socially adept psychopath
bush isn't a moron, he's a cunning sociopath
the psychopath: the mask of sanity
official culture - a natural state of psychopathy? 
discussion of psychopathy traits
how psychopaths view their world
the psychopath as physician
construct validity of psychopathy in a community sample
psychopaths: wolves in sheep's clothing
eight ways to spot emotional manipulation
the serial bully
psychopaths among us
psychopathy vs. antisocial personality disorder and sociopathy: a discussion by robert hare
predators by robert hare
profile of the psychopath by hare
dr. robert hare profile and work
the psychopath next door...
an interview with martha stout
martha stout's website
the psychopathic personality
the psychopath defined
antisocial personality, sociopathy, and psychopathy
bullying behavior may be genetic, a study in twins finds
the partial psychopath
psychopath's find faces a mystery
psychopathy and antisocial personality disorder: a case of diagnostic confusion
psychopathy and the dsm-iv
ten minute test for psychopathy
functional families, dysfunctional brains
speech patterns offer windows into psychiatric disorders
the psychopathic tendency in world politics
center for cooperative research
center for media and democracy
citizens for a legitimate government
global research
google news search
information clearing house
investigating the new imperialism
iraq occupation watch
iraq war: mirror world
medialens
new standard
news insider
online journal
robert fisk
signs of the times
silent nation
technorati
uruknet
the kennedy assassination
ethnic specific weapons
the suicide bombing cycle
co-opting the 9/11 truth movement
neoconservatism, the israeli lobby, and other power relations 
evidence that a frozen fish didn't impact the pentagon on 9/11 - and neither did a boeing 757 
mossad murders former lebanese pm in carbon copy of 1979 assassination








 






