











history news network















































            with support from the university of richmond











history news network puts current events into historical perspective. subscribe to our newsletter for new perspectives on the ways history continues to resonate in the present. explore our archive of thousands of original op-eds and curated stories from around the web. join us to learn more about the past, now.




sign up for the hnn newsletter


















weekly feature



weekly roundup











learn more














features
book excerpts
about
submissions






follow us:
















current events that relate to history



in the newsletter








february 11, 2025
making meaning out of lincoln’s male friendships









february 4, 2025
what is the role of the historian in 2025?









january 28, 2025
queering the historical record





see all recent features






history around the web

connected via


















                    comparison                  
forget lincoln or reagan—trump's political idol is a mobbed-up brooklyn boss


                        donald trump’s model of political leadership? the cigar-chomping, baseball-bat swinging meade esposito.                      

air mail










                    comment                  
the threat behind trump’s praise of mckinley & roosevelt


                        the president says he wants to be peacemaker—but his heroes were warmongers.                      

the american conservative










                    journal article                  
the power of the purse


                        the first time a president withheld funds for something approved by congress, it led to the impoundment control act. we’ll soon find out if that law has teeth.                      

jstor daily










                    book review                  
the prudence and principles of martin van buren


                        the eighth president defined the future of politics.                      

law & liberty









                    petition                  
scholasticide in gaza: an appeal to the aha


                        the organizers of a resolution condemning scholasticide in gaza are calling on leaders of the american historical association (aha) to rescind their veto of the resolution and allow all aha members to vote on it .                      











                    news                  
pete hegseth just did the funniest thing imaginable


                        it’s fort bragg again. so why are confederate heritage groups so mad?                      

slate










exhibit 
international trade


                        histories of how money and commodities have flowed across borders, from the slave-based economies of maritime empires to contemporary globalization.                      










from the hnn archive








what is the role of the historian?
rethinking the job of history — and the american historical association — after the veto of the gaza “scholasticide” resolution.
by barbara weinstein









letting the world scream
in 1984, the u.s. rejected the international court of justice’s jurisdiction, revealing its tendency to ignore international rules it sees as unfavorable — even when it helped write them.
by sean t. byrnes









the first and last queen of haiti in exile
queen marie-louise outlived most of her family, yet her story about the revolution and its aftermath was rarely consulted by those writing the era’s history.
by marlene l. daut









ohio’s little-known fascist member of congress
how a local prosecutor protected white supremacists and went on to a career in washington, dc.
by dana frank









the forebears of jd vance and the new right
revisiting the agrarian-distributists and their fabrication of an american past.
by olivia paschal









nuggets of condescension
by universalizing their own economic history, western observers have used the past to portray african economic culture as backward and inadequate. 
by bronwen everill









the burned-over district
the northeast caught fire this fall, in a way that recalls its past. history has some lessons about how to manage the region’s fire seasons to come.
by stephen pyne









who built the panama canal?
finding testimony from the afro-caribbean workers who changed the americas forever.
by julie greene









copyright 2025. all rights reserved.
subscribe to the newsletter


brought to you by 










