ï»¿






neurospeech software - research and development | mobile first






















toggle navigation








home
services
products
clients
about
contact













atoms.js is the best html5 framework
we have designed enterprise grade javascript framework that runs on all browsers and
										it is capable to manage rich data interfaces.
									
read more












an array of cloud/.net contributions
we have created range of services and open source libraries to help developers and businesses communicate 
										better through cloud.
									
read more












modern development for modern devices
we specialize in creating rich internet applications that run on variety of devices.


request quote







awesome services
we provide state of art services for variety of consumers.











ux design
we provide consistent, clean and easy to operate ux on all variety of devices.







cloud consultancy
migrating to cloud? sure, there are million permutations and combinations each in increasing cost and time factor, let us manage your migration and reduce your cost of operations.







legacy apps to html5
html5 is the new standard, legacy desktop apps needs complete rewrite, we can help migrate all legacy desktop to html5 ui with help of atoms.js framework which is very easy to extend and develop.







startup consultancy
have a great idea? we can help converting your idea into reality by helping you in designing right software solution.









wsclient ++ is a soap web service sdk for anrdoid, iphone, ios and blackberry mobile phones.
it generates source code in java, cocoa (objective-c) along with helper library which you can use to make web service call easily.
free demo







our products
we have delivered many useful products used by biggest names in the industry.









 wsclient++
used by all major companies, wsclient++ is the only soap connector for mobile with native performance and support for all devices.









atoms.js
framework for easy migration from java, silverlight and flex to html5, retaining java expertise and reusing them to build next generation html5 apps









soap to json api
api cloud for soap to json online proxy/gateway api enables calling soap web services with json format, pay as you go with no monthly committments.









asp.net mvc rest extensions
dynamic rest api framework with dynamic dto (data transfer objects) along with first of its kind database firewall to enable business security rules.









 iis-continous-integration
continuous integration for hosting asp.net projects on iis, with support of tfs, git with pure .net libraries without need of node or third party server









xaml to pdf
complex pdf generation made easy with open source xaml flowdocument to pdf converter with wysiwyg xaml to pdf conversion.










clients


				   neurospeech has a strong heritage working for both established and entrepreneurial technology companies and we are increasingly applying our innovative approaches to progressive companies across a range of industries.


				






microsoft 








cisco








samsung








bank of america








boeing








scheneider








virgilio








cognizant










about us
neurospeech technologies of india was formed in 2001 with the introduction of few pc tools from utilities to development tools. over the perido of time, neurospeech has delivered variety of open source tools and 
				development tools used by major corporations.


cloud first
 
						we at neurospeech believe in being cloud first company, rely more on digital life and we follow paperless principles to make life easier with newest tools. we have successfully delivered products and solutions all across the globe.

					
continous innovation
 
						we believe in inventing new tools and procedures to achieve maximum perfomance instead of following traditional development workflow. because market is changing rapidly, we need to change rapidly and technology lifespan is reducing and we need to continously migrate to newer and latest technology.

					
open source

						we believe in contributing open source development by making most of our product open source.
 
					
javascript development

                        we have developed powerful enterprise grade javascript apps, we can offer you development in javascript with the existing team of javascript experts.

                    
learn more








our process
our software development team has a unique standpoint of providing software solutions which directly enhance the revenue models of businesses. we have mastered the art of providing software solutions which maximizes revenue out of existing business processes.





1


meet





2


plan





3


design





4


develop





5


testing





6


launch








get in touch
support@neurospeech.com










loading...










					© 2015 neurospeech technologies pvt ltd.
				





















