













wildwoods, new jersey - the best place to visit, vacation and dine

































































































skip to content



visit the wildwoods (home)
convention center
business info
webcam
press room
contact
win a family vacation
my trip








my trip
















visit the wildwoods (home)
convention center
business info
webcam
press room
contact
win a family vacation


book your stay
events calendar
things to do

adventures
amusements
beaches
boardwalk
dining
festivals and events
outdoor activities
nightlife
local spirits
historical/cultural attractions
golf


plan a vacation

hotels and motels
vacation rentals
places to eat
things to do
events calendar
places to shop
places to explore
places to golf


about us

awards and accolades
in the news/blog
photos and videos
our history
our future


visitor information

vacation guide books
community directory
beach information
directions/transportation
bicycling
docks and boat launches
faq ww
general info


social

facebook
instagram
youtube
tiktok



plan a meeting or event

convention or meeting
sporting events
trade shows
concerts
banquets and weddings


attend a meeting or event

accommodations
convention center calendar
faq


resources

forms and downloads
catering
floor plans and tour
submit an rfp


get to know us

personnel
fun facts
media room


jobs
contact us
social

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram



promote your business

business listings
accommodation listings
promote your event
retail listing application
restaurant listing application
tourism attraction application
accommodation listing application
rental listing application


administration

njsea/gwtida
financial reports
board activity
board members
gwtida team
gwtida docs
join our team


do business with us

business information
event docs and applications
open rfps


social

facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube





















 






















 







welcome to the wildwoods, nj! 



you don’t have to go far to get away from it all. with over 8,000 hotel-motel rooms and 3,000 vacations rentals in the wildwoods, you’ll discover the best of the jersey shore—all on one five-mile island. with everything from free white-sand beaches to a 38-block world-famous boardwalk, it’s easy to find something new to discover around every corner. start planning your stay today! 














plan a vacation










in the news










sign up for our newsletter























book your hotel stay now 









 











hotels and motelssearch for places to stay 







vacation rentalssearch rental properties 











 amusement attractionsfun for the whole family festivals and eventsthe event capital of the east coast boardwalk38 blocks of pure entertainment the beachesfive miles of clean, safe, free beaches diningfrom gourmet options to boardwalk fare outdoor activitiesdo everything under the sun local spiritslocal wineries, breweries and more historical/culturalexplore the local culture nightlifegrown-up fun when the sun goes down golfplay a round with friends 













upcoming events in the wildwoods 









events calendar















there are lots of fun and exciting events happening in the wildwoods every day on and off the beach. from classic cars to rock stars, to special events and festivals to live entertainment, we offer everything for visitors of all ages and tastes. what’s more, most of our events are entirely free! 
















02/15/2025 - 02/16/2025spirit brands cheerleading "nationals"03/08/2025 - 03/08/2025shamrock shuttle - free!03/07/2025 - 03/09/2025mid-atlantic cheerleading championships grand nationals03/01/2025 - 03/01/2025spirit brands "the cheer movement"02/15/2025 - 02/15/2025eagles autism foundation winterfest03/15/2025 - 03/15/2025st. patrick's day celebration & parade02/22/2025 - 02/23/2025cheer tech spirit national championships03/15/2025 - 03/15/2025naacp cape may county annual freedom fund gala














































 







the wildwoods trip builder 



									your guide to planning your vacation								



use our interactive tool to select your favorite events and attractions and save them to your itinerary at the push of a button. you can plan your vacation from your computer or phone so you can make the most of your trip. select your trip duration and start flagging things you’d like to do.any of the items in our plan a vacation section can be added to the my trip section of our site. when you are finished you can save your trip, print it out or share it with your friends and family. click on the my trip page at any time to view your trip or head to the plan a vacation section to start selecting events and activities for your upcoming wildwoods vacation. 






plan a vacation
















































 




about this sitesitemap
privacy policy
terms and conditions
press room
opt-out preferences
find us onfacebook
instagram
youtube
tiktok
get updates from the wildwoodssign up for our newslettergive us a ring 800-992-9732

 








website development by sparkable
© 2025
			wildwoods
supported by a grant from new jersey department of state.
		division of travel and tourism.










manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional cookies



functional cookies

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 



















 duration  start date  end date submit login|sign upemail view my trip your stayyour activities

username or email address


password

 remember me



















