




  


dentist - manhasset ny | golden dental wellness center



















































(516) 627-8400
444 community dr, ste #204, manhasset, ny 11030

















tap for menu 
homeaboutmeet our dentistsmeet the teamwhat sets us apartin the newsour blogfor patientsoffice tourpatient formstestimonialsnewslettersbefore and afterpressdental faqsorthodontic faqsalternative therapiesoral cancer screeningvelscope® oral cancer screeningoralcdxwaterlaseplatelet rich fibrincalcium method of osteo-cystic therapymercury free dentistryfluoride freemyobraceservicesbrushing and flossingdenturesdental implantssedation dentistryrelaxation dentistrypediatric dentistrytmj-tmdrestorative dentistrycrownsteeth whiteningkör® whiteningepic™ laser dentistrybondingchao pinhole® surgical techniqueperiodonticsveneerstechnologyinvisalign®digital x-raysintraoral cameraitero® element™isolitewaterlasecontactoffice locationappointment requestrefer a friendpost-appointment survey 

 












a healthy smile is golden








meet our dentists
learn more 





meet the team
learn more 





office hours
learn more 





tour our office
learn more 








welcome to golden dental wellness center in manhasset, ny


golden dental wellness is a comprehensive, state-of-the-art dental treatment center. our office is an oasis of total dental professionalism that provides for extraordinary patient care to treat the whole person, not just their teeth.
in our caring, patient oriented environment, we offer meticulous and uncompromising dental care. our team of holisitic dentists, dental hygienists, highly skilled dental assitants and office management staff strive to touch the lives of our patients with a pleasant and pain free dental experience—an experience that leaves everyone smiling from the inside out.
ours is a family dental practice specializing in holistic, laser, restorative, implant, and cosmetic dentistry. dr. batool rizvi, dr. linda golden, and dr. annie kyung provide the dental care you need to achieve the beautiful, natural look you seek.
golden dental wellness would love to meet you and your family and provide you with the dental care you need and give you all smiles you deserve! our office is easily accessible and makes it convenient to those living near manhasset to get the care they deserve. schedule an appointment at our manhasset dental office today!






our services
dental services from golden dental wellness center are designed to meet your oral health needs while promoting your body’s overall health and wellness.
alternative therapies


cosmeticdentistry
correct chips, cracks, and discoloration with advanced cosmetic dental services.


dentures
regain your ability to eat and speak with custom dentures.


implants
replace missing teeth and regain your confidence with dental implants.


gumdisease
treat gum disease with non-invasive, non-surgical procedures.




orthodontics
get the smile you’ve always wanted with braces or invisalign®.


restorative
restore your smile to its youthful glow with bridges and crowns.


preventive
prevent problems before they start with effective home care.



relaxationdentistry
eliminate dental anxiety and fear with relaxation options.


tmjtreatment
get rid of jaw pain and dysfunction with non-invasive tmj therapy.






new patients
 view forms

























golden dental wellness center

444 community dr, ste #204manhasset, ny 11030
(516) 627-8400
email: services@goldensmile.com









back to top


website powered by sesame 24-7™
            
|
site map









