












icymi: propertybase go is now lone wolf front office | lone wolf technologies




























































































      skip to main content
    









contact block


your name



your email address


 
subject





 
message





send message
preview





about lone wolf - timeline
    

      this block is broken or missing. you may be missing content or you might need to enable the original module.
  












lone wolf technologies












           


     
close
 back


solutionsexpand_more


what is foundation? real estate’s only end-to-end platform  
  products find the product that works for you  chevron_right 


  advertising intelligent digital advertising  

         analytics metrics on agents, business, market  

       back office back office, accounting, commissions, reporting  

  cma listing presentations, reports  

     crm automated lead gen, nurture, marketing  

  esignature real estate’s #1 digital signing tool  

  intranet internal collaboration, communication  

    leads done-for-you lead generation  

       open house digital lead capture and nurture  

       property search branded client collaboration app  

  transactions forms, workflow, signings, management  

    websites real estate website, idx and listing sync  



  who we serve agent, brokerage, mls, association  chevron_right 


   agent over 1.5m agents in north america  

   broker over 20k offices in north america  

   mls/association over 1k organizations in north america  



  services find training, marketing, and more  chevron_right 


   training get to know your lone wolf software  

   marketing done-for-you marketing services  



integrations explore third-party connections  



resources
who we are
support
contact sales



login
contact sales

search

close
search
search‍


menu
























icymi: propertybase go is now lone wolf front office
by the wolf pack
august 29, 2024





















 

propertybase users: log in here
as a real estate brokerage, your online presence is your key to success—and the crm software you use to reach potential clients has a big hand in that. 
not too long ago, we introduced the new generation of real estate software, including lone wolf foundation, a groundbreaking new platform to bring brokerages one login, one workflow, and one client database for their most-used real estate apps.
we’re thrilled to share that propertybase go has now become lone wolf front office, and is available in lone wolf foundation today to make your website and crm work simpler, and connect your software with other solutions throughout your brokerage.
 
breaking down barriers for your most critical activities
as ceo jimmy kelly explained following lone wolf’s acquisition of propertybase in 2022, there’s a big need for key software like transaction management, back office, crm, and websites to come together: 

“our customers want—and need—these essential solutions to work together, so they can run their entire business in one place.” 

today, we’re taking it a step further to create a simpler system for the real estate software you know and trust. together with lone wolf foundation and solutions like lone wolf back office and lone wolf transact, propertybase is becoming part of the new generation of lone wolf software. 
 
connect with clients: real estate websites, crm, and marketing
lone wolf front office is a multi-purpose solution for real estate crm and marketing that brings together:

propertybase go 
propertybase websites 
propertybase marketing 

into a centralized hub for your brokerage’s online presence.
learn more about front office
get started with front office today and see how you can: 

launch your ideal online presence with simple yet stunning website and email builders 
expand your business with comprehensive lead generation through your website 
maintain a consistent brand across agent websites tied to your brokerage site 

 
connect with your brokerage: real estate intranet
additionally, the real estate intranet software you know as:

propertybase back office 
backagent 

is now lone wolf workspace, a centralized hub for your brokerage’s internal communications. 
learn more about workspace 
get started with workspace today and see how you can: 

keep everyone in your brokerage on track for goals, mission, and more 
promote transparency and share knowledge with a company-wide document library 
ensure everyone is connected and informed on key updates and information 

 
where can i find future updates? 
you can find everything you need to know about lone wolf front office, lone wolf workspace, and future updates to the features you know from propertybase on our website.  
explore lone wolf front office explore lone wolf workspace
don’t forget to check out the community for useful articles and information, too! 
















arrow_left_altback to all posts








search
search








most popular posts




january 30, 2025strategies to grow your real estate brokerage in 2025 
january 29, 2025q4 2024 market report: did real estate cool off? 


























follow lone wolf
   



















sales and support:
1.866.279.9653














company


about us
contact
join the team
news and press
brand resources
privacy statement
terms of use
terms of service
accessibility
do not sell or share my personal information












products











advertising
analytics
back office
cma
crm
esignature
intranet
leads
open house
property search
transactions
websites
























latest posts




january 30, 2025strategies to grow your real estate brokerage in 2025 
january 29, 2025q4 2024 market report: did real estate cool off? 

























*offers and promotions only apply to new purchases of full product and cannot be retroactively applied to previous purchases or add-on modules.
© copyright   - lone wolf technologies. all rights reserved.


































































































































‍


select your transaction solution
to make sure you're enjoying the best experience, please let us know which transaction solution you're using today.
‍









