




your mother



































your mother


















home


pictures


videos


discography


diaries


shows




 spotify


 apple music


 facebook


 instagram


 bandcamp


 youtube


 discogs











no longer a band, now just a web site
hailing from pleasanton, california, your mother formed in 1990, before most of the band members had driver’s licenses. the band shamelessly combined punk, thrash, metal, weird al songs, and fart jokes into a whirlwind of stupidity that was best experienced by other 14 to 19-year-old suburban outcasts. initially influenced by bands like descendents, d.r.i., d.i., the dead milkmen, and other bands that start with the letter d, they expanded their sound to include all letters of the alphabet over the next ten years (except “u”, obviously).
their first full-length album, one big inside joke, released in 1995, was a bloated, confusing, and debated-ly genius 74-minute collection of spastic outbursts, slayer covers, and inside jokes. the band, now mostly out of high school, set sail on several failed tours across north america, hawaii, australia, new zealand, and even israel before calling it quits in 2000. during that time they recorded and released several vinyl-only releases, which were compiled on the digital-only release one big disappointment in 2011.
2020 marks the 25 year anniversary of “one big inside joke”, so the band decided to re-release the album on cassette in malaysia (no, really) and make a shortened, copyright-violation-free version available on streaming platforms.
members of your mother are spread across the globe (california, oregon, texas, hawaii, and germany) and still make music as the love songs, scheisse minnelli, el sancho, and joseph demaree.











old music streaming new again!
abridged version of one big inside joke available now
you can finally listen to your mother on your favorite streaming services such as:

spotify
apple music
youtube music





















new old your mother video from 1998!
over two decades in the making!




this is a video for a cover of the saved by the bell theme by your mother (recently described as an “alright san jose band” despite being not alright or from san jose).
it was filmed, and subsequently lost, by world famous cult cinema auteur adam barker on october 18, 1998 at and around the world famous harvest park middle school in world famous pleasanton, california. the footage was then found and handed over to skot leach whose greatest contribution to the project was losing it again. then, in the wee dawn of the 2000's, the footage was found again and handed off to alex koll who also lost it. for a good 15 years it was unwittingly shuttled from hard drive to hard drive until alex finally found both the footage and a way to cram an entire day's worth of recorded tom-foolery into a minute-long video.
the band recorded this song in 1994, filmed this video in 1998, broke up in 2000, and have chosen to release this video apropos of nothing in 2018.
furthermore, this song appears as one of 49 tracks on your mother's first full-length release “one big inside joke&rduo. it wasn't like we didn't have at least 60 original songs by the time of this video's filming, yet when opportunity knocked in the form of a-guy-we-know-had-a-camera we answered with this tune - a cover of a theme song to a tv show none of us particularly liked. even more furthermore, your mother had two singers, and mikey (né zebra x) was not one of them. so basically this is a not an accurate portrayal of the band's sound, and yet it is a perfect portrayal of how the band functioned.





starring:

joseph demaree, the new guy - our protagonist
mikey porter - the bully
bradley roberts - the dork
alan kasameyer the genius - the genius
maryncraig rhodellmeier - the guy who is way too old to be in a middle school-based video
pac-man
courtney munoz - the bully of the bully
colonel matthew von burink - topless cyclist

also featuring:

alex koll
sean hugunin
bonnevicci
todd morgan
pete wagner
melissa and emily pease
seth strong
jason miller
laura and janice munoz










new your mother album for 2011!“one big disappointment!”
sources say it lives up to its name!




the exciting sequel to your mother's 1995 semi-hit album one big inside joke is finally available.
after years of expensive litigation and blackmail, the master tapes have seen the light of day and are ready for your purchase in new exciting high quality 320kbps mp3 "download" format. one big disappointment features 39 songs recorded between 1996-2009, lovingly remastered and sequenced by hot lixx hulahan in kip winger's basement. most songs previously available only on obscure vinyl records, others never before released! for good reason! they're awful! i mean, wait, did i say that out loud? included in the download is a 16 page companion booklet featuring over a hundred embarrassing photos and a comprehensive blow-by-blow analysis of the entire album by craigums and alan the genius.
due to excessive copyright violations and other ethical blunders, yourmother.com is the only online source for one big disappointment. not available on itunes or wherever else you purchase "music".





name your own price!this labor of love, to us, is priceless and couldn't possibly have a value attached. however, here are a few prices we suggest you may want to pay, using exciting new "pay pal" technology.




yeah, $5 seems reasonable $5.00
el cheapo $2.00
what, 39 songs isn't worth much to you? $3.00
i mean seriously, it took us 15 years to finish this album $4.00
unless you really love us $6.00
and feel we've enriched your life somehow $7.00
maybe you named your firstborn after us $8.00
or your dog? $9.00
or your mother? $10.00







note: click the “return to onebigdisappointment@gmail.com” link on the paypal invoice when done to get the album!


what, you're some sort of cheap jerk who doesn't value years of hard work and toil? you don't want our kids to go to a decent college? oops, i left a link for you to download (192kbps, if you want the 320, you need to plunk down a couple bucks) it without paying right here. some people call that stealing... some people call it liberating music from its oppressive overlords. if you have no conscious, are a bad, bad person or promise to mail us a box of cookies as payment, go nuts with that link. the rest of you should at least give us a few dollars, ok?



track listing:

funzone
i'll be mellow when i'm dead
brusha brusha brusha
if spankin' it were an olympic event...
friends don't let friends drink and talk
i'm so happy
dare to be stupid
megaman
the prisoner
dinger sofa
mr. robinson
happy birthday
greg: masturbator
why i'll never have another girlfriend
mr. color tv
saccity-sac
freewheel burnin'
true story
lemme be ur hog
do you know the way to (become a) san jose?
don't fuck with the ghost
your mother vs nardwuar
everything you know is wrong
love 1 (radio edit)
love 2 (hella mix)
love 3 (swing jam)
love 4 (hate)
huh?
your mother live
mosh garden
help yourself '97
the ballad of butthead jeff
jealousy
the worst thing
being vegan made bradley fat
leggo my falafel
wool thieves
waiting for the good part
1-2-3 baby, yeah!









































