
















home





























               


     welcome


   welcome from fr. peter



  i'm new - parish registration





  mass times



  about us


   staff



  our mission



  bulletins with parish events



  sacraments


   baptism



  marriage



  reconciliation





  all photos





  ministries


   ministries to serve in



  ministry guidelines



  christ renews his parish "crhp"



  council of catholic women



  f.i.s.h. fellowship invites serving  & helping



  knights of columbus



  mental health



  ocia - order of christian initiation for adults



  religious education



  respect life



  request a prayer blanket



  sos "serving our sick"



  st. vincent de paul society



  youth and young adult





  february 15 parish morning of reflection and renewal



  upcoming events


   event registration form



  events calendar



  facilities scheduler



  new bulletin with parish events





  contact us



  school






   

online giving








    
 





       add your custom html here
welcometo our parish family at san juan del rio catholic church.learn more



    february 15 parish morning

of reflection and renewal registration




   

 
 you're invited

 mass times

regular mass times:saturday: 5:15pmsunday: 7:00am, 9:00am, 11:00am, 5:00pmdaily mass, mon-fri: 7:00am and 9:00amconfession times:saturday: 3:30-5:00pm in the churchdivine office & eucharistic adoration:weekdays from 7:30 - 8:55amfirst friday the month from 9:30am to 9:00pmholy days of obligation mass times:vigil mass - 7:00pm, mass during the day - 7:00am, 9:00am, 12:00pmoffice hoursmon-fri: 8:00 am to 4:00 pm
  

become a member

  

update registration





   

  first friday adoration sign up
  "the greatest love story of all time is contained

in a tiny white host."
     — archbishop fulton j. sheen
   

sign up

 sign up for your hour of adoration during the week
   

sign up for your hour




      




























 our bulletin

stay up-to-date with our newest bulletin and never miss a publication.learn more
   






    



live-stream
sunday mass join us in person or online for sunday morning mass.
   






     


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 i'm new!

are you new to san juan del rio catholic church or curious about joining the catholic faith?
   








   

  our mission
 our mission is guided
by the following principles:  the celebration of god’s grace through our participation in the seven sacraments.our living each day, in a manner that reflects god’s presence in us.the living, as good samaritans, with care and concern for others.the active embracing and enriching of our community.the maintaining of both the physical and spiritual body of christ.the training and teaching of catholic values to our parish community.the preservation and continuation of the traditions of the catholic church.



   

  stay up to date on what's happening at san juan del rio. start receiving our weekly and monthly newsletters today thru flocknote!


   

sign up




    get involved

 interested in being an integral part of our ministry and culture of stewardship?


   

learn more









      

  useful links
     diocese of st augustine



  u.s. bishop's conference



  formed






  contact info
 1718 state road 13,
north st. johns, fl 32259ph:
904-287-0519
  follow us
     

 







     © 2025 
weconnect  |  by lpi




























































































































  
  share by:









