










home | dinosaur rock guitar



































      skip to main content
    























 

 

 

x


main navigation


home


forum


knowledge base +


guitars


construction


electronics


brands/models




amps


boutique amps


classic dino brands


general concepts and articles


orange tiny terror – the first drg-recommended/endorsed dino amp


tubes




cabs and speakers


cabs


speakers




effects


general concepts


overdrive, distortion, and compression


time based effects


wah




playing


general concepts


technique


joe's video lessons




recording


articles and advice


modern


traditional


recording effects




tone




alchemy +


guitar alchemy


a - h


i - q


r - z


classes and stylistic periods




honorable mentions




reviews +


entertainment


cd


dvd


book


concert




gear reviews


guitar


pickups


amp


cabs


speakers


effects


recording gear


miscellaneous gear reviews




music appreciation


accept - the final chapter


black sabbath - born again


bruce dickinson - the chemical wedding


deep purple - come taste the band


gary moore - victims of the future


glenn hughes - burning japan live


judas priest - british steel


pat travers band - heat in the street


pride & glory - pride & glory


rainbow - long live rock n roll


riverdogs - riverdogs


thin lizzy - black rose


tony iommi - iommi


vandenberg - vandenberg


zz top - rhythmeen






interviews


about us


faq




 
 
 
 
 












 








 






drg alchemy podcast – jimmy page part 1




 dinosaur david b
 15 september 2023




watch it on yt before it's blocked or the music is stripped out:
increase the speed to taste. (highly recommended! it's 4 hours otherwise).
once it is blocked or stripped, you can see it in full here:
http://dinosaurrockguitar.com/video/page-alchemy-1.mp4

read more about drg alchemy podcast – jimmy page part 1
 





gary moore - the official biography




 dinosaur david b
 24 october 2022




 
for a guy who is one of my favorite guitarists and biggest influences on guitar, i felt i knew a lot about gary moore (before reading this book). i was wrong! this book showed me that while i knew plenty about gary's music and guitar work, i knew scant little about his personal life. i always read or watched every gary moore interview i came across where he's talking about his music. from these, you can glean bits of his personality, but they hardly paint a full picture.
biographies on thin lizzy, phil lynott, and players gary worked with, such as ozzy and glenn hughes, all filled in more of the blanks. they all paint a picture of a supremely-talented, all-or-nothing musician. and when these musical relationships reached critical mass, they usually ended badly. but those are only slices of gary's life, told in the context of stories that weren't about gary. 
read more about gary moore - the official biography
 





kramer nightswan (reissue)




 gunner4life
 8 september 2022



 



summary
full disclosure… i’ve only had the guitar a week, but i have no reason to believe opinions about it will change. guitars with similar features, coming from indonesia, are going for as much as $400 more, hell ibanez premiums go for as much as nearly $1000 more, so there is some good features for a $900 guitar in 2022. the most impressive thing about this guitar is the fret work, super smooth edges, no dead spots.

read more about kramer nightswan (reissue)log in or register to post comments
 





kiesel vader 6x headless




 gunner4life
 29 may 2022



 



summary
i’ve owned 2 carvins, a prs style ct4 and a strat style bolt, both, while solid guitars, were not as good as the prs or strat that i owned that they were copying… this kiesel vader is quite possibly the best playing guitar i have ever put my hands on. the satin neck, ebony board, and stainless fret all make for a very smooth feel across the neck. the hipshot designed tremolo feels more like a floyd rose than it does a typical non locking tremolo unit, like fender or gotoh traditional tremolos, you can basically do all your floyd acrobatics on this tremolo…. and it stays in tune.

read more about kiesel vader 6x headlesslog in or register to post comments
 





fender american ultra stratocaster




 gunner4life
 29 may 2022



 



summary
do we really need another fender strat review here on drg? probably not, but this isn’t your fathers fender strat. a purists nightmare, the fender american ultra series strat features a 10”-14” compound radius fingerboard, as well as a satin finish on the neck and fingerboard. both of these features are preferable to me.

read more about fender american ultra stratocasterlog in or register to post comments
 





jhs bonsai screamer




 gunner4life
 26 may 2022



 


this is an absolutely excellent pedal, built the way you would expect a jhs pedal would be built. it might seem a bit pricey, but a ts808 goes for $180 alone. this pedal covers your ts needs, but also provides quality high gain overdrive.
read more about jhs bonsai screamerlog in or register to post comments
 





ben higgins




 dinosaur david b
 26 december 2021



 here's our interview with dino guitar teacher extraordinaire, ben higgins. 


 
https://www.youtube.com/c/benhigginsofficial
https://www.benhigginsofficial.com/

read more about ben higgins
 





drg alchemy podcast – tony iommi




 dinosaur david b
 19 september 2021





read more about drg alchemy podcast – tony iommi
 





drg alchemy podcast – ritchie blackmore




 dinosaur david b
 19 september 2021



 

 
watch it on yt before it's blocked or the music is stripped out:
increase the speed to taste. (highly recommended! it's 2 hours otherwise).
once it is blocked or stripped, you can see it in full here:
 
http://dinosaurrockguitar.com/video/blackmore-alchemy.mp4

read more about drg alchemy podcast – ritchie blackmore
 





jimmy page: the definitive biography 




 dinosaur david b
 18 september 2021



 



summary
i have read many books on jimmy page and led zeppelin. jimmy has always been my biggest musical influence (if i had to pick just one), as a guitarist, songwriter, and producer. when i think about what i want to achieve as a musician, jimmy page is the first image that comes to my mind. to have artistic vision, write great songs, play them well on my guitar, record them myself, and retain total creative control over every aspect of my art. 

read more about jimmy page: the definitive biography log in or register to post comments
 





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2



next page
next ›




last page
last »






  subscribe to 





 







user login



username



password







create new accountreset your password

 

sidebar menu


home


forum


knowledge base


alchemy


reviews


interviews


media center


blogs


awards area


about us


faq




user menu


log in




donate to drg





 




 







            © 2025 dinosaur rock guitar, all rights reserved.
          






 
 
 
 


↑










