


joe giorgianni's home page






joe giorgianni's who page
(established 1995) 

 










this guitar has seconds to live
poster. new and improved.
$10.99 plus shipping (united states only, no foreign 
	shipping).
ok, you asked for the poster and now i have them.why is it new and 
		improved? because i own the original artwork that was used for the 
		newspaper ad. gone is the horizontal smudged line in the middle from 
		where the newspaper was folded and the low quality of a newspaper print. 
		that is what you will get on ebay if you buy one of the cheap 
		reproductions from china - that is, until they copy my poster again.originally a  
		newspaper ad in 1979 for the movie "the kids are
alright," you can now get a poster to decorate your office, dorm room,
workshop, etc.

the poster measures 12"x18" and is printed on 100# text 
stock, using 4-color process printing by a professional printing house.
		posters are mailed rolled in a heavy crush proof mailing tube.

		orders are shipped via usps first class mail.
		






ebay feedbackgreat seller! great product!great 
			graphic...gonna look great on the wall! thanks!!cool poster!! 
			fast shipping!! packaged well!! thank you!!great quality!, great 
			price!, ultra fast shipping!


where is the guitar 
	now???









1969 london coliseum poster. copied from my original.
$9.99 plus shipping (united states only, no foreign 
		shipping).
for the last 25+ years, an original poster of the historic 
december 14, 1969 concert has hung on my living room wall (even my wife loves 
it).
my copy was used to make the reproduction poster that 
		was included in the 2013 tommy super deluxe edition box set.
i now have available copies of my poster. my original was 
photographed and printed by a professional printing house. they are printed on 100# coated 
tan stock.
they are in 
the original 20" x 30" size.
		posters are mailed rolled in a heavy crush proof mailing tube.

		orders are shipped via usps first class mail.
		
		




ebay feedbackfantastic poster! excellent quality, very 
			very happy! thx









        

1982 original shea stadium radio pass.
$2.99 plus shipping (united states only, no foreign 
		shipping).
for the 1982 it's hard tour there were issued radio 
passes for a number of different shows. i mailed a lot of different radio 
stations and most sent me a sticker or two. click here to see the ones i have. 
wplj 95.5 was good enough to send me quite a few of them. they measure 3-1/2"by 
4-3/4" and are printed on a silk like material. the
back is peelable so that you 
can use them as a sticker. mailed to the u.s., canada and everywhere else in the 
world.




ebay feedbackvery satisfied with quality and condition. happy to 
	now own a piece of memorabilia from a concert i attended.a+++++++++
	a+++ very fast shipping, great deal, great ebayer!








my collection
items for sale
programs
buttons
autographs
books and magazines
tickets & ticket stubs
prices realized
t-shirts
who's news, generations and fan club newsletters

photos, cartoons, clippings, press kits
videos and sound file clips and midis
tales about the who 
articles
license plates and scooters
the gibson sg special guitar
live at leeds complete
the essential cds and my 10 favorite who songs
tattoos
	correspondence











now only $2.00 plus postage!

		
		i now have "euro" sticker type who bumper stickers as shown here. put them on your car bumper (duhhh!), 
		lunch pail, refrigerator, etc. click here to order yours or for more 
		information. mailed to the u.s., canada and everywhere else in the 
		world.









		eddie vedder of pearl jam got his sticker! this is a 
		photo of them in the studio. i'm told that eddie travels everywhere with 
		the suitcase at his feet.










rarities 
	from around the world



australia

france

germany



holland


united states
 



united kingdom


japan
 






do you have some original who documents and want to find out what they are 
worth? click here to learn what you probably really have.





if you have any comments, corrections, additions, suggestions or items that i might be
interested in, i can be reached by e-mail at joe@thewho.org


last updated: 
march 29, 2024

