

 schnauzer rescue






 








 

  



 



first virtual animal shelter 


   onlinemagazinefor people who careabout animals  


  schnauzer rescue message board

  schnauzer rescue contacts




  american humane  association 


  aspca publicinformation  


  in defense of animals   


 humane societyof the   united states


 animal legal   defense fund

 no puppy mills. com


 miniature schnauzer rescue of michigan


 montanarescue 



 northeastmissourihumane society


 quansatraining centers. beloit il







     


 


    


our purpose  

   miniature schnauzer rescue of illinois and the midwest places unwanted, homeless or abandoned miniature schnauzers, and occasionally other breeds, into pre-screened homes. each dog is checked by a veterinarian, given all shots, tested for heartworms, spayed or neutered, treated for any illnesses or medical problems that are found, and micro-chipped.     we make a special attempt to rescue dogs from puppy mills, and to educate the public about the inhumane and cruel conditions of these types of breeding facilities. to learn more, see "annie's story" below. 


  


adoption policy  

miniature schnauzer rescue of illinois and the midwest requires  a completed adoption application and home screening. dogs are only placed for adoption in illinois, wisconsin, indiana or iowa. since miniature schnauzer rescue of illinois and the midwest does not ship dogs, adopters must be willing to drive to the northern illinois greater chicago area to pick up their animal. prospective adoptive homes must meet adoption criteria.   in all cases, the final placement decisions are based  on the suitability of each dog for a particular home.   you may request an adoption application by e-mail.  while we tell adopters about the behavior we observed, we cannot be sure that we have seen all aspects of the dog's behavior, nor can we be certain that all medical conditions have been diagnosed. we therefore make no guaranties or  representations as to the health, fitness, demeanor, or well-being of each dog. a non-refundable adoption donation to miniature schnauzer rescue of illinois and the midwest helps to defray a portion of the medical care costs related to rescuing these dogs. the person adopting the dog promises that the dog will not be sold, traded, or disposed of in any way, before informing   miniature schnauzer rescue of illinois and the midwest, which shall hold the option of reassuming custody of the dog. miniature schnauzer rescue of illinois and the midwest may examine and make inquiry regarding the dog at any time.












schnauzer tote bag 



make a donation of $50 or more and receive a free gift of beautiful schnauzer tote!
the schnauzer lover's leather-trimmed tote bag

beautifully crafted accented by real leather trim and handles with sculpted metal dog "charm" on the front zipper
schnauzer tote bag has a zipper top and front pocket that open to lined compartments
measures 11" h x 16" w; 27.9 cm h x 40.6 cm w (not including straps)
contact: caromike@att.net for more information



 

 
if you have a schnauzer to place or if you are looking for a miniature schnauzer or you need information
on available dogs we will try to help you in your search. email us at: caromike@att.net




available dogs 

email caromike@att.net for info on currently available dogs
jeter and amos [adopted] 
these two wonderful boys are looking for a  forever home.they are very sweet, well housetrained, and very good with other dogs. one is three and one is four years old. they are very bonded and will not be split up. these boys are very obedient, nice as can be and so easy to be around.
both boys are on the bigger side, but neither one is used to getting on the furniture unless allowed to do so.
adoption donation, application and vet reference and fenced yard required.





  annie's story 


 

 annie's story  

annie's story is presented here to inform people about the reality of puppy mills. annie is a typical example of the condition of most puppy mill dogs while they are in the puppy mill and when they are all bred out and no longer of any use to the owners. annie is alive today only because she was rescued rather than being killed, which is the cheapest solution and the usual fate of puppy mill dogs that are no longer profitable.  the upper two pictures show annie as she came from the puppy mill.  since most females are bred every single heat (at least twice a year) from their first heat on which occurs while they are still puppies their bodies become used up and broken down at a very young age. when these pictures were taken of annie she was only 5 years old. she had many c-sections and the scar tissue was severe, so even though her normal weight for a female her size should have been about 15 lbs, she weighed over 22 lbs--she had been bred so many times that over a third of her body weight was mammary tissue!   annie had produced a litter of puppies that were all born dead two weeks before these photos were taken, and that is why she was to be shot.  when she was rescued she had the following conditions, all of which were chronic and of long-standing duration and all of which could have been avoided by proper humane medical care and treatment--routinely not provided by puppy millers because medical care comes directly out of the profits these animals produce and it is cheaper to shoot dogs no longer able to produce than it is to give medical care and treat the dog humanely.   annie before: infections in both ears; many rotten teeth (sawdust is routinely mixed with dog food to reduce expenses, and consequently the dogs' teeth rot at an early age because sawdust clings to the gums and teeth and promotes decay---untreated abcessed and rotten teeth promote secondary infections including heart disease, which are not treated); absessed rear paws (all paws have severe scar tissue from wire cage cuts); severe urinary infection; infected uterus (when the veterinarian opened the dog for spaying, parts of the uterus were green, rotten and dying); bladder stones; kidney stones, and one kidney was mostly nonfunctional. all of these conditions were determined to be a result of long standing neglect, lack of medical care and extemely poor nutrition. annie's case is not unusual. it is the norm. what happened to her puppies? according to the american humane  association, over 90% of puppies sold in pet stores are from  puppy mill moms like annie. don't buy puppies from petstores.annie today:annie was one of a few lucky puppy mill dogs that got rescued.  most are killed (usually shot or drowned, sometimes electrocuted) by their owners before they ever leave the mill.  

 puppy mill sites   


   

  


     





for additional information aboutminiature schnauzer rescue, please contact 

caromike@att.net 


 



 





 