


 

















medical malpractice law firm in boston, ma



















































home
about

our firm
zachary b. lang, j.d.
why we’re different
blog


practice areas

medical malpractice
birth injury
burn injury
cancer misdiagnosis
emergency room error
surgical error
workers’ compensation
wrongful death
view all+


results
reviews
contact
 


free consultationavailable 24/7

                  (617) 720-0176                




menu





















medical malpractice


worker's compensation


personal injury



            we will fight for you each step of the way.          


              request a free consultation            

























why choose our firm









doctor & attorney
barry lang, firm founder, was a medical doctor and attorney and trained his staff to offer unique perspectives on case.












medical experts
we have nurses and doctors on staff for fast and effective case reviews without having to wait for outside experts for analysis.












available 24/7
we are always available to take calls. you will have direct communication with attorneys so you aren’t lost in the shuffle.












boston medical malpractice attorneys


negligence means something different in the medical field. when a doctor or health care provider falls short of the standards of care, it is a patient’s life on the line. if you or a loved one has suffered injury or harm due to a physician’s negligence in boston, massachusetts, you may be entitled to financial compensation.
barry d. lang, m.d. & associates can help you understand and defend your rights during a medical malpractice lawsuit. we have over 20 years of experience and on-staff doctors and nurses to evaluate your case. contact us today for a free consultation.
why choose barry d. lang, m.d. & associates?

we offer rapid and effective medical malpractice case reviews using our team of experienced lawyers and on-staff doctors and nurses.
you will always be in direct communication with your attorney. unlike at a larger law firm, our clients never get lost in the shuffle.
we help clients on a contingency basis. this means you won’t pay your boston medical malpractice attorney unless you win your case.



what is medical malpractice?
medical malpractice is a form of professional negligence that is committed by a health care provider. this could be a doctor, physician, chiropractor, dentist or any other licensed medical professional. medical practitioners are held to a higher standard of care than other professionals due to the delicate nature of their jobs. 
the medical industry has strict standards for how patients should be cared for and treated. if a doctor or provider falls short of these standards, he or she is guilty of professional negligence. when careless or substandard treatment results in harm to a patient, the patient has grounds to file a medical malpractice case in massachusetts.
medical malpractice can take many forms. common examples include diagnostic errors, misdiagnoses, medication mistakes, surgical errors, birth injuries, anesthesia errors, defective medical equipment, emergency room errors and fatal allergic reactions.




















surgery malpractice
$3,400,000
10-month old boy had a left sided benign kidney mass. surgery to remove went awry.

                  view all results                






failure to diagnose
$3,500,0000
emergency room failed to diagnose and symptoms of our client progressively got worse without proper treatment and is now paraplegic.

                  view all results                






medical negligence
$2,450,000
due to the negligence of the physicians, there was a delay of the diagnosis of septic arthritis in our client's wrist. the infection seeded in her eye and the plaintiff now suffers from blindness.

                  view all results                






medication error
$2,000,000
patient died of a pulmonary embolism due to medication error after knee replacement surgery.

                  view all results                








massachusetts medical malpractice laws
a successful medical malpractice lawsuit in massachusetts requires the plaintiff to correctly navigate all of the commonwealth’s medical malpractice laws. hiring a boston medical malpractice attorney can make this easier, as an attorney will have years of case knowledge and experience to guide you through this complicated practice area. in the meantime, here is a brief overview of two basic massachusetts medical malpractice laws to know.
statute of limitations
 like most states, massachusetts has a law known as a statute of limitations that applies a deadline to medical malpractice lawsuits. this deadline is three years from the date of the negligent act or the date that you discovered your harm from the medical error. there is also an overarching deadline known as the statute of repose of seven years after the error occurred, regardless of when you discovered the harm.









we can help you get through the tribunal review requirement and navigate boston’s other medical malpractice laws.






tribunal review 
massachusetts has a requirement that is unique to medical malpractice cases. massachusetts general laws chapter 231, section 60b states that once the defendant responds to the medical malpractice claim, the plaintiff has 15 days to present an “offer and proof” to a tribunal. this is a three-person panel made up of:

an attorney who is licensed to practice in massachusetts.
a licensed physician in a relevant field of medicine.
a justice of the massachusetts superior court.

 you or your lawyer will need to present evidence to the tribunal of medical malpractice. the tribunal will review the evidence and decide if it is enough to raise a “legitimate question” of whether the defendant was negligent in providing medical care. a boston medical malpractice lawyer can help you get through the tribunal review requirement and navigate boston’s other medical malpractice laws.
request a free consultation with a boston medical malpractice lawyer today
 at barry d. lang, m.d. & associates, a lawyer can effectively handle your medical malpractice case while you focus on healing from your injury or illness. find out how we can help you and your family with a medical malpractice claim in boston during a free consultation. contact us at 1-877-law-docs today.
past case performance is not indicative of future results. due to case load, many cases are likely to be referred or coordinated with co-counsel.









          practice areas        


          injured on the job? harmed by a doctor, nurse or hospital? hurt in a car or truck accident? we’re here to help.	
        


            view all practice areas          



medical malpractice
workers’ compensation
burn injury
cancer misdiagnosis
birth injury
construction accident
defective medical device
surgical error
 










i was so impressed with his perseverance to our cause.
zach is an honest, wonderful attorney. he’s incredibly responsive. his people and analytical skills are top notch. i was so impressed with his perseverance to our cause.

theresa h. | google review



everything you want when working with an attorney!
zach was very quick to respond to my inquiry. he was able to quickly resolve my issue. everything you want when working with an attorney!

shane r. | google review



zach and team kept me informed through the entire process.
professional and responsive to all my questions and concerns. zach and team kept me informed through the entire process and ultimately got the result i was looking for!

eric d. | google review










your physical and financial well-being matter.


schedule a
free consultation.


our office

                    178 old farm road
newton, ma 02459                  



                      get directions
                    









"*" indicates required fields

first name* last name* phone number*email*

please describe your case*all fields are required *emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ







our office

                178 old farm road
newton, ma 02459              



                  get directions
                




















                    toll free 
                  
•

                            1(877) law-docs                        



                     
                    phone
                  
•

                            (617) 720-0176                        









        barry d lang, m.d. & associates © 2025 | all rights reserved | disclaimer | privacy policy 































