
 





transcriptions {ucsb english department center for digital humanities & new media studies}









































 
↓ skip to main content







 





main navigation

menu
about





the center
for english majors — introduction to transcriptions centers
letter to prospective graduate students
contact


team





faculty
students
visiting scholars


events





platformania! event series– platform studies & platform critique


interest groups





transcriptions hastac scholars
platformania! event series– platform studies & platform critique





platformania 1 — from network to platform
platformania 2 — severance & the black box of work


science, technology, and society (sts) + speculative futures interest group





sts speculative futures activities log — spring 2022
sts speculative futures activities log — winter 2022
sts speculative futures activities log — fall 2021




projects





current
past


academics





undergraduate
graduate


lci
site map
 











transcriptions center





transcriptions center for digital humanities and new media
the transcriptions center at the university of california, santa barbara is one of the longest-running digital humanities centers in north america. we teach, research, and build tools to understand the collision of old and new media that characterizes life in the twenty-first century. the center hosts a vibrant community, supports many active research projects, and directs the literature and the culture of information (lci) specialization for english majors at ucsb.


upcoming events








upcoming
lai-tze fan —
“u & ai”: examining and designing equitable human-ai experiences
tuesday, april 16, 2024 4:00-5:00 pm — transcriptions center, south hall 2509
as part of a week-long visit to ucsb, lai-tze fan will be meeting with transcriptions center faculty and graduate studnets along with others on campus on tuesday, april 16th, 4-5pm, to share news about the work in ai of her new “u &ai” lab as well as her longstanding interests in creative electronic literature (“elit”), media archaeology, and related fields. she is also interested in using the event as an opportunity to learn about what ucsb scholars in the areas of new media and ai are working on. (later in the same week, fan will be speaking in the “ai and human creativity” conference organized by ucsb’s mellichamp initiative in minde & machine intelligence.)

lai-tze fan
lai-tze fan is canada research chair in technology and social change (sshrc tier 2) and assistant professor of technology & social change in the department of sociology & legal studies at the university of waterloo, canada, with a cross-appointment in the department of english language and literature.
fan’s research examines the benefits and risks of rapidly developing artificial intelligence (ai) technologies. by investigating the design of sexist, racist and classist ai voice assistant software, racist facial recognition systems and exploitative ai hardware production, she and her “u&ai lab” (“u” = “you,” “user,” and “unseen”) identify how ai produces human experiences that reinforce social inequalities. the lab, funded by the canadian foundation for innovation, works on novel and multidisciplinary approaches that stop inequitable ai at the design and production stage.
in addition to addressing ai, fan focuses on media studies, creative electronic literature, science and technology studies, critical design (especially of technological hardware, software, and data), and methods of public/policy outreach through digital storytelling. she serves as an advisory board member for multiple research and artistic groups, including the electronic literature organization; an editor and the director of communications of the electronic book review (media theory and digital literary studies, est. 1995); and editor of the digital review (born-digital arts and literature).






recent events 2022-23









chatgpt & instruction
meeting organized by the transcriptions center and the english dept. technology committee
wednesday, april 5, 2023 3:00-5:00 pm
a zoom meeting
because of the immediate pressure that many of us in the english department feel to adapt our future course exams and assignments in response to generative ai tools such as chatgpt, the department’s transcriptions center together with its technology committee are calling a zoom meeting on “chatgpt and instruction” for interested faculty and graduate students in the first week of spring quarter: wednesday, april 5th, at 3pm. (registration link sent to ucsb english department members and other ucsb guests by email. inquire with alan liu, *protected email*).
more information.







platformania! event series – platform studies & platform critique
reading group event — nakamura’s cybertypes in the platform age
friday, november 4, 2022 10:30-noon
in-person in transcriptions center (south hall 2509)
(brunchtime refreshments provided)
the transcriptions center in the english dept. is happy to invite anyone interested (undergraduates, graduate students, faculty, and staff to our second reading group event of the year on friday, november 4, 2022, from 10:30am-12pm in the transcriptions center (south hall 2509). coffee and brunch-time snacks provided! the event continues our year-long transcriptions center series of events on work, leisure, politics, and relationships in the age of the “platform” (highlighted in january by a visit from dutch network theorist and critic geert lovink).
in our third event on nov. 4th, we continue our platformania series by looking at lisa nakamura’s cybertypes, 20 years on, to better understand ‘identity tourism’ in the platform age. as we did with the work of manuel castells (in our first event in the platformania seires), we are looking back to research around an older technical paradigm to explore its relevance in the platform era. we will read chapter 2 of nakamura’s 2002 book cybertypes: race, ethnicity, and identity on the internet, “head-hunting on the internet: identity tourism, avatars, and racial passing in textual and graphic chat spaces” (ucsb access to text). in this chapter, nakamura explores the virtual world lambdamoo to ask important questions about the creation and appropriation of identity online, and the affordances of various “chat spaces” that shape the articulation of virtual identity:
the net is a medium, a reflection of desires, fears, and anxieties that exist in the culture, not a panacea for social ills and inequalities. the internet is unlikely to lead to an apocalyptic breakdown of literacy or morality, as some claim; rather, it is a laboratory where users are building particular kinds of social environments with words, as well as racialized personae to deploy within those environments.
picking up on nakamura’s 2002 research, we will consider together what affordances of today’s platforms enable identity tourism and racial bias. to provide concrete examples of these affordances, leila stegemoeller and alan liu (in their role as event organizers) will synthesize some case studies of hiring bias (from event 2’s ifeomaajunwa reading); ethnic bias in the algorithms that power platforms (from “algorithms, platforms, and ethnic bias” by uc davis human ecology researchers selena silvia and martin kenney); and identity tourism through social media phenomena such as “asian-fishing” (from the article “on techno-orientalism” by journalist leo kim).
(these latter readings are optional, please leila stegemoeller <*protected email*> know if you would like remote access for the discussion, or have any difficulty accessing the readings [ucsb access to texts].)






~~ previous events in this series ~~




reading group event 1 — from platform to network
friday, october 21, 2022 10:30-noon







reading group event  2– severance & the black box of work
friday, october 28, 2022 10:00-noon









recent events 2021-22





ucsb hastac scholars roundtable
please join us for the transcriptions center’s hastac scholars roundtable if you are interested in hastac or if you are a graduate student at ucsb who might have an interest in joining the hastac scholars program next year. hastac (humanities, arts, science and technology alliance and collaboratory) is a national and international social network and online forum for scholars in digital humanities and new media. six current hastac scholars at ucsb – graduate students sponsored by the transcriptions center for fellowships in the hastac scholars program – will share news about hastac’s activities and their engagement with them in a roundtable on friday may 27, 2:30 pm, in south hall 2509 (the transcriptions center). currently hastac scholars at ucsb include graduate students from the english and film & media studies departments (under the nominal mentorship of alan liu and alenda chang, who will be at the roundtable).



ucsb hastac scholars 2020-2022

rebecca baker (english dept.)
qiaoyu cai (english dept.)
henry coburn (english dept.)
tinghao zhou (film & media studies dept.)


ucsb hastac scholars 2021-2023

surojit kayal (english dept.)
paul kim (film & media studies dept.)






friday, may 27, 2022 2:30-4.00
in-person in transcriptions center (south hall 2509)
(details)










matters of scale in zooming & mapping

francis harvey (visiting professor of history, university of warsaw; professor for visual communication in geography at the university of leipzig), “zooming is (not just) scaling: hermeneutic considerations of scale in old maps from cartographic perspectives”
zachary horton (assistant professor of english and film & media studies, university of pittsburgh), response

co-organized with center for spatial studies (spatial@ucsb).


monday, may 16, 2022 4:00-5.30
in-person in transcriptions center (south hall 2509), or attend through zoom (zoom registration)
(details)







research + activism colloquium

keynote talk by dr. faithe j. day, ucsb center for black studies research postdoctoral fellow & student engagement & enrichment in data science (seeds) guide
“soft launch” of the research + activism bibliography, a project of the ucsb english dept.’s antiracism initiative [access restricted to ucsb members until later public launch; visible over ucsb campus vpn only)



april 19, 2022 4:00-5:30
digital arts and humanities commons (dahc), music building 1410
 
(details)









generative ai
with alexandre gefen & respondents fabian offert and rita raley; co-organized by the comparative literature program

tuesday, february 1, 2022, 3:30-5:00
transcriptions center (south hall 2509), or attend through zoom
open to all (details)






transformations of attention
organized by inge van de ven, marie shklodowska curie fellow in residence at ucsb)
friday, march 4, 2022, 9.50-5.30
digital arts & humanities commons (dahc), music building 1410 (map) or attend through zoom
open to all (details)







transcription’s science, technology, and society speculative futures interest group for undergraduates

are you interested in science, technology, and culture?
the english department’s transcriptions center for digital humanities and new media studies is seeking a small group of motivated undergraduate students interested in the entanglements of science, technology, & society (sts) as it relates to science fiction, culture, and contemporary issues.
details & sign-up!




featured project
the whatevery1says (we1s) project uses digital humanities methods to study public discourse about the humanities at large data scales. the goal of we1s is to provide advocates for the humanities with strategies and materials for effective communication about the value of humanities education in today’s world.
read more about we1s. see also ongoing transcriptions projects.


events from last year: “weathering anti-blackness: from archives to algorithms” (feb. 12, 2021, 2-4 pm)
in solidarity with the movement for black lives of the past several years — as well as internal revolutions in the digital humanities — transcriptions has organized a year-long event series dedicated to anti-racist scholarship and collaboration. the third event in the series is a readings discussion led by prof. melody jue on friday, feb. 12, 2021, 2-4 pm. titled “weathering anti-blackness: from archives to algorithms,” this event focuses on recent new media and science-technology studies approaches to antiracism. for details and the readings, visit the event series webpage. please register for the event in advance (a link to the zoom meeting will be sent to you upon registration).
see also our archive of past transcriptions events





literature and culture of information
the english department encourages upper-division students to pursue their interests formally through a specialization within the major. specializing in literature & culture of information brings the perspective of the humanities to the concept of “information” that many students will engage with professionally and personally all their lives.
learn more about the lci specialization and recent courses.


prospective graduate students
for students considering advanced study in new media and digital humanities, professor alan liu addresses a welcome letter to you. we encourage you to read about our academic programming for graduate students, and to contact our current students with any questions.
transcriptions is an exciting place to study, with a long history and with participants from across campus. we warmly invite your application to the university of california, santa barbara.








 




transcriptions center — director, alan liu (contact) | research assistant: rebecca baker (contact) 






meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 


			 ©  2025		

			 | powered by		

			 responsive theme			 












