




 




greentree financial group






















skip to content


















(954) 424-2345



info@gtfinancial.com









 



 










 






menu

about
services
transactions
our team
community
careers
contact








 


•


•


•


•


•



←
→











 




helping clients access public equity markets 





                                                contact us                                        












why choose greentree financial group 

 










founded in 1999, greentree financial group, inc. is a family office with locations in plantation, florida, and cornelius, nc. based on the belief that the u.s. capital markets are the best and most efficient in the world, greentree  assists high-growth companies in accessing the u.s. capital markets through a public listing.
in addition to navigating clients through the complexities of a public listing, greentree also assists numerous public companies with their ongoing periodic compliance filing needs.
the partners at greentree work to build a long-term growth strategy that is custom tailored to fit the client’s needs. 

 








with over a 90% renewal rate, we aim to build a long-term partnership with our clients
at greentree, we are committed to transparency at every step, ensuring that our clients have a clear understanding of our processes as we work together to achieve their goals. 

 
























advisory services












                                                our services                                        






















consulting services

















great experience
 
the partners at greentree work to build a long-term growth strategy that is custom-tailored to fit the client’s needs. 

 








recent transactions 

 





food service provider/franchisor, ft. worth, texas – ipo
 

 





health and wellness company, jupiter, fl – ipo
 

 





financial services brokerage, hong kong – new listing via spac
 

 





electric vehicle manufacturer, hebei, prc – new listing via spac
 

 





off-road electric vehicle manufacturer, round rock, tx – ipo
 

 







telemedicine provider, plano, tx – debt restructure
 

 





oceanic treasure recovery company, ft. pierce, fl – financial advisory  
 

 





financial service conglomerate, ft. lauderdale, fl – nasdaq uplisting, financial advisory
 

 





ai-based drug developer, boston, ma – ipo
 

 





social media marketing company, las vegas, nv – financial advisory
 

 







ep healthcare device developer, westport, ct – financial advisory
 

 





men’s health & wellness company, dallas, tx – ipo
 

 





coffee roaster and distributor, miami, fl – financial advisory
 

 





food distributor, monroeville, pa – financial advisory
 

 





trucking and logistics company, miami, fl – regulation a filings
 

 







medical supplies provider, rehovot, israel – financial advisory
 

 





topical medicine manufacturer, marina del rey, ca  – financial advisory
 

 





yacht sales, miami, fl – regulation a filings, financial advisory
 

 





water purifier/distributor, palm city, fl – regulation a filings, financial advisory
 

 





ai-based network security company, palo alto, ca – new listing via spac
 

 











                    meet our team            

                    stands ready            



















                                    michael bongiovanni, mba                            

            president        








                                                bio                                        













                                    robert c. (chris) cottone                            

            vice president        








                                                bio                                        













                                    tracy luo, ms                            

            controller        








                                                bio                                        















                                    ke li                            

            accounting and finance        








                                                bio                                        













                                    josh wilson                            

            capital markets advisor        








                                                bio                                        













                                    gene johnston                            

            accounting and finance        








                                                bio                                        













                                    leah ren, ms                            

            accounting and finance        








                                                bio                                        
















contact us 




whether it is a question or additional information you need, we are here to assist. you can call us by phone or email us directly. 








north carolina office michael j. bongiovanni, mba greentree financial group, inc.19720 jetton road, 3rd floor penthouse cornelius, nc 28031 (704) 892-8733 office (704) 892-6487 fax mikebongiovanni@gtfinancial.com
florida officer. chris cottonegreentree financial group, inc.1000 s. pine island road, suite 210plantation, fl 33324(954) 424-2345 office (954) 424-2230 fax chriscottone@gtfinancial.com 

























email us 








your name  






your email  






subject * 






message  






  
				send			











 











back to top






greentree financial group (“gtfg”) is a financial advisory and consulting firm. gtfg is not a broker-dealer or financial advisor. this website is for information purposes only and is not to be construed as investment advice. this website may contain inaccuracies, and much of the information contained herein was obtained arbitrarily. do not rely on the information and do not rely on the information on this website for purposes of making investment decisions.designed by web pro design group  


















 




