











motorcycle helmets, clothing, jackets, gloves, boots & accessories



































sportsbikeshop



advice & inspiration


our stores


my account
  track an order   return an item   login   create an account  











helmets


clothing


gloves


boots


accessories


parts


brands


clearance


motocross



































 








 


klarnaklarna available at the checkout
over 250,000 products£14m+ stock holding
free returns*mainland ex h'lands (over £25)
150,000+ reviewsfrom bikers like you
store network10 stores across the uk
pay later with paypalpay within 4 or pay in 3 available 

the uk's widest range of motorcycle helmets, clothing & accessorieshelmetsclothingglovesbootsmaintenancesecurityluggageaccessorieselectronicsbodyworkexhaustsframe & controlsparts & sparesmotorbike tyresoil & lubricantsgift ideas 

 motorcycle helmetsbuying your motorcycle helmet online from us couldn’t be easier or safer. all of our items, whether they’re flip-up helmets or kids’ helmets, are stringently checked for quality before leaving our warehouse. once checked, your motorbike helmet is carefully packaged and prepared for despatch. all our helmets are delivered by dpd or ups and once in transit you can track your parcel every step of the way.don’t like the colour? you feel your helmet doesn’t fit you quite right? you can take up to 365 days to try it out and if you decide it’s not for you then simply return it for a full refund or exchange. simply put, if you buy your crash helmet from us, you’re in safe hands. please see our delivery & returns page for more information. read more  shop for motorcycle helmets  reviews  video: arai tour-x5 helmet review  it's been a long wait, but the fifth incarnation of arai's tour-x range lives up to the hype  23 dec 2023  by tony hoare  advice & guides  how to choose the right helmet for travelling  our globetrotting kit reviewer delivers his hints on picking the right helmet for a long time away  30 jun 2023  by andy davidson  advice & guides  five of the best commuter helmets under £200  riding to and from work takes commitment, and good kit. let us assist…  13 jan 2025  by emily macbeth  motorcycle clothingdesigned to keep the elements out and to protect you from the road in an accident, motorcycle clothing is essential and it’s important to choose the right body armour for you. there is a large range of textile and leather motorbike clothing, from high-visibility clothing to motorcycle jackets & jeans, to choose from. to help you get it right you’ll find a wealth of product reviews from our very own customers.still not sure whether to go for the motorcycle leathers or those waterproof textiles? we’re here to help. you can contact us with any questions about our gear and we’ll do our best to help and advise you. read more  shop for motorcycle clothing  advice & guides  video: five of the best laminated textile jackets  laminated waterproofing is taking over the world. our video runs through our top options  12 apr 2024  by tony hoare  reviews  rst pro series ranger textile jacket review  this is the highest spec of jacket rst have ever made, and our reviewer is a big fan...  20 nov 2023  by david crampton  advice & guides  five of the best waterproof sports gloves  sometimes it rains when it’s warm. these are the gloves that give good feel and keep your hands dry…  20 mar 2024  by emily macbeth  advice & guides  five of the best classic leather motorbike jackets  leather and biking go together like bacon and eggs. here’s our customers’ picks of the best leather jackets…  8 jan 2024  by emily macbeth  advice & guides  five of the best... ventilated textile motorcycle jackets  keeping your cool is essential while riding a bike. these highly ventilated jackets will help you do exactly that…  22 nov 2022  by emily macbeth  advice & guides  ce testing: how the law affects the bike kit you buy  the label inside your jacket or jeans will tell you how well it's performed in safety testing. here's how to work out what that label is telling you...  5 aug 2022  by emily macbeth  motorcycle glovesgloves are a crucial piece of your riding kit. apart from the obvious protection they offer from the weather, your motorcycle gloves give you added grip and can help reduce fatigue caused by vibration from the handlebars. it’s especially important to make sure that your gloves fit you, so we have a range of ladies’ motorcycle gloves on offer so female riders don’t suffer from loose-fitting gloves which can fall off or cause chafing.our ever growing range includes leather motorbike gloves and armoured race gloves as well as waterproof, thermal textile gloves and heated motorcycle gloves for more adverse conditions. prices start from only £19.99 so there really is a glove for every budget. spend over £25 and we’ll also deliver them for free anywhere in the mainland uk! read more  shop for motorcycle gloves  advice & guides  video: the best 5 heated gloves  when winter gloves don't cut it then it's time to plug in...  17 dec 2024  by tony hoare  advice & guides  how to choose... winter gloves  cold hands equal bad times. here's our guide to finding gloves that will keep the good times rolling...  8 jan 2024  by tony hoare  motorcycle bootsas well as offering abrasive protection in the event of an accident, some modern motorcycle boots also include mechanisms to prevent the over-extension of your joints which can lead to broken bones. these motorcycle boots have an exoskeleton which allows movement only in certain directions and to specific limits. you can also get the style you prefer from our range of urban and casual look motorcycle boots and ladies motorcycle boots.as you can see, it’s quite likely the boots you wear on your motorbike do more than you think, and our range starts at only £49.99! read more  shop for motorcycle boots  advice & guides  five of the best gore-tex motorcycle boots  every rider has been caught out in the rain and wished we’d put our waterproofs on before leaving the house.  1 feb 2022  by emily macbeth  advice & guides  motorcycle boot ce markings explained  the label inside your boots will tell you about what tests they've gone through, and how they did. here's how to decipher those labels for yourself...  20 jan 2022  by tony hoare  advice & guides  five of the best adventure boots  long-distance trips and off-road excursions place special demands on bike boots. these are our top five for the job...  9 mar 2022  by emily macbeth sbs featured productssquire barricade disc lock£99.99scottoiler 40th anniversary special edition vsystem - all climate biodegradable green£103.99rrp £129.99spidi wintertourer-kp gloves - black£69.90bell mx-9 adventure mips - mesa matt black / orange camo£149.99rrp £199.99garmin zumo r1 radar£519.99spidi roar leather jacket - red£479.90oxford hardy leather boots - brown3£69.99rrp £129.99macna nucleo heated jacket - black£199.99insta360 x4 action camera  - motorcycle bundle£572.00rukka worsley leather gloves - black6£99.99rrp £149.99oxford hot seat2£79.99scorpion exo-1400 evo carbon air - solid black23£239.99rrp £349.99high visibility clothingwaterproof clothing

 

                    uk’s biggest collection of
                    biking kit reviews


                    why not ask the opinion of over
                    100,000 genuine bikers?


search




 

 dexter soddy helmet  dexter soddy - pearl white  13 february 2025 by derek o well built great quality, fit is spot on. very happy with the purchase and sportsbikeshop shop as usual no problems arrived on time? read more helpful?yes (0) looks great  shoei cwr-f2pn pinlock ready race visor - not road legal  13 february 2025 by stephen m great visor, finishes my xpr pro helmet of perfectly. should keep the sun out on a sunny day. tint is just right. excellent service sbs as per always  read more helpful?yes (0) perfect fit  alpinestars nucleon flex pro chest protector insert - anthracite  13 february 2025 by stephen m fit perfectly in my gp plus v3 jacket 54 euro  don't notice they are there  great service sbs as per usual  read more helpful?yes (0) perfect fit er6f  qbag tail bag 3 - black  13 february 2025 by lee g as a tail bag this is just the right size for small tool box , puncture repair kit , disc lock, and snacks ! the base is strapped over the pillion seat and the bags zips to the base for easy removal. only thing is, swinging your leg over is a challenge for those of us with shorter legs . read more helpful?yes (0) great all-rounder  michelin pilot road 4 - 120/70 17 (58w)  13 february 2025 by dave r this is the third bike i've kitted out with road pilots. great in both wet and dry conditions unlike the pirellis they are replacing. wear is good being dual compound and suits me perfectly for touring solo and two up.  read more helpful?yes (0) great all-rounder  michelin pilot road 4 - 160/60 17 (69w)  13 february 2025 by dave r this is the third bike i've kitted out with road pilots. great in both wet and dry conditions unlike the pirellis they are replacing. wear is good being dual compound and suits me perfectly for touring solo and two up.  read more helpful?yes (0) 


            load more
        

            show less
        



                search all biking kit reviews
            



 


footer








                         
                    

                        we’ll send most items to any store, free of charge, for you to try the very next day.
                    


find out more







 

just landed...

insta360 action cameras





our stores

 
birmingham
 
boston
 
bristol
 
glasgow
 
harlow
 
leeds
 
milton keynes
 
norwich
 
preston
 
reading




customer services


order tracking


create a return


your account


delivery & returns


frequently asked questions


contact us


helmet & clothing finance


product reviews


motorcycle insurance





our company


careers


about us


trust pilot


your security


affiliate programme


advice & inspiration


article archive


product archive


coming soon


recycling
                        
                            our commitment
                        






your privacy


privacy & cookies


privacy policy


terms of website use


acceptable usage policy


terms & conditions of sale


manage cookies







 

just landed...
insta360 action cameras


never miss out on our latest deals & offers!





sign me up


facebook

x

youtube

instagram



recycling
                
                    our commitment
                




 we’re hiring. find out more…  



accepted payment methods

visa

mastercard

maestro

visa electron

american express



paypal

klarna finance

paypal

apple pay




legal info

                this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
                privacy policy
                and
                terms of service
                apply.
            
            copyright © sportsbikeshop ltd 2005-2025.
            sportsbikeshop ltd is registered in england no. 05401500. vat no. gb226373609.
            sportsbikeshop ltd are regulated by the financial conduct authority, firm reference number
            (frn): 682574.
        


















