home | government employees fcu


homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. gefcu annual meeting tickets now on sale!
event date: april 22, 2025
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
billpay login has moved!
to access billpay, please log into home banking.  
if you are having difficulties logging in, please call 512-339-9812 for assistance.  got it, thanks!  government employees fcu  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

accounts


savings


prime share savings

money market

cds

holiday club



checking


ez green checking

checking unlimited

interest bearing checking



products & services


debit cards

home banking

free atms

reorder checks





loans


vehicle loans


new/used vehicle loans

rv

boats

motorcycles

vehicle loan rates



home loans


home loans

home equity

home equity rates



personal loans


secured

unsecured

credit cards

student loans

loan rates





join gefcu


about us

become a member

benefits of membership

jt glass scholarship

who is eligible



contact us


hours of operation

locations

contact us

routing information



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernameforgot passwordenroll  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchgovernment employees fcu   home equity loan rates

looking to remodel? make sure that you’re always up-to-date with the latest home equity loan rates!

view home equity loan rates    ready to hit the road?

if you’re looking for a new vehicle, let us help! view the latest rates and let our team assist in getting you a vehicle loan.

see vehicle loan rates    become a member

ready to join? let us know and we’ll determine your eligibility!

become a member play main slider/pause main slider make your everyday purchases easier with a credit card.  get a credit card      
calculators    
rates  
reorder checks  
locations     ready for your new ride?
let us help you get into your new car! our lending team is ready to help you from a to zoom!

explore vehicle loans    a loan for what you need
need a personal loan? talk to a loan officer to find a loan that meets your needs! 

contact us    certificates of deposit
got some extra cash and want to see it grow? we offer several cd options for up to 36 months.
see cd options play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider    travel tip  please alert gefcu prior to any travel plans to ensure the use of your debit card & credit card. best practice is to always take 2 different methods of payment.
 
contact us  fraud alerts  visit our fraud alerts page to get the most recent information regarding fraud attempts at gefcu.
fraud alerts  jt glass scholarship  gefcu awards $3,500 annually to a member college student, freshman through graduate school. applications taken through feb. 28.

click for application back to the topgovernment employees fcu phone # 512-339-9812

facebook



resources


rates

membership

calculators



credit union


about us

locations

contact us



security


privacy policy

internet security

usa patriot act

disclosures





terms & conditions

sitemap

routing number 314977214

©  government employees fcuncuaequal housing lender 

 
