



































































corvallis gazette-times | breaking news | | read corvallis and oregon breaking news. get latest news, events and information on oregon sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















45°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



business



education



politics



state



nation & world



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


beavers sports



high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



mid-valley live



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



today's deal



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires








45°
light rain
























        
        
            dahl pleads to teen assault; sex abuse sentence pending

“i can only hope that by being held accountable for your actions, you will be forced to look inward," the mother of the victim said.

















        
        
            'waste, fraud and abuse' is a political fight older than the nation. here's what to know

pinpointing the genesis of “waste, fraud and abuse” as political rhetoric is difficult. but the concept is older than the nation: think “taxation without representation.”

















        
        
            presidents day protest against trump fills corvallis block

“we're seeing the presidential administration doing terrible things,” corvallis mayor charles maughan said, adding no one voted for elon musk.


















        
        
            presidents' day demonstration at benton county courthouse

presidents' day rally at benton county courthouse in corvallis 

















        
        
            after glitches, tossed tickets, albany speed cameras are coming online

here's the latest on albany's system designed to ticket speeders en masse. a fourth intersection is planned.

















        
        
            osu and faculty still far apart on contract

as expected, compensation is the key sticking point. and about that stereotype of rich professors in tweed with elbow patches? forget about it, says the union president. 

















        
        
            beavers eye a top-four seed at wcc tournament

being one of the top four seeds at the wcc tournament has real advantages.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            dahl pleads to teen assault; sex abuse sentence pending


















        
        
            beavers eye a top-four seed at wcc tournament


















        
        
            osu and faculty still far apart on contract















                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 17 recap: corvallis news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from gazette-times. 




















        
        
            interfaith voices: numbers and counting are a key to gaining clarity

as a shamanic practitioner, there are a few things i would like for you to understand. our world is wonder filled, transient, precious and sacred.





















        
        
            corvallis neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in gazette-times. 





















        
        
            corvallis speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the gazette-times. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers




















        
        
            trump admin cuts fda staff, targeting food, medical device reviewers




















        
        
            russia-ukraine war: zelensky pleads for 'fair' ukraine talks involving europe




















        
        
            us authorities continuing investigation into passenger jet and army helicopter crash, ap explains












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: district swimming finals highlights




















        
        
            photos: south albany girls take the w at home against corvallis




















        
        
            photos: south albany and corvallis boys hash it out on the court



















        
        
            jaxson dart ends his ole miss career with 4 td passes and a 52-20 romp over duke in the gator bowl

jacksonville, fla. — jaxson dart's final college pass was a 69-yard touchdown that got him chewed out by coach lane kiffin on the sideline.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            my pet world: chewing challenges — keeping a high-energy hound happily engaged

dear cathy,




















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            find your outdoor style at affordable costs with patio productions

contributor content. offering a no-hassle, no-stress experience with affordable prices on high-quality products, patio productions is ready to make your dream patio design a reality, just like they have with numerous customers already.












contributor








        
        
            survive the first day of the year with 12 nye recovery tips

contributor content. when it comes to post-new year’s eve recovery, there are simple and effective steps you can take to feel your best and start the new year off right. 












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            diamond clean



                                        po box 482, corvallis, or 97339
                                    






























        
        
            osu college of veternary medic



                                        105 magruder hall, corvallis, or 97331
                                    






 website






















        
        
            wow fitness



                                        202 nw 3rd street, corvallis, or 97330
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


special sections

mid-valley live

beavers sports

albany democrat-herald

lebanon express

online features

get healthy




services


e-edition

contact us

advertising rates

forms

subscribe

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        gazette-times, po box 130 albany, or 97321
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























