
































    
    custom design service | la jolla, ca | kitchen expo
  
  














            


 call us today! (858) 220-0800


        home



  about



  services


   kitchens



  bathrooms



  bedrooms



  dining rooms



  libraries



  offices



  entertainment centers



  game rooms



  yachts



  homes





  products



  gallery



  blog



  contact












       
 





      
 custom exotic cabinetry and millwork for the entire home.


  
 custom exotic cabinetry and millwork for the entire home.


   custom remodels in san diego, california    superior design, outstanding service whether you are remodeling your kitchen, master bath, or home office, kitchen expo 
has the experience and vision to satisfy your craving for luxury, comfort, and style with our innovative designs and full-service remodels. when you choose us for your remodel, you can expect quality service and craftsmanship from the beginning to the end of your project.
 a history of excellence since 1984, our team of designers, project managers, and installers has been dedicated to staying on top of trends in design and renovation to give you the up-to-date materials and designs you want for your project. through the years, we’ve collaborated with contractors, architects, and builders to ensure your remodel goes smoothly.





  
 awe-inspiring kitchens our expert design team can help you maximize your space and create a kitchen where you can easily entertain guests and prepare meals for your family.   

see our kitchens




   
luxurious bathrooms create a spa-like retreat where you can de-stress with a bathroom remodel. we’ll make sure your bath is complete with the modern features you love.   

begin the transformation


 
chic bedrooms do you look forward to coming home every day and relaxing in a spacious bedroom fit for royalty? kitchen expo can help you create your perfect room.   

realize your dream




   start the journey to your dream home if you are planning to remodel your home, contact us today. with our attention to detail, unique designs and features, and superior installations and service, you can be confident that at the end of your project, you’ll have a home you’ll adore and your neighbors will envy for years to come.






      



   kitchen expo 7458 la jolla blvd. la jolla, ca 92037phone: 858-456-0050email: robin@kitchenexpo.com  business hours
  mon - fri
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sat - sun
appointment only



contractor’s license: 465644
  


  

better business bureau member


  




   kitchen expo 7992 miramar rd, san diego, ca 92126phone: (858) 220-0800email: robin@kitchenexpo.combusiness hours:    mon - fri
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sat - sun
appointment only



  
contractor’s license: 465644
  



  




   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy



















































































































  
  share by:





 






