









decoy magazine home - welcome to decoy magazine, the premier place for collectors and antique lovers alike. we specialize in all types of decoys - duck decoys, fish decoys, owl decoys, any decoy you can imagine!
















































 
 

not sure where to look? 
click here to
search our site



about decoy magazine 
about our website 
advertising info back issues banner advertising
contact information 
online media kit site statistics submission guidelines 
subscriptions











see what's for sale on our decoy marketplace








 



 
 





decoy magazine -jan./feb. 2025 issue -- vol. 49, no. 1






















































new! introducing our new online decoy marketplace! although decoy magazine's editor and publisher joe engers has been buying and selling decoys for nearly 30 years, this is the first time we have offered them for sale on our website. all of the decoys and decoratives listed  are guaranteed as described and we  offer a return policy if you are in any way dissatisfied with your purchase. browse through over 100 decoys for sale and remember to check back often, as more are being added all the time!
                                                             


 






collectors and decoy enthusiasts will love our new six-packs! now you can buy bundled back issues that feature articles on decoys and carvers which are specific to your regional interest, at less than the cost of buying each individual issue. our pre-selected packs include the following categories: southern decoys; coastal new jersey decoys; delaware river decoys; factory decoys; midwest decoys; illinois river decoys; new england decoys; susquehanna flats decoys and canadian decoys. you also have the option of creating your own custom six-packs from our list of available back issues. the savings multiply if you buy two or four six-packs! click here to find out more!

















 

























 about decoy magazine  | subscriptions  | site map | privacy & security | contact us | send feedback


©1995-2025 decoy magazine. all rights reserved. use of this website signifies your agreement to the terms of use. page last updated on
               01/31/2025
          . your feedback is greatly appreciated. please report errors or outdated links to our webmaster. 


website design by karen o'keefe, typographix, millsboro, de 19966






