




sri chinmoy's poetry


































		skip to content	



sri chinmoy's poetry




menu					 
close					 


home
sri chinmoy
selected poems
library
daily poem
 











poems on hope





poems on happiness





poems about joy



poems about life




poems on: happiness • humility • gratitude • compassion • harmony • love • peace • sympathy • anger • beauty • perseverance • self-transcendence • silence • suffering • more poetry topics


about sri chinmoy’s poetry
sri chinmoy began writing poems in his early childhood and over his lifetime he wrote numerous volumes of poetry which range in scope, length and style. his early poetry work is more classical in style – often incorporating a devotional element of a spiritual seeker and his longing for higher ideals.
during his time in the west, sri chinmoy’s poetry evolved to focus on shorter, more instructional aphorisms, which can be powerful meditations for those who approach his poetry with a quiet mind and open heart.
this site offers a small selection from this range of poetry and we hope you will find something to give inspiration on your own spiritual journey.







daily poem
one of sri chinmoy’s aphorisms published every day

view all poems




sri chinmoy reads his poetry



the golden flute
“a sea of peace and joy and lightbeyond my reach i know.in me the storm-tossed weeping nightfinds room to rage and flow.
i cry aloud, but all in vain;i helpless, the earth unkindwhat soul of might can share my pain?death-dart alone i find.
a raft am i on the sea of time,my oars are washed away.how can i hope to reach the climeof god’s eternal day?
but hark!i hear thy golden flute,its notes bring the summit down.now safe am i, o absolute!gone death, gone night’s stark frown!
– sri chinmoy, my flute
read more: similar poems


poetry collections
throughout his life, sri chinmoy wrote numerous volumes of poetry. this includes major poetry series and selections of poetry, such as ‘my flute’



the dance of lifeparts 1-20 (1973)





the wings of lightparts 1-20 (1973)





the golden boatparts 1-20 (1974)








seventy-seven thousand service-trees, parts 1-50 (1998-2007)





twenty-seven thousand aspiration-plants, parts 1-270 (1983-1998)





ten thousand flower-flames parts 1-100 (1979-1983)


about sri chinmoy



sri chinmoy (1931-2007) is a spiritual teacher, who was born in india, and spent 43 years in the west (1964-2007)
he offered a spiritual path based on the approach of ‘love, devotion and surrender’. he founded sri chinmoy meditation centres in over 60 different countries.
sri chinmoy’s voluminous output of poems express the full range of spiritual experiences and challenges and offers timeless wisdom for the modern spiritual seeker.
as well as a poet, sri chinmoy was an accomplished musician, sportsman, artist and a student of peace.
read more about sri chinmoy

“poetry is not to be understood. poetry is to be felt. poetry is to be loved. to try to understand a poem is like touching a rose with innumerable thorns. to try to feel a poem is to lovingly hold a rose without a single thorn. and to love a poem is to grow immediately into the beauty and fragrance of the rose itself…”
– sri chinmoy, excerpt from: on poetry

recommended pages

short poems
sri chinmoy writes on the seer-poets
sri chinmoy writings on poetry
commentaries on the poetry of sri chinmoy







pages in this sectionsri chinmoy’s poetry

the absolute


 



deutsch
français
english







				proudly powered by wordpress.			





 

 








