









smithfield, north carolina


















skip navigation







































































home
sitemap
contact us
translate
how can i...

facebook
twitter
instagram

















toggle main menu visibility
menu


new to town?

about smithfield


maps & directions


start new utility service

recreation & entertainment

downtown development corporation


smithfield schools




departments


town administration


economic development


fire department


finance


human resources


parks & recreation


planning department


police department


public utilities


public works


town boards


town clerk


town council




services


start new utility service


sarah yard community center


animal license


garbage disposal


utilities


code enforcement


permitting


planning


police department


fire department


parks & recreation

s.r.a.c.




doing business

bid opportunities


visit the planning department


apply for a permit


economic development




employment


employment opportunities


employment application




publications


smithfield booklet




government


office of the mayor


town boards


town council













how can i...
use enter to open, escape to close















































active slide image alt text will be announced here









apply for...

adopt-a-street
animal licenses
bid opportunities
boards and commissions
employment opportunities
food truck permit
new business permit
zoning permit
building permit
joco alert system

pay...

property tax
utility bill
sports registration fees








find...

downtown smithfield transportation study
spring branch resiliency project
lead/copper service line inventory
town council agenda meeting/minutes
chamber of commerce
town hall holiday schedule
library information
schools
polling locations
planning forms and documents
fy 24-25 town budget
fy 24-25 fee schedule








report...

code enforcement complaint
police department complaint
street light
power outage

contact...

town council
town manager
town staff directory
fire department
police department













 



councilmeetings





payutilities





parks& rec





publicnotices





find ajob

















news and announcements



smithfield parks and recreation announces river jam concert series
wed, 12 feb 2025
the town of smithfield and smithfield parks and recreation is thrilled to announce the return of the highly anticipated 2025 river jam concert series at the neuse river amphitheater! each concert begi...read more...
the town of smithfield unveils “smithfield is where it’s at” video campaign
thu, 06 feb 2025
the town of smithfield is proud to debut its newest promotional initiative, smithfield is where it s at , a dynamic video campaign that showcases the town s unique charm, vibrant community, and thrivi...read more...
non-profit agency funding for fiscal year 2025-2026
tue, 04 feb 2025
the town of smithfield is now accepting applications for non-profit agency funding for the upcoming fiscal year starting july 1, 2025. as we prepare our annual budget, we invite eligible organizations...read more...
aaron tippin to headline 39th annual ham and yam festival
thu, 23 jan 2025
mark your calendars for an unforgettable day of fun at the 39th annual ham & yam festival , returning to historic downtown smithfield on saturday, may 3, 2025 ! as smithfield s longest-running festiva...read more...
2025 ham and yam vendor applications open!
thu, 02 jan 2025
vendor registration for the 39th ham & yam festival is now open! arts & craft vendors - https://www.eventeny.com/events/vendor/?id=25779 commercial vendors - https://www.eventeny.com/events/vendor/?id...read more...


















upcoming events








view all events















connect with us!


































































smithfield weather







town of smithfield, north carolina
mailing address:
p.o. box 761, smithfield, nc 27577
physical address:
350 east market street
smithfield, nc 27577
main phone: 919-934-2116
fax: 919-934-1134
this institution is an equal opportunity provider. 
report website issues:
news@smithfield-nc.com








terms of use
privacy
general and/or zoning ordinances
fees & charges
accessibility








the town of smithfield provides this site as a public service. unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this site or utilize this site for other than its intended purposes are prohibited. the town makes no claims or guarantees about the accuracy or currency of the contents of this website and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in its contents. all information and data on this website is subject to change without notice. neither the town nor its affiliates, employees or agents shall be liable for any loss or injury caused in whole or in part by use of this website or in reliance upon the information contained herein or linked hereto. you understand and agree that any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this website is done at your own risk and discretion and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material.









the only information the town will obtain about you when you visit this site is the information you provide to it. the town's use and dissemination of the information you provide is governed by the north carolina public records law. the town does not sell, rent, or share email addresses or other information about its users.









the ordinances found on the site are provided as a service to town residents and other interested parties. the town makes no promises or guarantees about the accuracy, currency, completeness or adequacy of the contents of these ordinances, and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in their contents. in any situation where the official printed publications of the town differ from the text contained in this website, the official printed publications shall take precedence.









town fees and charges are subject to change without notice. town residents and other interested parties are urged to contact the appropriate department to confirm current fees and charges.









town of smithfield ada compliance notice: click here





press enter key to focus on the active panel















copyright © {{year}} smithfield, north carolina. all rights reserved.




powered by
eztasktitanium tm




















