








kuhn med-tech inc.











home
contact
about us













		                     kuhn med-tech inc.
		    


executive recruitment for the medical device, diagnostic         and biotech industries
funding for start-up venture
	                  strategic alliances









home
about us
applicants
employers
job listings










welcome to kuhn med-tech inc.



 
since 1979

kuhn med-tech inc. has been a major recruiting firm in         the medical industry, specializing in the medical device, biotech, and         pharmaceutical fields. kuhn med-tech has an outstanding track record in         assisting entrepreneurial to medium size companies with all their hiring         needs in the areas of research & development, manufacturing,         engineering, marketing / sales, senior management, regulatory / clinical         affairs, and quality. our success is based on trust, outstanding         candidates, great job opportunities, and excellent         results. 
our superior track record and         reputation with clients and applicants has been earned by assuring         discretion and confidentiality in our recruitment and by consistently,         expeditiously matching the right applicant with the right job and company.         applicants / companies utilize our resources, contacts, and experience to         make the right placement connection, retainer or exclusive contingency, as         well as fund raising for start-up ventures.        		






 
kuhn med-tech offers

serving usa, europe, and worldwide companies:

medical devices
biotechnology
pharmaceutical 
professional consultation
extensive resources 
large network of industry contacts 
over 20 years of dedicated experience 




 
our guarantee

kuhn med-tech will make every effort to accommodate the needs of our      clients. from the first day of the search until its successful conclusion, we have only      one objective: to provide your company with the most highly qualified individual for the      defined position.
mutual trust and respect are critical. our goal is to build long      term client relationships. our success is your success. the best partnerships are built on      commitment.








newsletters
 
 preparing for opportunities
 count more than dollars

first impression
time for the interview


hot links!!
 
md+di
medical device link
american society for quality
 


need a check up?
does your career need a checkup? 

       	    we have immediate professional positions available. 


recruitment pains?
we have the cure ... medical   device and biotech specialists; we have the prescription.
registration form






copyright © 2022 kuhn med-tech inc. | all rights reserved
| design by blaster web services |



