

pakistan tours and journeys with guide jamal panhwar tour leader having over 28 years experience.














private tours led by 30+ years experienced tour guide in pakistan.
hotels transport and accompanied english speaking guide



home
about us
contact
tours
pakistan
why use a tour leader 




☰

whatsapp us










	7 days pakistan silk road tours15 days 
        pakistan tour south to north pakistan10 days architecture & archeological tour of pakistan20 days pakistan & iran tour15 day uzbekistan kyrgyzstan & china silk road tour15 days middle east uae, qatar & yeman tour10 days sri lanka tour15 
        days thailand malaysia 
travel & culture services 

							hosted by






welcome
human being by nature is inquisitive. we love going places to find 
        out new things and explore new worlds. our life is mostly exploring and 
        searching for some thing unseen. many of us do get chance to full our 
        desire of exploration and many of us just hang around and do the 
        exploring in many different was.
touring the world and seeing different countries, different cultures  
        and different world is probably the most rewarding exploring experience.
people take trouble to go places where things ma be not as usual nor 
        there may be same comfort as at home yet traveling and seeing places 
        makes us happy.
my name is jamal panhwar and i have discovered that traveling is 
        indeed a great way to explore but showing some one places they some 
        times can not see themselves is even more satisfying exploration 
        experience.
i am based in pakistan so mainly i do tours all over pakistan but 
        being in this field since 1989 i have seen many other countries and have 
        been able to acquire knowledge of many different cultures.
i have studies science, history archeology and geography and have had 
        communications with beautiful people like you from all over the world.
        
i would love to take you around. you will not only enjoy the tour i 
        organize for you you will also explore and see a lot more in the 
        shortest possible time than what you could see on your own or on a group 
        tour.



pakistan tour programs
tours itineraries ranging from 4 days to 30 days, in different 
      areas of pakistan . 
2023 
      guaranteed departure tours to pakistan tours staring at fixed 
      departure dates. 


hotel reservations 
      and hotel rates in pakistan reserve hotels in any city of 
      pakistan at 40 - 60% discounted rates. 

car rentals in all 
      cities of pakistan private airport transfer tours to 
      archeological areas in pakistan. 
daily city tours 

      lahore tour |
      karachi 
      city tour |
      
      hunza sunrise safari |
      
      full day islamabad luxury tour with visit to modern spa. 


●
      

pakistan visa information. 

●
      

getting to pakistan 



●
      
airfares to pakistan

●
      
umrah packages 



●
      

domestic tours for pakistanis
      
●
      
articles about pakistan 

site designed by 
exalogics communications

if you are muslim and looking for a match compatiable with your religion and your customs the check our if you are 
looking for muslim singles? check out muslims4marriage.com






7 days pakistan silk road tours
15 days pakistan tour 
10 days peshawar to pindi
8 days peshawar swat chitral
10 days north pakistan tour
10 days south pakistan indus tour
10 days architecture & archeological tour of pakistan
15 days pakistan & iran tour
15 day uzbekistan kyrgyzstan & china silk road tour
15 days middle east uae, qatar & yeman tour
10 days sri lanka tour
15 days thailand malaysia 

travel & culture services


we are a duly registerred tour company licensed by government of pakistan, we offer pakistan tours with private guides, special culture tours, adventure tours, and mice packages are offerred by our parant company travel and culture services


site designed by 
exalogics communications



