


  


directv locations | directv near me | 1-855-690-9884



























test your speed
estimate internet usage
how satellite internet works
find internet providers






 






directv providers  in your area







find directv locations in your area
 call    1-855-690-9884 
get local tv with directv. choose from plans with local news, regional sports, top tv shows and popular channels. find your best plans and pricing for directv with or without satellite. 
directv makes it easy to watch tv with or without a satellite. whether you connect to directv via a satellite or connect over your existing high-speed internet service directv makes it easy to watch the channels and programs you want most. 
the power of directv starts with the sleek gemini receiver that is easy to set up and use. it comes with a remote. gemini will wirelessly integrate your tv viewing with your favorite third-party apps like netflix, hbo max™, youtube tv, amazon prime video, paramount + and more. 
you need a google account to use gemini because google powers the search feature and voice command. you’ll also need to set up subscriptions to any third-party apps you want to you and log into those accounts for gemini to integrate them. if you want to add new apps you will have convenient access to google play store on gemini. 
use voice commands to select apps or channels to watch or even use it to search google for streaming content or live shows. for example, tell it to turn on netflix or youtube for streaming videos, movies, and series. 
gemini connects wirelessly and delivers advanced 4k quality viewing on your 4k-pixel devices. on certain channels you can also go back for up to 72 hours to watch shows you missed. 
directv is the best option hands down for college sports. espn college extra on directv lets you watch year-round college sports coverage for football, basketball, baseball, softball and more. it’s a dream come true for fans. get all the action for college sports. make sure to mention your favorite teams, league, and conference when you sign up so you get the perfect package for the specific college sports coverage you want from day one. 
directv plans start at $64.99 per month excluding taxes and fees. if you sign up now you can lock that price in for two years. 
all plans require autopay and paperless billing for the lowest price. there is an advanced 
receiver service fee of $15 per month on all plans.  regional sports networks vary by zip code and by package and are up to $13.99 per month extra. directv by satellite requires a two-year agreement and then are month-by-month at the going rate. blackout restrictions apply. 
directv plans range from $64.99 per month up to $154.99 per month (excluding tax and fees) depending on the content you choose.  prices are guaranteed for two years. pricing is as of january 2023. 
directv entertainment plan is $64.99 per month and comes with 75+ channels via internet or 165+ channels via satellite. amc, cnn, disney channel, espn, espn2, nickelodeon and others, plus local channels, are included. first gemini dvr device is included. promotional offers on premium networks are available to accept or decline. 
directv choice plan is $84.99 per month and comes with 105+ channels via internet or 200+ channels via satellite. it includes specialty sports like acc network, big ten network, mlb network, nba tv, sec networks, and others. it comes with regional sports networks for local team coverage based on zip code. promotional offers on premium networks are available to accept or turn down. 
directv ultimate plan is $109.99 per month and gives you 140+ channels via internet or 270+ channels via satellite. you also will get additional sports channels and movie channels like cbs sports network, discovery family, fx movie channel, nhl network, starz® encore and others.  promotional offers on premium networks are available to either say yes or no to as suits your need. 
directv premier is $154.99 per month and will give you the most of everything. you will get 150+ channels via the internet and 340+ via satellite. with this plan you hbo max™ showtime®, starz® and cinemax®. it comes with the regional sports networks for local team coverage. promotional offers on premium networks are available to opt into based on your preference. 
sports fans take note: nfl sunday ticket is moving out-of-market games to youtubetv for the 2024 season. you can use gemini to sign up for youtubetv to have this integrated by gemini. 
additional fees for directv: activation is $20. first dvr is free, but any additional dvrs are $7 per month each. the regional sports fee is approximately $12 per month. taxes are extra. 
directv near me 

directv in your area:

directv locations


 direct tv service deals for your area.
 
 
 


	directv in alabamadirectv in alaskadirectv in arizonadirectv in arkansasdirectv in californiadirectv in coloradodirectv in connecticutdirectv in delawaredirectv in district of columbiadirectv in floridadirectv in georgiadirectv in hawaiidirectv in idahodirectv in illinoisdirectv in indianadirectv in iowadirectv in kansasdirectv in kentuckydirectv in louisianadirectv in mainedirectv in marylanddirectv in massachusettsdirectv in michigandirectv in minnesotadirectv in mississippidirectv in missouridirectv in montanadirectv in nebraskadirectv in nevadadirectv in new hampshiredirectv in new jerseydirectv in new mexicodirectv in new yorkdirectv in north carolinadirectv in north dakotadirectv in ohiodirectv in oklahomadirectv in oregondirectv in pennsylvaniadirectv in puerto ricodirectv in rhode islanddirectv in south carolinadirectv in south dakotadirectv in tennesseedirectv in texasdirectv in utahdirectv in vermontdirectv in virginiadirectv in washingtondirectv in west virginiadirectv in wisconsindirectv in wyoming  






sitemap

blog
internet info
home internet service info
internet promotions
new directv service
internet in your area




directv providers



can i get viasat where i live?
 viasat customer service 
 viasat internet
how much is viasat internet per month?
viasat internet reviews

viasat vs hughesnet
hughesnet satelite internet
internet and tv bundles near me
tv providers in your area
viasat satellite internet reviews 2025
tv and internet in your area

 returning viasat equipment 
 viasats newest satellite viasat 3 
pxtix





does viasat bundle with directv
frontier internet outage

 review of viasat internet 
 viasat internet reviews 














directv service


 al ar az ca co ct   fl ga ia id il in ks ky  
 la ma md me mi mn mo ms mt nc nd ne nh nj 
 nm nv ny ohok or pa  
sc sd tn tx ut va vt wa wi  wv wy















&copy2025 american tv. all rights reserved 
disclaimer: all rights reserved.  americantv.com is a website for research and comparison as such, falls under "fair use".  americantv.com does not provide directly phone, tv, and internet service. all trademarks, logos, etc. remain the property of their respective owners and are used by americantv.com only to describe products and services offered by each respective trademark holder. the use of any third party trademarks on this site in no way indicates any relationship between americantv.com and the holders of said trademarks, nor any endorsement of americantv.com by the holders of said trademarks. 










we are here 24/7 to answer all your internet service questions:
1-855-690-9884


















