

in situ hybridization










 
      genedetect® a leading supplier of products and services
       to academic and government research institutions as well as pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
















 





           
              
          

































 

search: 




          catalog  






advanced
          search













 








         
    


 
        updated 22 december 2023

        xmas holiday hours:

        genedetect® will be closed from friday the 22nd of december 2023 until monday 15th of january 2024. 

        all current orders are being processed and will be shipped after the 15th of january.

        email support may be available during this time but our replies may be delayed. all emails received over the holiday period will be replied to from the 15th of january 2024.

        happy holidays and thank you for your support.  
 




        new 2024 aav customers: please contact us at: sales at genedetect.com for
        assistance. please click here for further
        details.

        new 2024 gene probe customers: until mid/late 2024 we will not be able to respond to new customer
        enquiries except for new aav production enquiries (see above).  all current customers and projects remain fully supported and all
        recent
        orders that have been accepted are being processed normally. please see the press release below for further details. thank you. 
about genedetect
contact page: contact details
        click here for the latest news

        current product catalog (1.18mb
        .pdf file)

        current price-list

        an  overview of in situ hybridization
      in situ hybridization  protocols
for a list of recent publications: click
        here
in situ hybridization blog (coming)


track your package


press release 
genedetect® announces extension to its major alliance with leading european
        pharmaceutical and diagnostics company to perform contract gene
        expression and biomarker validation assays. genedetect to receive
        additional upfront payment and equity investment.
friday february 10, 8:00am et 

        auckland (business wire) february 10, 2016. genedetect (sarasota, florida and auckland, new zealand), a leading supplier of products and services to academic and government research institutions as well as pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, announced today that it
        has entered into a 5 year extension of its major alliance with a leading european pharmaceutical
        and diagnostic company (the company) to perform gene expression
        and biomarker validation assays. the 5 year extension will last until at
        least january 2021. genedetect will receive an additional upfront payment and equity investment
        as part of the extended alliance.

        the popular branded genedetect® and greenstar hyperlabeled gene probe product ranges are used to measure gene expression in tissue samples. 

        "the genedetect® and greenstar hyperlabeled gene probe product ranges are used worldwide everyday by researchers in leading research institutes and companies for this
        purpose and are widely cited in the literature in leading scientific
        journals" said genedetect chairman and chief executive officer dr paul e hughes.
        "it is a natural progression then that we work closely
        with major pharmaceutical companies on biomarker validation. while we
        are focused on this major alliance we will ensure all current customers
        and projects remain fully supported. however since this major alliance
        will consume most of our production and screening capacity during this
        time we will be unable to accept new customers and enquiries and we
        apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause". 

        about genedetect

        genedetect is a privately owned bioscience company with offices located in north america
        (sarasota, florida) and the asia-pacific region (auckland, new zealand). 

        we develop, manufacture and market more than 4,000 products for the life sciences market. the company is globally focused with customers in over 40 countries and uses cutting edge e-commerce functionality to allow scientists worldwide to order its products online. real-time pricing in multiple currencies, multi-currency billing, real-time credit card processing and a specialized ability to ship perishable goods to any location on the planet within 96 hours ensures a global customer base. 

        contacts
        web site: http://www.genedetect.com
 



about "the company"

        headquartered in basel, switzerland, the company is one of the world's leading research-focused healthcare groups in the fields of pharmaceuticals and
        diagnostics and employs roughly 75,000 people in 150 countries. as a supplier of innovative products and services for the early detection, prevention, diagnosis and treatment of diseases, the group contributes on a broad range of fronts to improving people's health and quality of life.

        in 2016, the combined sales of the pharmaceuticals and diagnostics division totaled
        over 50.0 billion swiss francs.
 
 
 
 
              © 2000-2024 genedetect.com ltd. 
 genedetect® greenstartm ravetm, depravetm,
        cravetm, genpeptm and optiscripttm are trademarks of genedetect.com limited.




         
    

 
      

 
 







































products
| accounts
| faq
| contact
| search
| home
               
 terms of use
|  privacy policy
| shopping basket
| quotes
| checkout













copyright 
              © 2000-2024 genedetect.com limited






 

