







raghav







































































































            shop
          

        bio
      

        music
      

        video
      



        contact
      






















































































shopbiomusicvideo











contact









scroll








 













storyteller15th anniversary
limited edition autographed double vinyl!



pre-order now











 













new singleout now!




    download / stream
  

 







 

raghav sold over 1.4 million copies of his debut album, storyteller, which led to a mobo award, 2 uk asian music awards, 1 urban music award and 4 uk national top 10 singles. the album changed the landscape for artists of south asian origin worldwide. it was a fresh sound of bollywood, r&b and reggae that produced some of the biggest hits worldwide. angel eyes (produced by sly & robbie) became a global phenomenon, particularly in the indian subcontinent where raghav regularly performs to sold out stadiums. raghav’s sophomore album, identity went #1 in the uae and india, featuring the hit single “my kinda girl” with hip hop star redman. it also won him a sama for best artist, asian achievers award and gima nomination for best album.  his third studio album “the phoenix”, featured the hit single fire, produced by jim beanz. it received over 80,000 spins at radio and went certified gold.  it spent 32 weeks in the top 20 and 21 weeks on billboard. the album received a juno nomination for best r&b single “so much”, one of 3 tracks on the album produced by labrinth.

 











i have almost been on a mission to sort of reintroduce listeners to pop and give them options to hear...
- raghav



 

he has had stirring success in film work with oscar/grammy winning producer a r rahman on numerous bollywood/hollywood songs including “ishq shava” where he was the voice for bollywood star shah rukh khan, it has over 200 million views. their song "keep the hustle" ft wale was in the disney film "million dollar arm".raghav is back to reclaim the throne as the king of multicultural pop with his new single "maayera".


















“maayera” (2018)




    download / stream
  













“alaahda (live sessions)” (2017)




    download / stream
  













“nothing but love” (2017)




    download / stream
  















 

until the sun comes up (official video)





 

until the sun comes up (official lyric video)





 

love





 

fire - (official promo tour video)





 

angel eyes feat. jucxi & frankey maxx - (official video)





 

woohoo (official lyric video)





 

take me away (official video)





 

so much feat. kardinal offishall - (official video)





 

top of the world - (official video)





 

my kinda girl - (official video)













































for all bookings and media enquiries please contact info@raghav.com









storyteller 15th anniversary



home



bio



music



video



contact














twitter  |  instagram  |  facebook | youtube



© copyright 2019 mathurmatics records ltd. 











