







rice lake weighing systems | scales, load cells, test weights






















we sell, repair, calibrate & rent scales
call us today! (919) 776-7737

 

services

scale repair
service agreement
emergency service
calibration
scale rental
load testing


industries

agriculture & farming
food & beverage
pharmaceutical
public sector & military
waste & recycling
other industries


brands

b-tek
doran scales
intercomp
health o meter scale
mettler toledo
ohaus
pennsylvania scale
sensortronics
view all


scale types

commercial scales
industrial scales
portable scales


about us

contact us
location
about us
why choose ccs?
testimonials


blog
request a quote










home>rice lake weighing systems rice lake weighing systems rice lake weighing systems is an international leader in the manufacture and distribution of weight-related products and process-control equipment. within this iso 9001 registered company, progressive new technologies merge with the wisdom of industry experience and create the future of weighing through cutting-edge research, custom solutions, and design. rice lake's roots are planted firmly in the principles of quality and customer service. through three generations of family ownership these ideals remain unchanged. today, rice lake weighing systems is world renowned for delivering the highest standard of product and the best service in the weighing industry.  at central carolina scale, we have decades of experience working with the people and the products of rice lake weighing. contact us (919) 776-7737 for product information and recommendations.



rice lake ta plus series analytical balancein many busy laboratory environments, time is wasted waiting for balances to stabilize and adjust to their surroundings. a tuning fork system eliminates the need for stabilization time while maintaining the accuracy and precision you expect in a rice lake ta series analytical balance.  





rice lake tp series precision balancethe simple, straightforward design of the rice lake tp series balance creates for an effortless user experience. equipped with the unique mono-metal tuning fork sensor (mmts), this balance series brings remarkable response time.  





rice lake te series tuning fork precision balancethe rice lake te series tuning fork balance provides quick response and stability with capacities in 220g, 620g, 3200g, 6,200g and 15,000g depending on the model. 





rice lake ts stainless steel balancethe sleek looking stainless steel housing of the rice lake ts series is more than just attractive. this mirror finish is a barrier against potentially destructive elements. for work environments where anything can happen, trust in a balance that delivers performance inside and out.  





rice lake tc series toploader balancesthe simple, straightforward design of rice lake’s tc series creates for an effortless user experience. equipped with the unique mono-metal tuning fork sensor (mmts), this balance series brings remarkable response time and exceptional stability to any setting. 





rice lake equipoise compact balancesrice lake equipoise has perfect balance of features and value ideal for classrooms, laboratories and industrial applications. these seven-button balances allow quick access to 13 different units of measure, percentage, counting and accumulating.  





rice lake benchmark scale basesrice lake weighing has a great selection of bench scale platforms that can be connected and calibrated to digital weight indicators. some of these are washdown and some aren't.  almost all feature a stainless steel platter. click for more details, sizes, capacity, and selection. 





rice lake iq plus 2100 bench scalea sound investment for common checkweighing tasks, the iq plus 2100 features simple two button operation. use the rice lake iq plus 2100 for bakeries, portioning, kitting, or many other light industrial checkweighing needs. 





rice lake iq plus 2100sl bench scalethis special 2100 model from rice lake is enhanced with a four-point spring plate suspension, to minimize shock and overload damage. for increased durability, the 2100sl is an economical and durable checkweighing device. 





rice lake cw-90 over/under checkweigherease of use, real time data collection, and rugged stainless steel construction make the cw-90 the equipment of choice for operators, quality control and maintenance departments. enjoy the convenience of a full numeric keypad.  





rice lake cw-90x washdown checkweigherfor heavy wash down environments and haccp requirements, choose rice lake's cw-90x. the over/under cw-90x checkweigher features hermetically sealed load cells, 304 stainless steel construction, extra-strength piezo keypad, and an ip69k rating to survive daily sanitary washdowns.  





rice lake weighvault software for cw90weighvault allows cw-90/90x users to add, edit, and access ids over a network connection. weighvault surpasses the cw-90/90x's 50 id limitation and eliminates front-panel entry of id parameters. it also collects data as transactions occur, and provides detailed reports which can be exported to excel.   





rice lake counterpart configurable parts countingunlike traditional counting scales, counterpart uses rice lake’s simple configuration method to adjust to the parameters and resolution of any attached scale base, whether a floor scale, bench scale, or laboratory balance.  





rice lake weighvault software for counterpartweighvault for counterpart is a comprehensive software package that stores and manages data on your pc. with counterpart you can create custom reports for inventory, threshold, location and more.  weighvault for counterpart is the solution for real-time inventory management. 





rice lake roughdeck rough-n-ready floor scale systemthe roughdeck® rough-n-ready system is a complete floor scale and indicator package. match the durable design of our 4 x 4-foot roughdeck floor scale with one of four quality rice lake indicators. each scale and indicator arrives factory calibrated for quick setup.  





rice lake roughdeck iqube rough-n-ready systemcombining the power and intelligence of an iqube² digital diagnostic junction box and the durability of a roughdeck floor scale, the iqube² roughdeck rough-n-ready system is a complete floor scale and advanced junction box package. 





rice lake roughdeck hp industrial floor scalethe roughdeck hp’s best-in-class features are enhanced to deliver more reliability and higher performance than ever before. available in 1,000 to 10,000 lb capacities, the roughdeck hp is the industry leader for precision weighing in legal for trade applications.  





rice lake roughdeck hp-h heavy capacity floor scalethe roughdeck hp-h best-in-class features are enhanced to deliver more reliability and higher performance than ever before. available in 20,000 to 30,000 lb capacities, the roughdeck hp-h is the industry leader for precision weighing in legal for trade applications. 





rice lake roughdeck cs coil scalethe rice lake roughdeck cs is a reinforced version of our standard model, with a wider capacity range and heavier construction. this legal-for-trade design is uniquely suited to meet the demanding process of weighing dense coils of steel. 





rice lake roughdeck ss stainless steel floor scalethe roughdeck ss floor scale is designed specifically for legal for trade applications requiring the added corrosion protection of stainless steel. applications include dry chemical operations, fertilizer plants and other industries which require non-washdown corrosion resistance.  





rice lake roughdeck he hostile environment washdown floor scalethe roughdeck he is a hostile environment, stainless steel floor scale designed specifically for corrosion resistance and long life in demanding washdown applications. design features include a 6-inch, 304 stainless steel channel frame and smooth top plate. 





rice lake autolift he stainless steel lift top floor scalewith its own pneumatic lifting arm, the low-profile autolift he floor scale takes efficiency and safety further by providing hands-free access for washdown demands. the remote tuffseal jb4ss stainless steel nema 4x junction box can be remotely mounted up to ten feet from the scale. 





rice lake roughdeck qc quick clean stainless steel floor scalethe roughdeck qc is a hostile environment, stainless steel floor scale customized for food, chemical and other demanding washdown applications. the roughdeck qc’s exclusive gas-shock design provides easy lifting and soft closing of the 3/16" top plate.  





rice lake roughdeck sd sanitary deck floor scalethe roughdeck sd floor scale offers a removable polyethylene deck for sanitization requirements, in addition to top performing roughdeck features like all stainless steel channel frames, protected load cells, and adjustable support feet. side brackets assure deck stability during washdown.  





rice lake roughdeck bdp barrel scaleeasily accommodate a range of applications with the versatile roughdeck bdp. available in both stainless and mild construction, the low-profile design allows ramps to sit flush with the ground for smooth loading of barrels and drums. siderails also allow the bdp to weigh pallets or other large items 





rice lake deckhand portable scalerice lake deckhand portable scale is a mobile floor scale with indicator platform. partnered with one of rice lake’s battery-operated indicators, such as the 380 synergy, you have a clearly visible weight anywhere the scale is located.   





rice lake roughdeck fxb flexure lever floor scalesroughdeck fxb flexure lever floor scale’s unique flexure design filters motion and shock loading. the s-beam load cell is critical to the flexure functionality. available in a variety of sizes and weight capacities, the scale is customizable to a vast array of applications, and rugged all steel design withstands damage. 





rice lake survivor fb electronic flexure floor scalesurvivor fb flexure floor scale will always handle the roughest applications. filtering shock and motion during loading, the survivor fb endures demanding weighments time and time again. the s-type load cell further fortifies the scale by bringing sensitive load cells to the center.   





rice lake cls series cargo lift scalekeep your product moving with rice lake's cls-920i and cls-680 cargo lift scale. the cls mounts directly to any class ii or iii lift truck, saving material handling time and money. the indicator easily installs using either wired and wireless methods & added diagnostic and programmable features of a powerful 920i indicator or the simplicity of the 680. 





rice lake 1280 enterprise programmable hmi weight indicator/controllerthe rice lake 1280 enterprise is a dynamic instrument for the growth of any company, and is designed to withstand even the harshest environments. built with industrial-grade components and stainless steel nema type 4x enclosures, the 1280 features ip69k protection for universal and panel mounts. seamlessly integrate the 1280 with existing equipment.  





rice lake 120 series digital weight indicatorsthe 120 model is an economical unit for basic weighing functions. a durable plastic housing, simple five-key operation, and time & date function are offered with this attractive and simple design. the 120 plus provides a full keypad and battery operation 





rice lake 480 legend digital weight indicatoradvance to rice lake's legend series—classic rice lake quality and design with new ideas for tomorrow. as the flagship of rice lake's legend series, the 480 digital weight indicator has been perfected to provide the very best in performance and value. 480 plus features numeric keypad as well. 





rice lake 482 legend digital weight indicatorrice lake legend series, classic rice lake quality and design with new ideas for tomorrow. 482/482 plus. large 0.8 in lcd display.  time and date. two independent serial ports, rs-232 and 20 ma 





rice lake 720i programmable indicator controllerthe 720i from rice lake is an affordable path to gaining the function and ability of our more advanced intelligent indicators. from basic weighing and data collection to recipe formulation, inventory management and traceability, choose rice lake's 720i.  





rice lake 820i programmable indicator controllerrice lake's 820i versatile model boasts a powerful yet easy-to-use interface that can operate and display up to two scales simultaneously. the 820i allows users to automate formula selection, batch start up, data recall, or any frequently used process. available in both universal and panel-mount versions. 





rice lake 880 performance series indicatorrice lake 880 performance series is available in standard or panel mount indicator & delivers durability, function, and communication with easy-to-use menu keys and interface. the display's sleek edges and industrial stainless steel construction keep the 880 functioning great even in washdown environments. 





rice lake 920i programmable scale controllerrice lake's weight display selection is led by the impressive and adaptable 920i, delivering more features, more programmability, and more power for your process.  choose from our universal, panel mount, or wall-mount style. 





rice lake 920i usb programmable controllerrlws 920i usb model offers the same features and benefits of standard 920i, with the addition of integrated usb for more seamless communication with external devices. deliver more features, more programmability, and more power for your process.  





rice lake 680 synergy plus digital weight indicatorrice lake weighing systems 680 synergy series configurable weight indicator was designed with the customer in mind, making it a perfect fit for real world, industrial environments. perform general purpose weighing and straightforward automation in a wide range of applications with the 680 indicator. 





rice lake 682 synergy plus digital weight indicatorrice lake weighing systems synergy 682 plus indicator features bright, lcd graphical display, stainless steel, ip69-rated enclosure, rs-232, rs-485, usb, ethernet, fieldbus, wi-fi and bluetooth® communication, built-in web server for easy remote monitoring and control & truck in/out mode. 
 





rice lake 680he hostile environment digital weight indicatorthe 680he is made to withstand the unique demands of corrosive environments, the 680he uses an frp enclosure and ip66 rating for the highest level of protection. ideal for agriculture industry, fertilizer production and transfer, chlorine factories, applications with corrosive substances. bright 2.5-inch, six-digit display and full numeric keypad for easy tare entry. 
 
 





rice lake cw-90 checkweigher indicatorease of use, real time data collection, and rugged stainless steel construction make the cw-90 the indicator of choice for operators, quality control and maintenance departments. enjoy the convenience of a full numeric keypad. the cw-90 is competitively priced for all light industrial needs.  





rice lake cw-90x checkweigh indicatorfor heavy washdown environments and haccp requirements choose the rice lake ip69k rated cw-90x. the cw-90x digital weight indicator features 304 stainless steel construction and the toughest keypad available. 





rice lake 380 battery power weight indicatorchoose the rice lake 380 synergy digital weight indicator for affordable weighing with battery power. the scale controller features lcd display and battery power. optional ac adapter available. stainless steel enclosure. similar to the old iq-390 indicator from years ago. 





rice lake 381 synergy indicatortwo versions of 381 synergy available. with an ip54 rating, the 381-aa model provides up to 40 hours of usage—and can be alternatively powered by the adapter (included). meanwhile, with an ip66 rating, the 381-nimh model provides up to 80 hours of usage (charger included). 





rice lake laserlt series remote display weight indicatorthe rice lake laserlt-60 and laserlt-100 are remote displays with large led displays that provide excellent weight data visibility in outdoor applications and from distances. with sct-1100 firmware loaded, configurable as a weight indicator 





rice lake sct-2200 advanced series signal conditioning weight transmittersct-2200 load cell amplifier features hub mode connects up to 16 transmitters to one fieldbus. quick menu for real and theoretical calibration. red led display with six-digits (8 mm) and six leds to showing active functions. standard din rail mounting with power supply and enclosures. configurable calibration and setup parameters from keyboard.  





rice lake sct-1100 advanced series signal conditioning weight transmittersct-1100 multi-function transmitters from rice lake have a compact design while presenting the same signal-conditioning functions. red led display (13mm) and six leds to showing active functions. standard din rail-mounting with power supply and enclosures. configurable calibration and setup parameters from keyboard. 





rice lake sct-40 signal conditioning transmitter and weight displaydesigned for plc systems that require seamless integration of weight data, the rice lake sct-40 load cell amplifier provides reliable signal-conditioning function without the cost or bulk of a full size weight indicator/controller. 





rice lake sct-20 signal conditioner transmittereach rice lake sct-20 is din rail mountable within a cabinet or control panel, where it serves to convert a scale’s load cell signals to analog output, serial output, or a specific network protocol.  





rice lake sct-10 signal conditioning transmittereach rice lake sct-10 signal transmitter is din rail mountable within a cabinet or control panel, where it serves to convert a scale’s load cell signals to analog output, serial output, or a specific network protocol.  unlike many other signal transmitters, rice lake’s sct has its own 0.3 inch weight display. 





rice lake 882is intrinsically safe digital weight indicatorideal for fuel refineries, chemical plants, distilleries, textile manufacturing and more. rice lake 882is utilizes a backlit lcd display to maintain brilliant visibility for user-friendly operation, even in dimly lit areas. its stainless steel enclosure provides superior protection from the elements. features: stainless steel ip66 enclosure, cfmus, iecex and atex approvals, t4 temperature rating. 





rice lake ticketpress scale ticket printerrice lake ticketpress ticket printer automatically adjusts to media thickness and prints multiple easy-to-read copies. the rugged steel enclosure protects internal mechanisms in tough industrial applications from truck scale reporting to inventory control.  





rice lake laserlight3 remote scoreboardlaserlight3 remote display has a color led display with adjustable intensity so it can be clearly read in any lighting condition. laserlight3 has versatile layout choices including mirror mode, 1-line, 2-line, 4-line and quadrant formats. color commands allow programmers to change background and foreground text to emphasize messages in addition to scrolling, sliding or flashing message options. 





rice lake laserlight2 remote displayprominently display weight and numeric data both inside and out with the rice lake laserlight series of remote displays. a durably constructed design showcases either four-inch or six-inch bright red characters, for visibility in any setting. 





rice lake laserlt rd-1550 remote displayrice lake compact laserlt takes the remote display concept one step further combining more features and more benefits for a smarter approach to communicating your weight values. this ip69k-rated device with large 1.5 inch display is viewable at up to 50 feet, indoors or out. its five-button keypad makes this remote display an economical approach to putting basic indicator function in a secondary location.  





rice lake ranger 1 simulatorrice lake's most economically priced simulator meets the needs of basic indicator troubleshooting and testing. the ranger 1 gives a variable range output of 0-3 mv/v. 





rice lake ranger 3 simulatorthe rice lake ranger 3 simulator is well suited for calibration needs, offering nine fixed intervals from -5 to +4.5 mv/v. 





rice lake ranger 5 calibration simulatorthe rice lake weighing systems ranger 5 is a full-functioning simulator, well suited for more advanced troubleshooting and calibration needs. 





rice lake ranger 7 high res load cell simulatorthe rice lake weighing ranger 7 is the simulator of choice for precision testing. designed for applications that require high resolutions, it features a switchable offset and two vernier controls, along with switches that go down to 0.01mv/v.  





rice lake sendit wireless load cell interfacein any application, from heavy capacity and industrial scales to overhead weighing, data communication is essential. rice lake sendit reads the signal from a load cell and sends that data wirelessly to a receiving indicator, eliminating the need for traditional wire runs.  





rice lake surefootrice lake surefoot replacement foot, adapts to most floor scales. use with single-ended beams to provide large, flat, adjustable introduction surface.  special neoprene rubber sandwich base gives high accuracy, linearity and repeatability
 





rice lake stainless steel captured ball floor scale leveling feetstainless steel captured ball floor scale leveling feet provides outstanding accuracy, repeatability, and performance. active ball suspension provides optimum load cell performance. hardened stainless steel material, welded, with polished finish. includes two stainless steel jam nuts, one for wrench access
  





rice lake carbon steel captured ball leveling footcarbon steel captured ball leveling feet consist of bright zinc and clear chromate plating for corrosion resistance. active ball suspension provides ideal load cell loading with maximum side load protection. hardened alloy steel with plated finish includes two jam nuts, one for wrench access    





rice lake ontrak truck scale data management softwaretruck scale operations currently using a manual ticketing system can automate their process with ontrak data management software. print tickets or reports as well as store information to a central database. ontrak is adaptable to a wide variety of industries and compatible with many popular operating systems. 





rice lake survivor otr steel deck truck scalefor applications where steel is preferred or downtime is critical, choose the survivor® otr steel deck truck scale. operational within a day, the easy-to-install survivor otr steel deck sets the standard for truck scale design. tightly spaced wide-flange i-beams facilitate weighing as many as 250 trucks per day  





rice lake survivor otr concrete deck truck scalerice lake otr concrete deck truck scale is well suited for resisting corrosion and rust and generally requires less maintenance than steel decks, helping to extend the life of the scale. a concrete surface also yields better traction in wet and icy conditions.  





rice lake survivor atv portable truck scalethe survivor atv truck scale contains all of the benefits of the survivor line all with the added feature of portability. the atv features an extremely low 20-inch profile, and provides easy setup & expandability for road construction, timber operations and growing businesses where portability is a necessity.  





rice lake survivor sr truck scalerice lake survivor sr for above ground installation is available with either a steel or concrete deck. for unbeatable strength and lifelong use, the sr model offers rice lake's wide-flange i-beam construction throughout the weighbridge; and massive wide-flange i-beams on either side of the sr distinguish it   





rice lake survivor atv-m portable mechanical truck scale rice lake survivor atv-m truck scales combine groundbreaking ease of customization with the proven durability that only mechanical scales deliver. the atv-m is a mechanical version of our atv models, offering the versatility to be either permanent or portable, installed above ground or in a pit.  





rice lake survivor pt series pit style truck scalerice lake survivor pt series truck scale is available in many standard sizes to satisfy varying requirements. we understand that pit-type installations often involve replacing an existing mechanical or electronic scale. with a 42-inch profile, (pier to top of approach) the pt easily fits into many existing pits. 





rice lake survivor pt-m mechanical pit type truck scalesurvivor pt-m is a mechanical pipe-lever design of the pit-type pt model. the mechanical lever system is precision-built from heavy-duty structural steel to provide higher strength & less stress breaks than competitive components. designed with a load cell inserted into its lever system.   





rice lake roughdeck ax axle scalesmaintain accuracy and accountability in temporary site applications with the roughdeck ax. this portable, economical option for vehicle and truck weighing is built tough, using time-tested rice lake construction. provides a durable and consistent scale for monitoring overloaded and under loaded axle weight.
 





rice lake motor truck scale electronic conversion kitfull electronic performance can be achieved at a fraction of the cost of a new scale and pit. the motor truck scale (mts) electronic conversion kit is designed to transform an existing scale pit and weighbridge into a fully electronic vehicle scale. designed for quick installation without removing the platform  





weigh modules - rl9000twm series tank, hopper & vessel weighing assemblyrice lake rl9000twm series stainless steel weigh module is ideal for use in tank, hopper, vessel, and many other applications. the low-profile design offers an economical solutions in a competitive market place.  the stainless steel construction and welded seal offer additional protection in washdown areas. 





load cell cable el147 6-wirerice lake standard load cell cable is 20 awg tinned copper wire stranded for flexibility. braided shielding is encased in red pvc.  use the 4-wire cable for repairing or extending existing cable. the 6-wire cable is best suited for longer runs where remote sense lines can be used    





load cell cable hostile environment el147he 6-wirehostile environment load cell cable consists of el146he—4-wire load cell cable and el147he—6-wire load cell cable. designed for use in hostile environments, polyurethane jacketing provides superior chemical and abrasion resistance. rfi and emi protected with foil over braid shield  





load cell cable el146 4-wirerice lake standard load cell cable is 20 awg tinned copper wire stranded for flexibility. braided shielding is encased in red pvc.  use the 4-wire cable for repairing or extending existing cable. the 6-wire cable is best suited for longer runs where remote sense lines can be used    





load cell cable hostile environment el146he 4-wirehostile environment load cell cable consists of el146he—4-wire load cell cable and el147he—6-wire load cell cable. designed for use in hostile environments, polyurethane jacketing provides superior chemical and abrasion resistance. rfi and emi protected with foil overbraid shield  





load cell cable rodent protection el147rpel147rp 6-wire load cell cable 20 gauge wire. designed to be used in hostile environments. includes tinned copper overbraid which provides excellent protection from rodents and abrasion. jacket coating enhanced with a chemical coating “naw” that is distasteful to rodents. 





el148he replacement toledo power cell cable100% stainless steel military connector-electro deposited nickel plating with stainless banding and epoxy heat-shrink strain relief. stainless steel artic ring precision cut for improved connection. textured rubber boot for additional grip. standard mettler toledo color code. custom lengths available including standard lengths  





el147is hazardous environment blue jacket cabledesigned for intrinsically safe applications (must be wired according to factory mutual system-approved diagram). polyurethane over pvc double jacketing provides superior chemical and abrasion resistance. both foil and braided wire shields for added rfi and emi protection. six-conductor is industry-standard color coded (also available three-conductor)  





el144 communications cableel144 two-conductor with bare ground, rfi/emi protected with foil shield, 20 gauge conductors. perfect for rs-232, two-wire rs-485 and 20 ma current loop communications. diameter: 0.19 in(4.8 mm) 





rice lake slv animal livestock scalethe slv offers the features of a roughdeck floor scale modified to meet the demands of livestock weighing. the diamond treadplate and rigid structural-steel channel frame provide durability for weighing sheep, goats, cattle, hogs, horses and more. the slv can be customized for retrofit or unique applications. 





rice lake cb-3 concrete batch controllerthe rice lake cb-3 concrete batch control system is ideal for ready-mix and block plants. centrally control your entire operation with the industrial pc-powered cb-3. 





rice lake rl1200 em electromechanical portable beam scalerice lake portable beam scales are cost-effective, cast-iron constructed scales designed to deliver the ultimate in portability and durability. also ntep approved and suitable for legal for trade applications, the rl1200 em offers the added convenience of the 482 battery powered digital weight display. 





rice lake rl1200 portable beam scalesrice lake rl1200 portable beam scales are cost-effective, cast-iron constructed scales designed to deliver the ultimate in portability and durability. also ntep approved and suitable for legal for trade applications, well suited for intrinsically safe areas or areas without access to electricity.  cap: 1000 lbs 





rice lake rl1200 is intrinsically safe electromechanical portable beam scalerice lake portable beam scales are cost-effective, cast-iron constructed scales designed to deliver the ultimate in portability and durability. rice lake's rl1200 is is a portable, electromechanical beam scale with an intrinsically safe indicator. 





cast iron calibration test weights (large capacity) large capacity cast iron scale calibration test weights, nist class f includes 100 lb avoirdupois grip handle weights, 200 lb, 250 lb avoirdupois heavy capacity grip handle 500 lb, 1000 lb, 1500 lb, 2000 lb, 2500 lb, 3000 lb avoirdupois heavy capacity grip handle and more.  


 
 





cast iron calibration test weights (small capacity)cast iron scale calibration test weights includes smaller capacity cast iron test weights: 1  lb, 2 lb, 5 lb, 10 lb and 20 lb, 25 lb, 30 lb, 50 lb, 100 lb. kg weights also available including: 500g, 1 kg, 2 kg, 5 kg, 10 kg, 20 kg, 25 kg, 35 kg, 35 kg, 50 kg and more.

 
 





rice lake idimension pwd system dimensional weighingthe idimension® pwd dimensioner and scale system provides shippers with the dimensions and weight of palletized shipments, empowering users to identify the correct freight class and reduce the risk of non-compliance fees from carriers.
 





rice lake jb4ss tuffseal junction boxrice lake jb4ss tuffseal signal trim junction box sums two or four single load cell outputs with the potential to expand and connect other j-boxes. the stainless steel nema 4x enclosure is proven protection in harsh environments and against abrasive materials. the jb4ss junction box is ideal for use in tank and hopper scale applications. 





rice lake tracer aviation systemsbusy airports and terminals can benefit from rice lake weighing systems attractive and user friendly line of tracer aviation systems and ntep certified bench scale platforms. these high-performance devices excel to meet the specific needs of this demanding industry. 





rice lake railboss railroad track scalesrice lake railboss railroad scales is for weight verification and other basic (non ntep) weighing needs. economical choice and easy-to-install method for weighing stationary railroad cars. powered by rice lake 920i and railboss software. can be purchased as an eight-section full-draft system, or a simpler four-section double draft model.   





rice lake roughdeck qc-x sanitary environment scalethe rice lake roughdeck qc-x is a quick clean washdown, stainless steel floor scale with a solid plate base and extreme degree of top plate lift. the roughdeck qc-x is ideal for easy cleaning in environments requiring strict sanitation. 





rice lake benchpro shipping scalerice lake benchpro series shipping & postal digital scale. models available bp-1214-75s, bp-1214-35p postal, bp-1214-15r, bp-1214-6r. capacity: 15 to 150 lb. accuracy ntep class: iii  





rice lake survivor otr-lp steel deck truck scale for existing foundationsrice lake survivor otr-lp low-profile truck scale is the premier solution for replacing existing competitor truck scales. the otr-lp is designed to ease the truck scale replacement process. each otr lp is designed to ensure it fits into existing competitor truck scale foundations.  features standard module lengths of 15, 17.5, 20 & 23.33 feet to match the module lengths of legacy scales.  





rice lake roughdeck pw-1 u-shape platform scalerice lake roughdeck pw-1 pallet scale is an economical alternative to a floor scale in manufacturing and warehouse environments. the u-shape of the pallet scale is designed to decrease cycle time when weighing pallets, skids and totes. 





rice lake load ranger wheel pad scalerice lake load ranger wheel weigh pads are vehicle weighing scales ideal for mobile and temporary applications. with an optional remote indicator and printer, load ranger is adaptable for many applications.
 





rice lake rl-hpj pallet jack scalekeep your product moving in the warehouse without trying to find a stationary scale to weigh your pallet. weigh and transport pallets in one streamlined process with rice lake weighing systems rl-hpj hand pallet jack scale. item 183592. cap: 5000 pounds. 





rice lake msc mobile scale cartrice lake benchmark msc mobile scale cart is ideal for applications where bench scale portability is necessary. the cart is available in stainless or mild steel and is designed with two rigid and two swivel casters with locking wheel brakes. with an 18-inch stand to mount the weight indicator, weight readings will be easily visible to the operator. 





rice lake roughdeck cargo scalesextreme demands from the freight industry require expert manufacturing that can meet any magnitude of operations. rice lake offers the industry’s most durable weighing systems for streamlined weighing and process control. 





rice lake survivor pl railroad track scalerice lake survivor railroad track scales incorporate best-in-class weighbridge design to create a rugged, accurate, heavy-duty weighing system. used in static weighing operations, the survivor pl modular type railroad track scale excels in high-accuracy, legal for trade weighing and meets arema and cooper e-80 design specifications.    





rice lake survivor rt rail/truck scalerice lake survivor rt is a pit-type, rail/truck combination scale. perfect for weighing a variety of car sizes, the survivor rt is capable of weighing rail cars as well as trucks. this scale is ideal for bulk cement, aggregate, grain, scrap metal and chemical applications. cars can be positioned anywhere on the scale and a wide range of platform sizes and capacities provide accurate weighing. 





rice lake cw-90xb ready-n-weigh bench scale systemthe rice lake cw-90xb ready-n-weigh bench scale system is a complete bench scale and indicator package. comes complete with scale platform with one of our selected digital weight indicators for a system used for general purpose weighing, straightforward automation, and a wide range of applications. 





rice lake cw-90b ready-n-weigh bench scale systemthe rice lake cw-90b ready-n-weigh bench scale system is a complete bench scale and indicator package. comes complete with scale platform with one of our selected digital weight indicators for a system used for general purpose weighing, straightforward automation, and a wide range of applications. 





rice lake motoweigh manual roller top checkweigherrice lake motoweigh conveyor scale can easily be integrated into an existing assembly line to weigh cargo or products to increase productivity. provides high accuracy and repeatability under continuous heavy industrial usage. includes 880 indicator. 4 alloy steel load cells. mild steel powder-coated frame. non-powder-coated rollers. consult for custom sizes/capacities. 





rice lake survivor otr-xv extreme duty vehicle scaleideal for ultra-high capacity vehicle weighing applications up to 400,000 pounds, rice lake’s otr-xv extreme duty vehicle scales are the toughest in the industry. 





rice lake roughdeck ax-1 axle scaleequipped with a top and bottom steel deck, rice lake's ax-1 axle scales ensure durable performance under the toughest condition. 





rice lake versa-portion digital scaleversatility is perhaps the biggest selling point of this scale with its stainless steel construction, ip68 rating, and a broad range of useful features. with capacities from six to sixty pounds, the versa-portion is perfect for food processing, hygienic medical settings and everything in between.  





rice lake automated ticketing kioskrice lake line of automated ticketing kiosks eliminates the need to hand-write a ticket for each weighment, giving your system the efficiency it needs to keep up with growing business. 





rice lake roughdeck eq equine scale the roughdeck eq is designed specifically for the safe and reliable weighing of horses and other large animals. veterinarians rely on education, experience and quality equipment to correctly monitor, diagnose and treat horses of all breeds and ages. the roughdeck eq allows veterinarians to accurately monitor weight gain and intervene before horses develop life-threatening conditions.  





rice lake roughdeck lp low profile floor scalerice lake weighing systems roughdeck lp  low profile platform scales are a safe and reliable weighing system for all-purpose weighing with included ramps on each end. 





rice lake survivor im-axle in-motion axle scalerice lake survivor im-axle is an ideal solution for a variety of industries, from agriculture to forestry. constructed with survivor durability for reliable performance with the advantage of weighing vehicles in-motion. weighs trucks at speeds up to 4 mph without the need to stop. captures and totalizes axle weights within 1% total error. installed in a shallow pit with a 50' approach on each side 





rice lake roughdeck forklift portability frameroughdeck hp and ss forklift portability frame makes your pallet scale portable!  indicator stand mount bracket for a variety of rlws indicators. fits roughdeck hp floor scales. forklift channels allow you to move the system.   





rice lake mas-lc stationary animal scalerice lake mas-lc scale combines the accuracy of fully electronic weighing technology with steel i-beam weighbridge designs typically found in heavy capacity vehicle weighing scales. with a wide range of sizes, the mas-lc is the right choice for any stationary cattle weighing application. 





rice lake els series elevated load cell standsthe els series was made to replace existing legs on a conveyor to convert it into a scale. the els series is a low-cost, flexible solution for all conveyor weighing needs. rice lake els series is constructed from powder-coated mild steel or stainless steel and is available in 250, 500 and 1,000 pound capacities.   





rice lake pipe lever scalepipe-lever scales are an economical choice for many tank or hopper applications. the agriculture and construction industries have depended on pipe levers to provide reliable electro-mechanical operation that's easy to maintain. these systems can be customized to your unique weighing needs. 





rice lake myrias integrated software solutionmyrias is an enterprise software, helping businesses improve operations and drive growth across numerous industry sectors. myrias captures, monitors and reports weight data—empowering companies to make enhanced decisions by incorporating scale data. 





rice lake rl101 below-the-hook scalethe rl101 below-the-hook (bth) digital scale is ideal for compact lift and weigh overhead weighing applications. manufactured in strict compliance with the highest safety standards, the rl101 bth scale maintains a 5:1 ultimate safety factor. ensuring operators can view weight in any lighting condition, the rl101 has a vibrant, lcd backlit display.  





rice lake sct-4x high-speed transmitter with integrated fieldbus and webserverthe latest from rice lake. the new high-speed weight transmitters. their new state-of-the-art x-core converter enables extremely accurate weight filtering and reduced electromagnetic interference. equipped with integrated fieldbus, the sct-4x allow weight transmission to a plc through the most common industrial communication interfaces 





rice lake sct-1sx high-speed signal conditioning transmitterhigh-performance multifunctional weight transmitter manages up to 4800 readings per second, for weighing with precision in milliseconds. integrated fieldbus and web server, allow direct reading and diagnostics of the connected weighing system. the wide range of interfaces makes the integration of weighing into any automation system easier and safer. 





rice lake 380x washdown scale controllerrice lake 380x synergy series is a washdown indicator designed for demanding environments. the 304 stainless steel enclosure has an ip69k rating, ensuring sensitive electronics are protected from washdown processes in a variety of applications. 





rice lake survivor otr-ims in-motion truck scaleweigh vehicles in motion up to 6 miles per hour. includes 1280 enterprise series indicator with v2.05 software, laserlight3 remote display, dot-grade speed sensor. software records vehicle id and gross weight. compatible with new or existing survivor otr truck scales.
  



recommended scale manufacturer
customers often ask about certain scale manufacturers and in most cases, rice lake weighing systems is almost always a top choice. rice lake weighing systems skilled workforce of nearly 500 men and women lead the way in the development of new weighing and process control technologies. rice lake scales corporate headquarters, load cells, calibration weights, metrology laboratory, and main manufacturing plant remain in rice lake, wisconsin, with support facilities throughout the world including north america, south america, india and the netherlands. contact us (919) 776-7737 for rlws product information and process control recommendations. need scale parts? we have replacement rice lake, ishida, & digi scale parts and mechanical scale parts catalog (pdf file) 

call/text: (919) 776-7737email:info@ccscale.com 
our services
sales
service / repair
calibration
rentals


our products
baggage scales
balances
bench scales
checkweighers
counting scales
crane scales
digital weight indicators
fishing tournament scales
floor scales
force measurement
fork lift scales
hanging scales
intrinsically safe weighing
laundry scales
livestock scales
load cells
medical scales
pallet jack scales
point of sale
price computing scales
printers & accessories
remote displays
scale hardware
scale software
shipping scales
test weights
truck scales
vehicle scales
veterinary scales
wrestling scales


our industries
asphalt & concrete
hemp, tobacco, cannabis
mining & aggregates
process control
transport & logistics
more...


our manufacturers
avery weigh-tronix
cardinal scale mfg.
rice lake weighing
more....



policies
frequently asked questions
company policies
privacy policy
product overview


popular items
used scales
specials
misc items
made in usa scales


helpful information
location
weight conversion calculator
employment
nsf certified scales


features
custom equipment
best sellers
ntep legal trade scales
battery powered scales







 copyright 2025 all rights reserved. central carolina scale, 
  inc. 5393 farrell road sanford, nc 27330  















