







	ua local 669 - sprinkler fitters












































































 login

























									road sprinkler fitters
								

















toggle navigation









home



669 info




ua local 669
road sprinkler fitters



local 669 sitemap




members
events
officers
history
agreement
j.a.t.c
organizing





union store
support our troops
political action
scholarship
news archive
links
photo gallery










training


nasi benefits


contractors


contact
































welcome to ua local 669
								




over 100 years
								




professionalism
								




integrity
								




american pride
								

and much more...
								










jatc training
								




osha certifications
								




cpvc piping
								




leadership
								




ua star review
								

...many more specialized subjects!
								




















welcome to local 669

thank you for taking the time to learn more about us through our website.










welcome to sprinkler fitters local 669's website
thank you for taking the time to visit our website.  local 669 is over 15,000 members strong throughout the united states.  our members are on the front lines for providing lifesaving, property saving fire sprinkler and suppression systems.  learn more about us today through our website.
thank you.





local 669 newsletter
 
each month local 669 publishes our membership newsletter. the newsletter is mailed to all members but also posted to the members only section to our website. if you would like to opt out of the mailed version of the newsletter you can send us an email through the contact us page of the website.

this month's highlights include:

officer reports
business agents
events

and more!






            top news
        

united association union college benefit
tax incentives! invest in fire sprinklers!
combat wounded veterans honored

nasi news












important notice regarding the out-of-pocket maximums that apply to your medicare advantage prescription drug (mapd) plan











summary of material modifications november 2024











2025 - nasi welfare fund benefit announcement











new exception to the pension plan’s retirement and suspension of benefits rules











change healthcare notice








news archive
to see previous articles please click here .

click for archive
										


osha




union store






























members only


members only
please log in to access the members only sections. you will not have access to the members only section until the ua has issued you a ua card number.  call us if you've lost your ua card for a replacement.
read more








training center


jatc training
in this section of the site you can find a great deal of information regarding our upcoming formal classes for members and apprentices as well as information on how to join the apprenticeship.
read more








nasi benefits office


nasi benefits
nasi pension and health care benefits service over 20,000 active and retired sprinkler fitters and families.  the new nasi personal health management program is voluntary, free, and confidential.
read more








contractors


contractors
if you're looking for a sprinkler fitters local 669 contractor, please visit our contractors page.  if you need assistance to find the contractor best suited for your next project please contact us.
read more













sprinkler fitters local 669 merchandise!
wear what the professionals wear!  get your 669 swag today!



click here

















allows you to manage your dues payment online.


online dues








please log in to access the members only sections.


unemployment form








please log in to access the members only sections.


political action committee








please log in to access the members only sections.


change of information



















ua local union 669 road sprinkler fitters, afl-cio, is dedicated to the education and training of its members. we strive to stay abreast of the continual evolution of fire sprinkler systems. local union 669 will furnish our contractors with journeymen and apprentices that have the aptitude, knowledge and skill to install a quality fire protection system.









 7050 oakland mills road, suite 200, columbia, md 21046
(410) 381-4300
(301) 621-8045
email: click here








links


home
about us
training
apprenticeship
contractors
contact






affiliates















































copyright © 2017 ua local 669 | all rights reserved | developed by unionlaborworks











































