



keeping fit, one point at a time | point central








































skip to content 



point central

keeping fit, one point at a time
 




menu 


about
contact














 
5 ways to work out when you hate working out 

when you hate working out, it’s hard to motivate yourself to exercise. even if you know that physical activity is important for your health, that may not be enough to get you going. instead, you need something more enticing to ignite your workout drive.
luckily, you don’t have to hit a gym or do traditional exercise routines if you want to be active. it is possible, even if you hate working out, to find activities that can improve your physical fitness that are also fun.
plus, it’s smart to not force yourself to do something you despise. if working out is a chore, you won’t stick with it. and, over time, you may begin to resent physical activity entirely, which could make you even less motivated than you were before you tried to muscle through it.
if a typical exercise regimen isn’t going to cut it for you, here are five ways to work out when you hate working out.
5 ways to work out when you hate working out
1. play with your children
if your children are active (or you want to encourage them to be), why not play with them? games like tag, capture the flag, four square, and even hopscotch can be great for burning some extra calories. plus, it’s something you can all do together, making it a bonding opportunity, too.
you can also go the less structured route and just join your kids at the park. pushing a child on a swing can give your arms a workout while climbing around on a jungle gym can get your whole body involved.

2. exercise your pet
along the same lines as the tip above, activities that ensure your pet gets enough exercise can benefit you, as well. if you take your dog for a walk, you’re working out, too. similarly, playing fetch with your canine companion can get your arm some exercise, at a minimum.
cat owners can also get in on this; they love to play! if you use a wand toy and move around your house, your feline friend is getting a heck of a workout while you get to squeeze in some exercise. more than just being playful, cats teach us about self-care and how important it is to our mind and bodies.
3. walk more
sometimes, just squeezing more activity into your day can make a difference. by committing to the idea of walking more, you might be able to skip more formal workouts.
if you don’t know how to begin, start small. for example, you can park farther away from your office or stores you need to visit. instead of taking elevators, use the stairs. don’t drive the five blocks to your favorite lunch destination, walk instead. spend your 15-minute work breaks strolling around the building.
even these small adjustments to your routine add up. and, since the walks tend to be brief, it doesn’t feel like you’re working out.

4. find a fun class or team
technically, any activity can be a workout if it’s physical in nature. if heading to a spin class isn’t your idea of a great time, consider searching for an alternative that piques your interest. maybe you’d like to learn how to rock climb or do tricks on the trapeze. maybe you’d enjoy trying your hand at a team sport, like pickleball or dodgeball on trampolines.
there is a slew of unique options available – including classes in aerial yoga, swimming like a mermaid (where you wear a tail), and circus skills – particularly if you live in a bigger city. take a moment to explore the various options. there’s a good chance that there’s something out there that’ll work for you.
5. try geocaching
if you like the outdoors and scavenger hunts, then geocaching might be your ideal way to workout. you use gps coordinates to locate “treasure” caches. when you get to the right spot, there’s usually a small reward, like a trinket, that you can take.
just make sure you are courteous to others when you geocache. usually, you should only take an item from the stash if you leave something that you’ve brought with you behind. that way, the next person will also find a trinket.

bonus tip: start small and break it up
there’s a ton of advice when it comes to working out, particularly when it comes to how much time you should dedicate to it. for example, many recommend that people exercise moderately about 30 minutes a day, five days a week.
while that doesn’t sound like a lot, the concept can be overwhelming. for some, carving out a 30-minute window for working out is actually a pretty tall order. that’s especially true if they need to have time before they exercise to get ready (changing into workout clothes, getting to the location of their workout, etc.) and to clean up after.
if you can’t picture getting 30+ uninterrupted minutes, then don’t go that route. instead, focus on starting really, really small. for example, on workdays, wake up and dedicate 5 minutes in the morning to stretching or light yoga. next, spend 5 minutes of each work break doing some body-weight exercises, like squats or pushups. then, on lunch, head out on a 10-minute walk. finally, right before you leave work, do 5 minutes of body-weight exercises again.
with that routine, you get 30 minutes of activity in without disrupting the flow of your day. it’s a great way to start if squeezing exercise in seems impossible.









 
best treadmill for small spaces 

for many people, having a treadmill is a must. it acts as a great alternative to running outside, making it possible to keep up with a jogging routine in even the worst weather. plus, using a treadmill is pretty simple, making it an excellent cardio option for even novice exercisers.
one of the biggest issues with having a treadmill in a person’s home is usually the size. it isn’t uncommon for treadmills to be very large and bulky machines. their footprints are typically bigger than that of an elliptical. however, some treadmills are a bit more compact.
if you are looking for a great treadmill that isn’t a beast of a machine, you’re in luck. here are some of the best treadmills for small spaces around.
nordictrack t 6.5 s

from one of the leaders in the treadmill space, the nordictrack t 6.5 s is a very capable machine in a fairly compact design. the treadmill belt measures only 20 inches by 55 inches. while that gives you ample running space, it’s actually pretty small when compared to other treadmill options.
plus, you can fold this treadmill up for easier storage. you don’t have to commit the full amount of floor space needed for operation day-in and day-out. instead, you just have to make sure there is enough room to use it. then, you can fold it up and reclaim more of your room.
the nordictrack t 6.5 s is also ifit compatible, though you do have to use your own smartphone or tablet and connect it over bluetooth. but, once you do, you can access a broad selection of on-demand courses and follow along with the trainers. the bluetooth connection even allows the treadmill to adjust your incline automatically, so you don’t have to touch a button to make sure you keep up with the trainer.
along with quiet operation, you also get a range of features. you can use the pulse-monitoring grips and attached digital display. there are even some one-touch controls for greater ease of use.
if you want a compact nordictrack with all of the bells and whistles, then consider the nordictrack t 6.5 si instead. it’s essentially the same platform but comes with a 10-inch hd touchscreen display, a more robust motor, and a few other upgrades.
xterra fitness tr150
with three manual incline settings and a speed range that tops out at 10 mph, the xterra fitness tr150 is a capable treadmill. but, with a usable belt surface of just 16 inches by 50 inches, it’s also incredibly compact, making it ideal for small apartments and homes.
for convenience, this treadmill comes with 12 workout presets. that means you can start exercising with just a few button clicks and automatically have access to some workout variety. the 5-inch lcd display makes tracking your time and distance a breeze. plus, you can monitor your pulse using the grips and screen readouts.
like many compact treadmills, the xterra fitness tr150 also folds up. you can easily tuck it away when not in use, allowing you to make the most of limited floor space.
lifespan tr1200-dt3 under desk treadmill

under desk treadmills have become all the rage. if you work from home or just spend a decent amount of time on your home computer, this approach might be ideal if you live in a smaller house or apartment.
essentially, the lifespan tr1200-dt3 under desk treadmill is a treadmill base without supporting handles or upper screens. you slide the front end under a desk and use the remaining belt space to workout. the belt surface comes in at 20 inches by 50 inches, so it’s fairly compact. but this approach to having a treadmill means you don’t have to use a separate space. as long as you have a standup desk, you simply place it there.
additionally, without the handles, the lifespan tr1200-dt3 can even slide under some taller bed frames or those placed on bed risers. this can make it ideal for storing if you need to get it out of your office or main living area.
it also supports a higher amount of weight than some other treadmills. users can weigh as much as 350-lbs. just keep in mind that this treadmill is only meant for walking (or maybe a light jog). it tops out at 4 mph, so it isn’t designed for those who want to run on their compact treadmill.
progear 190 manual treadmill

if you genuinely need one of the smallest treadmills available, consider the progear 190 manual treadmill. it can support up to a 230-lbs. user, has two available incline levels, and padded handles. it relies on flywheels and user-power to get the belt moving, so you don’t have to worry about plugging it in when you find a spot to set it up.
for convenience, there’s a small lcd display that tracks basic information, like the length of a workout, distance covered, speed, and calories burned. you get batteries for the lcd in the box, so you can start using it right away.
since it is entirely powered by the user, it’s incredibly compact. the lack of a motor means you save space. additionally, this treadmill also folds up, taking up only 21 inches by 23 inches of floor space when folded. if you want to tuck it away when not in use, you can do it in seconds with the progear 190 manual treadmill.
and if a treadmill is not your speed, maybe an elliptical will fit the bill (and your space)!









 
best elliptical for small spaces 

many people adore ellipticals. these cardio machines offer a low-impact workout option, which is something you can’t get with a treadmill. plus, many come with handles that allow you to get your upper body involved in the exercise, too, giving you a full-body workout experience.
ellipticals are usually considered to be smaller cardio machines. after all, their footprints tend to fall below that of many treadmills and rowers. however, that doesn’t mean some ellipticals aren’t fairly large, making them less than ideal for small spaces.
luckily, there are plenty of ellipticals that won’t take over your home or apartment. here is a look at some of the best ellipticals for small spaces.
efitment compact magnetic elliptical

the efitment compact magnetic elliptical machine trainer with lcd monitor and pulse rate grips has a space-saving design that’s excellent for small spaces. the stride length is set at a shorter 11 inches, allowing this elliptical to be incredibly functional and surprisingly compact.
plus, thanks to its transport wheels, you can even navigate this machine through tight spaces. just tilt the elliptical to roll it and set it where you want it. you can then bring your elliptical into the middle of the room when you want a workout and then easily store it against a wall when not in use.
along with the elliptical stride motion, you can also get a full-body workout thanks to the moveable handles. this model also comes with pulse rate monitors in the grip, making it easy to see if you are achieving your ideal heart rate. if you use your own heart rate monitor and a companion smartphone app, you can view it with ease thanks to the handy phone and tablet holder in front of the digital screen.
sunny health & fitness magnetic elliptical

if you are looking for a highly affordable compact elliptical with extra features like pulse-rate grips and an lcd monitor, the sunny health & fitness magnetic elliptical machine trainer is a solid choice. it has a 17-inch x 28-inch footprint, offering an 11-inch stride length.
additionally, you get eight resistance levels, allowing you to make your workout easier or more challenging. you can have a lower body-only workout or use the movable handles to get your upper body engaged as well, providing you with options. as an added bonus, you can even pedal in reverse for more variety.
plus, you can take advantage of the included transportation wheels, allowing you to move your elliptical with ease when the need arises. the leg stabilizers are also adjustable, ensuring you can get it to sit flat even on slightly uneven surfaces.
stamina inmotion with cords

if you need the smallest elliptical imaginable, the stamina inmotion compact strider might be your best bet. it’s essentially a set of pedals attached to a base. the pedals sit low to the ground, and you can place this elliptical just about anywhere. not only can you use this cardio machine when standing, but also while sitting at your desk or in your favorite chair. it’s that flexible.
by getting the version with cords, you can add some upper body resistance training to your workout. there’s also a small digital display that shows basic information like your exercise time and stride count.
when you need to move it, just grab this elliptical by the handle. then, you can stash it in a closet, under a bed, or anywhere else to get it out of the way when not in use.
just be aware that it takes a little practice to be able to use this elliptical while standing. you don’t have any rigid handles to assist with balance, so make sure to take it slow until you get used to it.
schwinn 411 elliptical machine

the schwinn 411 elliptical machine has a somewhat compact design but still offers a solid 18 inches of stride length. while it is certainly bigger than other ellipticals on this list, it doesn’t necessarily qualify as a large machine. plus, it may be more comfortable for taller people thanks to the longer stride length.
this elliptical also has more features. along with 16 resistance levels, pulse sensors in the grips, and a display screen, you can sync the machine with the runsocial app, allowing you to virtually run alongside friends on any of the 27 available routes.
putting this elliptical together is also easy, even if you have to do it alone. additionally, the schwinn 411 elliptical runs quiet, so you won’t be disturbed by excess noise
it is important to note that this elliptical isn’t cheap. in fact, it costs far more than the others on the list. but, if you need a longer stride length and like the idea of syncing the runsocial app, it’s worth considering.
exerpeutic gold dual trainer
if you want to incorporate some variety into your cardio, the exerpeutic gold elliptical and exercise bike dual trainer gives you options and is still pretty compact. you can stand to use it as an elliptical or sit and use it more like a bike instead. the pedals can go forward or backward, giving you additional variety. plus, you can also engage the workout arms to get some upper body exercise in, too, even when sitting down.
while it is larger than some of the other ellipticals on this list, it doesn’t have a massive footprint. instead, it comes in at nearly 44 inches x 26 inches, which could work in many smaller spaces. the transportation wheels make it easy to move as well, so you can stash it near a wall when not in use.









 
best tips for keeping fit in the winter 

trying to stay fit during the winter can be a challenge. certain outdoor activities may be significantly less appealing, and may even become unsafe as the temperature falls, roads get icy, or snow covers your city.
luckily, there are other ways to keep up with an exercise routine during the colder months. while it may involve activities that you wouldn’t normally try, it can be a fun break from your typical exercise plan. plus, a little variety can be incredibly beneficial, allowing you to use your muscles in new ways and engage your brain with an exciting new regiment.
if you want to make sure you stay on top of your exercise during colder months, here are some of the best tips for keeping fit this winter.
give yoga a try
yoga can be an incredible workout. when done slowly, it can be highly meditative and relaxing. plus, maintaining poses requires a significant amount of strength, putting your muscles to the test, and you get to stretch along the way too.
however, an intense yoga session can also stand in for moderate-intensity cardio. by flowing through the poses at a decent pace, you can get your heart rate up too.
another benefit of yoga is that it doesn’t take much space to do. usually, a six-foot by four-foot space is more than plenty, and you may be able to get away with less depending on your size.
if the pace of yoga is appealing, but not the activity itself, then you might want to consider tai chi instead. it has its roots in martial arts but focuses on slower movements coupled with deep breathing techniques. not only is it very low impact and slightly meditative, but it can also improve cardiovascular health.

explore running alternatives
if you can’t imagine getting through your day without making time for a run, bad winter weather can be a damper on your day. on a good note, there are running alternatives that can give you a proper burn without having to venture outside, even if you only have a small space for your workout.
jumping jacks, stair climbing, mountain climbers, high knees, and jumping rope can all be great options on days you can’t head out on a run. if you want to get in a full-body workout, burpees can really put you to the test, all without any equipment.
play in the snow
running around in the snow with your children or pets is usually a pretty intense workout. snow increases the difficulty of just walking around, and a snowball fight can be incredibly vigorous.
building a snowman or snow fort is also surprisingly physical. making a few snow angels can also get your blood pumping. consider any childhood snow-related activity and invite your kids to do it with you. not only will it serve as a workout but it’s also a great bonding experience, making it physically challenging fun for the whole family.

calisthenics
classic calisthenics (body weight exercises) are still staples for a reason. plus, you don’t need much room to do them, with many taking less than a six-foot by three-foot space to do effectively.
push-ups, crunches, planks, squats, leg lifts, calf raises, and lunges are all excellent choices. if you have access to a stable chair, a few chair dips are also great additions.
sign up for classes
if working out at home isn’t your cup of tea, then signing up for a class or two might give you the motivation you need to keep fit this winter. you can either look for alternatives to your favorite outdoor activities – like a spin class for bicycling enthusiasts – or try something new to shake things up a bit.
anything from zumba to indoor fitness boot camps can do the trick, so put them all on the table and see what catches your eye. you may incidentally discover that you love dance, boxing, or nearly anything else along the way, giving you a new activity that you can do all winter, and potentially beyond. 
try a gym
a well-appointed gym can be a lifesaver during the winter. along with basic equipment, like treadmills and weight machines, some also have other features, including indoor heated pools, racquetball courts, indoor rock climbing, basketball courts, and more.
by signing up with a gym, you have access to all of the equipment you may need. plus, the financial component may help keep you motivated, as practically no one likes to feel as if they are wasting money on a membership they aren’t using.

give ice skating a whirl
ice skating is a classic winter activity, and it isn’t just for children. putting on some skates and heading onto the ice can be a great workout, letting you tone your lower body and core. plus, if you maintain a moderate pace, you can burn hundreds of calories an hour and improve your cardiovascular fitness.
while winter is certainly the time for ice skating outdoors, many larger cities also have indoor rinks, allowing you to enjoy the activity without experiencing the worst of the cold.









 
ways to boost your physical activity 

let’s face facts; most people are pretty busy. squeezing a regular exercise routine into an already jam-packed schedule isn’t always an option, so finding ways to boost your physical activity in ways that won’t disrupt your day is often ideal.
luckily, there are plenty of things you can do to get more active without having to alter your day-to-day significantly. if you want to boost your physical activity, here’s what you need to know.
what to do before you increase your activity levels
before you change your routine to include more physical activity, it’s wise to speak with your doctor. this gives you a chance to discuss your plan with a healthcare professional who can make sure that what you are about to start is safe for you.
ways to boost your physical activity at home
while you can always through on an exercise dvd or youtube video, that might not work for anyone who can’t dedicate 30 minutes straight to working out. thankfully, adding some physical activity to your time at home can be a breeze, even if you are typically pressed for time.
if you want to boost your physical activity at home, here are some simple options to get you started.

use an exercise bike or treadmill when watching television
do crunches or pushups during tv commercial breaks
take a 10-minute walk before breakfast or in the evening
head outside with your children and play
take your kids out on a bike ride
walk your dog
do squats while microwaving a meal or beverage or when waiting for water to boil on the stove
do some calf raises while washing your face at the sink or brushing your teeth
plant and maintain a garden
turn on some music and dance while cleaning
handwash your car
rake leaves or shovel snow instead of using a leaf or snowblower
use a push mower when cutting the grass
help your children practice their sports skills at home
walk around while talking on the phone
clean out your garage, attic, or other storage spaces

ways to boost your physical activity at work
usually, work isn’t the ideal place for a big workout. but, unless you are in a particularly active job, it commonly means being mostly sedentary for eight to 10 hours, and that isn’t great either.
while it may come as a surprise, there are a number of ways to add some additional physical activity to your workday that don’t take a lot of time and won’t result in a ton of weird looks from your coworkers. here are some options that definitely worth exploring.

skip the elevator and take the stairs instead
park farther away from your workplace
walk during your lunch break
bike or walk to work
hop off the bus one stop early and walk the rest of the way
replace your desk chair with an exercise ball
try “walking meetings” instead of sitting in a conference room
bring hand weights to work and do simple bicep curls or tricep exercises whenever you get on the phone
when you head to the restroom, choose one that is farther away from your workstation
deliver a message to a coworker in-person instead of by email, phone, or instant/text message
use a standing desk

ways to boost your physical activity while on the go
many people spend quite a few hours each week outside of the workplace and home. whether it’s a trip to the grocery store, picking up your children from school, or managing various errands, it may not have occurred to you that you can make this time more active.
here is a quick look at some easy ways to boost your activity while you are on the go.

park further away from the store entrance
walk the sidelines when your children are playing sports
if you stay overnight in a hotel, bring exercise bands with you or use the hotel’s gym or pool
do bicep curls while carrying shopping bags
add a physical activity to your vacation plans (skiing, hiking, kayaking, etc.)
do seated crunches when you stop at a red light while driving
skip the drive-thru and walk inside instead
head to a museum, gallery, zoo, or aquarium instead of a movie theater for an active entertainment experience
if you take the bus, stand instead of sitting

ultimately, all of the options above can help you squeeze more physical activity into your day no matter where it takes you. just make sure to speak with a healthcare professional before you begin, consider starting slow if you haven’t exercised in some time, listen to your body, and be patient with yourself. it takes time for real change to be realized, but you are taking an important first step. plus, if you keep your eyes open, you may spot other opportunities to add more physical activity to your day, ensuring you can maintain your schedule and support your health.









 
best free and paid fitness trackers 

whether your new year’s resolution was to get in shape or lose weight, or you were spontaneously inspired to strive for better health, having a fitness tracker can make a world of difference. these handy apps and devices make it easy to track your diet and workouts, ensuring you can monitor your progress and access information that will help you achieve success.
best fitness tracker devices
let’s face it; people love devices. there are tons of fitness tracker devices on the market today, but they don’t all offer the same level of experience. if you are ready to try a fitness tracker, here are some of the best.
moov now
if you are looking for an accurate fitness tracker at a price you can afford, then the moov now might be right up your alley. it doesn’t come with a screen and definitely isn’t pretty, but it does have exceptional battery life and can track a wide range of activities, including running, swimming, and even boxing.
plus, the companion app has a few decent workouts, but the hiit could use a bit more variety. however, the workout tracking blows the competition out of the water, capturing motion better than significantly more expensive competitors.
check prices on amazon
fitbit charge 3
with a look that resembles a high-tech watch and battery that can last over a week, the fitbit charge 3 is a solid fitness tracker. it is water resistant, so you can use it while swimming along with usual options, like walking and running. plus, it can monitor your heart rate and sync data to the companion app.
one thing that is especially frustrating about the fitbit charge 3 is the fact it requires a proprietary charger. if you lose it, you can’t use a common type c usb instead. it also doesn’t come with an integrated gps, and the screen is monochrome. however, the screen is very large, which is nice.
check prices on amazon
garmin vivosmart 4
one of the slimmest fitness tracker devices around, the garmin vivosmart 4 has some unique features that help it stand out. for example, there is a pulse oxygen sensor along with the heart rate monitor, and the advanced sleep monitoring capabilities can even track rem. it will also measure your body battery, the amount of energy it thinks you have left.
the only drawbacks are the lack of gps and the small screen. however, it does have good battery life, which is handy.
check prices on amazon
huawei band 2 pro

the huawei band 2 pro is as affordable as it is capable. it can track running, biking, and swimming while also monitoring heart rate and oxygen levels. the step counting is particularly accurate, and you can link the data with other third-party platforms, including apple health and myfitnesspal.
on the downside, the included app is incredibly clunky. the tracker itself is also a little bland, but that isn’t the end of the world.
check prices on amazon
best fitness tracker apps
but maybe you don’t want another device. today, nearly everyone has a smartphone, often keeping them within arm’s reach 24/7. fitness tracker apps are incredibly convenient thanks to their accessibility. however, they are not all created equal. here are some of the best.
myfitnesspal
with a five million item food database, integrated barcode nutritional scanner, and recipe importer feature, myfitnesspal is one of the most popular diet tracking apps around. plus, it has exercise tracking options, and can help users develop eating and workout plans based on their unique goals.
the app also works to keep you motivated, thanks to gamification. it’s also very user-friendly, so users can finish entering their information each day in just a few minutes.
however, myfitnesspal isn’t perfect. it can’t accurately measure how many calories a person burns during a workout because it can’t adjust for factors like exertion levels, breaks, or the amount of weight lifted. this means the number of calories it thinks you burned and how many you actually burned might vary dramatically.
8fit
part meal and fitness tracker, part healthy living guide, 8fit helps users create plans based on their unique goals and monitor their progress along the way. plus, it also takes a person’s current stats and, more importantly, personal preferences into account, going into great detail to find the right options for each user.
on the diet side, the app can create meal plans based on the number of times a person wants to eat each day, how much variety they need in their food, and preferred prep methods. plus, users can tell the app how often they grocery shop and the app will create a handy list for the right number of recipes.
physical activity logging options are practically endless too. the list includes everything from running to martial arts, and even has entries for sexual activity. in the app, users gain access to fitness plans and an exercise library filled with video examples that show users how to do the moves correctly.
the main drawbacks are that the recipes are only available in the pro version, and that comes with a price tag. additionally, the diet advice comes off a bit extreme at times, which is pretty off-putting. for example, sugar is referred to as “the devil” on numerous occasions, and the suggestion to avoid fruits and legumes is a bit pushy.
fitness buddy
fitness buddy is an exercise-oriented fitness tracker. the app features strength training video tutorials and various workouts, ensuring you have a solid program and know how to do each move. in the free version, users can try five different premade workouts and create two custom workouts. plus, there are over 300 exercises, making it easy to set up a routine with some variety.
the fitness buddy app is incredibly intuitive, allowing users to get around quickly. inside each workout, users can review the expected time and record their actual time. plus, there is an option for heart rate tracking.
some of the options and features are placed behind a paywall. however, the price is very reasonable. one annoying part is the frequent popups, which interrupt the browsing experience if you are not a premium user.









search for:





recent posts


5 ways to work out when you hate working out


best treadmill for small spaces


best elliptical for small spaces


best tips for keeping fit in the winter


ways to boost your physical activity


 







					© 2024 point-central.com				






















