









home - gystc































































skip to content














donate to gystc


























































 
about about us our team our board fy 2024 gystc summary reportteacher programs professional learning workshops in-class field trips stem day / family stem night gystc services don cargill stem scholar award 2025 don cargill stem scholar award recipients past georgia stem scholar award winnersstudent programs in-class field trips stem day / family stem night stem discovery camp gystc servicesregional centers central gystc chattahooche-flint gystc etowah gystc gordon gystc magnolia midlands gystc oconee river gystc southwest gystc west gystc gystc @ south georgiafree resources free in-class field trips stem @ work ai empowered connections to science guides 2025 science guides 2024 science guides 2023 science guides 2022 science guides free lessons earth day bingo free simple science activities stem today newsletter stem in wild places resources discover georgia stem camp videos coding & robotics coding and technology in the classroom partner resources science gse phenomena bank siemens teacher activitiesmember resources gystc resource guides stem challenges simple stem activities top 10 stem activities gystc weekly stemservices gystc membership a la carte servicesdonatecontact us











 














empowering students for stem careers











georgia youth science & technology centers, inc.




















thank you for supporting gystc





 
with your support, gystc can continue creating the stem workers of the future and reaching our state’s most underserved youth in the process.
 
 


















 
gystc, inc. offers high-quality programs for stem teachers to enhance the teaching and learning experience in k-8 education. through our initiatives, we aim to transform students' perspectives and ignite a passion for stem education. with the generous support of our partners, gystc provides the following resources free of charge, no matter if you are a gystc member or not. explore what gystc has to offer by clicking the link above. 
 
 


























programs offered  


















regional centers  


















online resources  






















fy 2025 program and service impact






(reflecting july 1, 2024 - december 31, 2024)













0students served
 




 










0teachers & others served
 




 










0schools served
 




 










0districts served
 




 









































fy 2024 program and service impact






(reflecting july 1, 2023 - june 30, 2024)













0students served
 




 










0teachers & others served
 




 










0schools served
 




 










0districts served
 




 




























about us


 
the georgia youth science & technology centers (gystc) is dedicated to promoting student interest and achievement in science and mathematics. as our mission states, georgia youth science and technology centers, inc. strives to provide quality programs for teachers of stem subjects that improve the teaching and learning process at the kindergarten through eighth grade levels. we aim to stimulate a child’s interest from an early age to enjoy, not fear, the knowledge of science.
in addition, gystc’s services continue to enhance teacher quality and student achievement in science and math through innovative programming. since 1989, gystc has provided supplemental stem training to nearly 2 million k-8 teachers and students. gystc provides these services through a network of nine regional centers and programs located throughout the state in many of the highest need areas.
 
 




















become a member


 
gystc memberships are open to all public, private, charter and homeschools in georgia. memberships are available on the system level. to view all gystc memberships and fill out a membership questionnaire of desired membership levels click here.
 
 



































resources and offerings











gystc memberships are open to all public, private, charter and homeschools in georgia. memberships are available on the system level. to view all gystc memberships and fill out a membership questionnaire of desired membership levels click on the link below.












 




supplemental guides 
the newly updated gystc supplemental resource guides are intended to enhance your instruction of the new georgia standards of excellence for science. (member only resource)
 
 














 




in-class field trips/embedded pl 
an in-class field trip/embedded professional learning session is a unique experience for the classroom teacher and the students in his or her class to view science from a different perspective.
 
 












 




family science night/day 
a stem day or family stem night is a community – school-based activity that allows students, parents, teachers, and caregivers an opportunity to participate together in the excitement of stem activities.
 
 














 




pl workshops 
gystc's professional learning workshops are structured specifically to help teachers understand and integrate stem through lessons that reflect knowledge of stem content in the classroom.
 
 












 




summer camp 
stem discovery camp is an exciting learning experience for bright, forward-thinking elementary school students who will evolve into our next generation of science professionals.
 
 












 




afterschool programs 
gystc's afterschool programs can be customized to offer a refresher in math and science exercises in which some students might need a little more time to progress at a more satisfactorily level.
 
 














 




simple stem activities 
simple stem activities are designed to be fun, interesting, and easy to do. you'll absolutely love doing them and they use materials that are easy to find.each comes with a simple lesson plan and a short video that highlights the activity. (member only resource)
 
 












 




stem challenges 
stem challenges are centered around the engineering design process. they immerse students in a hands-on inquiry focused on a phenomena (observable event) that aligns with the key concepts under study.   (member only resource)
 
 











 




didn't see what you were looking for? 
contact our office at gystc@kennesaw.edu or 470-578-7592 with questions.
 
 






































 















contact













470-578-7592 














470-578-9015 














physical address:3333 busbee drive nwkennesaw, ga 30144 














mailing address:1000 chastain roadmaildrop #3305kennesaw, ga 30144 














gystc@kennesaw.edu 














member login 











regional centers






central gystc
chattahoochee-flint gystc
etowah gystc
gordon gystc
magnolia midlands gystc
oconee river gystc
southwest gystc
west gystc
gystc @ south georgia










follow











































© 2017 gystc. all rights reserved.









 













bavana actress fuckswille.com lisa spark
chudai wali film juraporn.com rojasexcom
ragini mms 2 hot scene tubeplus.mobi thamanahot
نيك محام pornclassic.info نيك منزلي مصري
احلى طيز arabiaux.com افلام سكس اول مرة
x** video hindi pornbraze.mobi bangla gud mara
نسوان هيجانة hsplan.net طياز رجال
pornvidios juliamovies.mobi mia khalifa full videos
devadasi sex castingporntrends.com xxxxcoc
نيك نساء كبيرة xvideoz.mobi فيديو خالد يوسف وشيماء كامل
my first sex teacher xvideos xixtube.info xxxnx porn
indian real sex vedios indianteenxxx.net dolon roy
indian pron video hindipornmovies.org xnxx.comindia
سكس القسيس meyzo.pro سكس بزاز ضخمة
rajasthani chut video tubeus.mobi xxx chaines movies


