



bestlimosinrome - the best way to discover italy






























 








  travel 
  
bestlimosinrome
the best way





 

home
about
locations
shore
                    excursions
tours
hints
contact
 






 

 








finally, rome










                      enjoy each minute








unique










                      amazing pompeii






 


 









  
  
  
  
  
  
  
                  ?
                    




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





why bestlimosinrome ?

best limos in rome has been operating since 1998 in the
              tourist business, with ongoing success, providing limousine
              service with english speaking driving guides offering top quality
              service. 
              bestlimosiinrome limousine service provides reliable new mercedes
              vans and mercedes sedans transportation for your tours, transfers,
              charters and special requests.
              our drivers, perfectly fluent in english, are safe drivers
              professionals, knowledgeable, courteous and always there to help
              you enjoy your visit to rome or any other city in italy. 
              you can rely on them, as all have travelled extensively and know
              exactly what is really important for you.
              our comfortable vehicles will help make your time with us safe and
              give you that extra service you have always hoped for without the
              extra costs! 
              we are based in rome thanks to this ideal position, it becomes the
              starting point for all tourists interested in travelling along the
              beautiful cities italy offers.

              we accept paypal, visa , mastercard, american express  
              

              we provide great private tours and excursions to sites worldwide
              famous like: rome, florence, venice, siena, pisa, naples, pompei,
              and the amalfi coast (sorrento, ravello, amalfi, positano),
              besides regular transfers to and from airports and sea ports .
              email us at  info@bestlimosinrome.com  
              or if you would like to call us call our usa number 3152151646,
              please leave a message with your email or phone. 
              your voicemail will be heard and read immediately and we shall be
              happy to email you back, text you or call you as you prefer.
 
 our
                  fleet 

 









 x
insight -this is our fleet


 

bestlimosinrome is a tour operator offering professional
                travel services and travel advisory, focusing on italy. our
                fleet includes mercedes vehicles of various capacity and is
                extremely versatile. from a classic sedan up to a 16 seater
                minibus, passing through what is our work horse: the mercedes
                minivan. wifi will make your transfers enjoyable, and our
                drivers have as first priority your safety, immediately followed
                by your full appreciation and enjoyment of the tours with us.
                relax and enjoy the best of italy with bestlimosinrome.com




        > 






 x
private tour of rome &
                vatican


 
pick up at 9am at your hotel in rome. along with one of our
                knowledgeable english speaking drivers we shall see all of the
                highlights of the city. including : the colosseum, the pantheon,
                the trevi fountain, the roman forum. enjoy local cousine in a
                typical trattoria. then drive to the highest hill of rome for a
                breath taking view of the eternal city. glide down onto the the
                square of saint peters , in the vatican city. see castel sant
                angelo, and the sacred tiber river. your driver guide will
                narrate the story of each monument, making this tour a unique
                experience.










 x
private tour just outside
                rome


 
pick up at 09am at your location in rome, and off we go for a
                great day out. with comfortable private ac vehicle and english
                speaking driver, enjoy a comfortable 40 minutes rdie to the city
                of tivoli. this is up in the montains east of rome. here visit
                the fasmous villa d este , a 16th-century villa in tivoli,
                famous for its terraced hillside italian renaissance garden and
                especially for its profusion of fountains. it is now an italian
                state museum, and is listed as a unesco world heritage site. 










 x
private boat tour on the
                amalfi coast


 
enjoy the amalfi coast and capri at its best in a private boat.
                capri and the amalfi coast exclusive tailor made boat
                excursions. we shall stop in cozy restaurants only accesible by
                sea. stop and swim in the blue fresh waters of the amalfi coast.
                an unforgettable day along with one of our professional english
                speaking skippers. open bar on board. lots of prosecco. a unique
                experience. guaranteed. 










 ?
private boat tour in mykonos


 
pick up at 9am at your hotel, port, or apartment. along with a
                knowledgeable engish speaking skipper you we shall explore
                beatiful spots of the island only accesible by sea. a great way
                to enjoy the island at its best . stp for lunch in a unique
                taberna right on the sea and enjoy the local food. fish, sea
                food and the typical wine and ouzo of the island. not to be
                missed. fare varies according to period. please email us for
                your best quote.









tours
          
video







rome & vatican tour


vatican tour


pompeii tour


amalfi coast tour


go from rome to florence with a stop in siena on the way 


venice tour


outside rome tours


wine tasting tour


private boat tours






rome & vatican
rome and vatican tour -duration: 8 hours.-
                pick up 09.00am in the lobby of your hotel. the driver has a
                sign with your name on it start with a breath taking sight form
                the highest hills of rome : the gianicolo- next stop the
                colosseum, visit the area for 30 minutes.(*in case you would
                like to enter the colosseum, according to availability, we can
                arrange the no lines entrances). heading to circus maximus -
                overview of palatine hill, the palace of the roman emperors -
                overview of the roman forum and the city hall - the vittoriano
                monument - shrine to the unknown soldier - the trevi fountain
                -the pantheon - a quick break for a pizza or snack - saint
                peter's square and admire the church from the square.(in case
                you would like to visit the vatican museums and sistine chapel,
                according to availability, we can arrange for no lines
                entrances.)the vatican visit takes about 2 hours - back to your
                hotel by 5pm.
                we recommend a private guide at the vatican museums, as well as
                fast-track tickets (additional expense)




vatican & sistine chapel
tour the sistine chapel and saint peter's
                basilica -duration: 4 hours -pick up 09.00am in the lobby of
                your hotel. the driver has a sign with your name on it. admire
                the streets of rome on your way to the vatican - meet you
                vatican guide and join in a small group. if you prefer we can
                arrange your private vatican guide just for you (different fare
                applies). skip the long lines and proceed to the sistine chapel,
                which is located at the end of the vatican museums. on the way
                to the sistine chapel your guide will narrate the art in rooms
                you are passing through then enter the reserved passage straight
                into the saint peter's basilica - admire the altar and
                sculptures of bernini - the michelangelo sculture "la pieta" -
                once outside on the piazza di san pietro meet back with you
                driver - on the way back enjoy the sight form the highest hills
                of rome : the gianicolo - back to your hotel- please remember
                the dress code for saint peters's: covered knees and shoulders.



pompeii
tour from rome to pompeii - 8 hours - pick
                up 08.00am in the lobby of your hotel in rome. the driver has a
                sign with your name on it. the drive to pompeii is about 3 hours
                - meet you pompeii ruins guide and join in a small group. if you
                prefer we can arrange your private pompeii ruins guide just for
                you (different fare applies). skip the long lines and enjoy a
                fantastic trip through time admire what is a snapshot of a
                thriving ancient city of the time of the roma empire (year 79
                ad). back home by 4pm. 



amalfi coast and pompeii
tour of the amalfi coast and pompeii -
                duration 12 hour. pick up 08.00am in the lobby of your hotel in
                rome. the driver has a sign with your name on it the drive to
                pompeii is about 3 hours - meet you pompeii ruins guide and join
                in a small group. if you prefer we can arrange your private
                pompeii ruins guide just for you (different fare applies). skip
                the long lines and enjoy a fantastic trip through time admire
                what is a snapshot of a thriving ancient city of the time of the
                roma empire (year 79 ad).then heading to positano, with scenic
                on drive on the amalfi coast. stop in positano to breath in the
                view and try out a typical napolitano lunch with seaview. (lunch
                not included in fare). on the way back brief stop in sorrento
                for a stroll around and a gelato. back home by 0800pm 



transfer to florence with a
                stop in beautiful siena, for lunch.
we know the bullet train is fast, but there
                is carrying bags, cabs, platform number, hotel adresses, cabs
                again. instead, make your transfer to florence a nice tour. the
                driver guide will take care of the bags, right from your hotel
                at 09am (or any other time). have a scenic drive to siena, (3
                hours drive), enjoy this spectacular middle age town. have lunch
                if you like , in piazza del campo, roam around the many art
                crafts boutiques. then with a mere 45 minutes drive we shall be
                in florence. here we shall proceed to the highest hill of the
                town, named of course piazzale michelangelo. take great pictures
                of florence from this privileged position, then we glide down
                along the river arno up to your hotel in florence. there we will
                pass your bags directly to the concierge. nice, comfortable,
                interesting,safe. a great way to transform a burdersome transfer
                in another great day in italy.



venice
discover venice with a walking tour and
                private guide. duration 4 hours.pick up at 0900am. walk along
                the beautiful streets of venice up to st. marks basilica, the
                bridge of sighs, and doges palace. then take a classic vaporetto
                (water public transport) to murano island. over there assist to
                a glass-blowing artist demonstration. be back by 1pm..



just out of rome tours
tivoli and villa d este. just 1 hour from
                rome. pick up 09.00am in the lobby of your hotel. the driver
                guide will have a sign with your name on it. after a refreshing
                drive through the roman countryside we shall get into tivoli.
                town famous for its travertine marble (the colosseum is made
                with this marble), and also for villa d'este. a renaissance
                villa renowned for its spectacular gardens and elaborate
                fountains.(over a 1000 fountains). then, visit the temple of
                vesta, sybil and goddess for the romans of 1st century befoire
                christ. after this if you like you can have a typical lunch ,
                out in the garden right next to the temple of sybil, and why not
                discover the nice local wine selection . (lucnh not included in
                fare). be back by 4pm. alterntevily we can visit assisi. home
                town of saint francis, born in the 1182. this is a great
                mystical town, located at 1 hour and 30 minutes from rome. there
                visit the gran cathedral and you will have the possibility to
                lit as candel right at the burial grave of saint francis
                himself. try out, if you wish the famous cousine of
                assisi,(lunch not included in fare) with its incredible good
                extra virgine olive oil, and the famous sangiovese wines. be
                back after lunch.

< 



wine tasting
wine. sure. duration 8 hours. either in rome
                or in tuscany we can arrange great wine tasting experiences. we
                shall visit the wineries of world famous wines like brunello di
                montalcino, chianti, vernaccia, frascati, sangiovese. visit the
                cellars and follow the entire cycle of the wine making before it
                reaches the bottle. have 4 different wines and appreciate the
                different shades and aromas of each one of them you also have an
                option of a great home made 4 course lunch with wine included.
                back to your hotel by 5pm.



private boat tour on the
                amalfi coast

                 
              

video

enjoy the amalfi coast and capri at its best
                in a private boat. capri and the amalfi coast exclusive tailor
                made boat excursions. we shall stop in cozy restaurants only
                accesible by sea. stop and swim in the blue fresh waters of the
                amalfi coast. an unforgettable day along with one of our
                professional english speaking skippers. open bar on board. lots
                of prosecco. a unique experience. guaranteed.

  







shore excursions

from the gangway of your ship and back well in time






rome
9 hours tour
 

 

rome and vatican




from civitavecchia port- full day 
rome
vatican
colosseum

 view
                  details 






naples
9 hours tour

 

pompeii & amalfi coast




from the port of naples to positano
pompeii
sorrento
beautiful coastline

 view
                  details 






florence
9 hours tour

 

florence and pisa




from the port of livorno to florence
florence
piazzale michelangelo
pisa leaning tower

 view
                  details 










top seller tours - we do tours all
          around italy


 
 




8 hours tour 






daily private
rome & vatican tour

start at the lobby of your hotel or location in rome at 9 am
                  , when one of our knowledgeable driver guides will pick you up
                  with one of our comfortable vehicles. this is the best and
                  more comfortable way to discover the many treasures .......


 more 



 
 




8 hours tour





daily private
outside of rome
                    tivoli, villa d este

villa d'este, a renaissance villa renowned for its
                  spectacular gardens and elaborate fountains. a perfect tour to
                  explore the many attractions just outside rome. not to be
                  missed....


 more 



 
 




8 hours boat tour 





daily private
positano, capri boat tour

enjoy the amalfi coast and capri at its best in a private
                  boat. capri and the amalfi coast exclusive tailor made boat
                  excursions. stop and swim in the big blue. will shall go to
                  restaurant only accesible by sea. big time. try it out. 


 more 










happy customers



 












barbara



 












danny and his family



 












kathy and team



 












fred

 







our staff



 
johnny
one of our guides and archeology expert. he is in charge of
              organizing the perfect tour where to admire the very sites where
              the emperor held their cerimonies. fluent in englsih has a list of
              unique places to visit.

 
enrico
one of our experienced drivers. perfect english, he knows all the
              ins and outs of rome and italy. romes has no secrets for him, and
              he will more than pleased to share them with you. grazie enrico.

 
aldo
the area manager. he is in control. having everything work
              smoothly and seamless. years of experience guarantee a great
              result. always.

 
patricia
she is our reservation specialist. right from the very beginning
              to the moment you fly back, she will book and supervise every
              step, to ensure your time with us is going to be great.

 
charles
our accountant. he is in charge of the transactions and does it
              in a precise and meticulously way. always on the side of good
              service. good job chris.






 
    write here to us anytime please complete all fields.
    (if not applicable just write: no)
    note: do not insert hyphens
                           
    
                             your
      e-mail:

                       
                             subject:
       

                             type
      verification number below:
 


                       message:
      

php contact form by thewebhelp
      
 
 
personal data
according to our policy  the data here provided will not be given to
              any organization or association unless specificly
            authorized.
                                                     
           
                                                     
             





                                                                          
       

                                                                                                             
      


                        
                             



                      
                 



                   
                                                                                                                        
                            
                                
                 


                  
         








bestlimosinrome
the best way 

have a plan? call us+1 3152151646               
              .



 

home
about
locations
shore
                    excursions
tours
hints
contact
term
                    of services


















info@bestlimosinrome.com

+1 3152151646









all rights reserved    

 <="" p="">
        






















  


