


urban austin real estate for sale, austin condos, lofts, austin townhomes


















































										for sale




for rent




home



about us








buyer





faq's

      





contact 
            us























make a move to intown
 



				  condos


				  


high rises


				  hyde park


				  ladybird lake


				  barton 
				springs




				  townhomes


				  lofts

				  east austin


				  




				downtown


				  west 
				austin





get 
				started now!


				  houses

				  apartments


				  soco


				  





travis heights


				 

tarrytown












austin real estate for urban living, let our austin realtors® assist you in finding your next 
		home and show you the style ambiance, and convenience that has everyone 
		so excited!









 intown properties
austin real estate for sale



      



contact us:





kristin mainz   512 423-1769


kathy morgan  512 
			970-2944


office: 512 358-8765


toll free: 1-866 
			592-0135


~






austin, tx 78701



intown real estate group, inc. 



      






texas real estate commission
		consumer protection notice












texas real estate commission
		information about
		brokerage services









join our team?










austin tx real estate for rent/sale intown properties of austin 
		should be you first stop to start your search for close-in austin 
		condos, lofts, houses, townhomes, classic austin high rise condos for 
		sale 









 
		video tours of apartments

 click 
		links below to view




chic 
		downtown austin 
		apartments 




soco 
		loft style apartments




austin apartments with stunning views






downtown austin apartments 






downtown austin high rise apartments
		









spring condos
		









real 
		estate downtown





luxury 
		austin apartments





austin lofts 
		for sale  









 
		video tours of austin condos

 click 
		each link below to view tours





downtown condo 
		for sale






austin 
		high rise
		condos





downtown 
		austin condos sale/rent





austin 
		condos for sale










     
     real estate






buying 
		faq's











austin, 
		tx rentals











moving 
		to dallas?
















if you 
		found our site helpful, why not share it with a friend?
		click the above link and e-mail the site to someone who also might be 
		looking for austin real estate ~ condos, lofts, brownstones, high rises, apartments
 








© copyright 2000 - 2016




business service links















 



 

































  
			

austin real estate for urban living in austin 
			for sale/rent 
			








intown 
		properties of austin
 


realtors® 
		for 
austin real estate


       
		

buying/selling/renting
   

   
		


relocation services
 		       
		


rental home locator service

real estate austin specializing 
			in urban living including: 
austin lofts, condos, townhomes, 
			high-rise and austin 
		apartments and single-family homes for 
			sale or lease in the urban neighborhoods of austin, tx including 
			downtown 

areas 
			near the university of texas (ut including the surrounding austin neighborhoods of soco, hyde park, allandale, tarrytown, bryker woods, lady bird lake area, travis heights, old enfield, barton springs, east austin, west lake, rosedale and austin's central business district. 


with designs to fit most lifestyles
 ~ in austin you will find a wide variety of housing options whether it's a 
			vintage austin condos, a cottage, estate, high rise penthouse condo or a stylish austin townhome with an attached garage your looking for or quirky austin lofts, upscale luxury elegant high rise condo, historic or newly built house, 
			contemporary urban townhome you're looking to buy or lease or one 
			of those sleek newly built or pre-owned condos downtown austin, 
			eclectic austin lofts, or a luxury downtown austin high rise condos. 
			perhaps a character-rich austin home in hyde park or soco, or a 
			mansion in a historic neighborhood. or carefree, comfortable austin apartment. 

			


we offer housing 
		solutions for your urban lifestyles


austin real estate 
			for sale or rent 








austin real estate 
			for sale and for rent 








following are examples of many of the properties currently available for rent or sale.  we've broken down the searches to present a cross section of the styles, sizes, prices and locations of the market at the present time. click the 
for sale 
			and 
for rent

						buttons below to see the latest 
 
						. 
























to schedule an in-person showing
			contact




kristin mainz 512 423-1769
			or
			kathy morgan 512 970-2944

			office: 512 358-8765 ~ toll free 1 866 592-0135

			


or click  
















austin real estate 
				for sale/rent 
				









			 










townhomes


condos



		high rises 




























townhomes for 
		sale
















austin condos











austin high-rise condos



		 





		apartments





lofts


		 houses
























downtown apartments








 austin lofts for 
		sale    



  








east austin houses












thinking about a 
		real estate purchase



         







relocating . . . upgrading . 
		. . downsizing . . . first time buyer . . . regardless of 
		your situation, there has not been a better time to buy a new home in 
		recent memory. 



the 
		combination . . of low interest rates and market conditions 
		make home values extremely attractive; and intown the place to 
		be. 



whether you're a 
				young professional or empty nester . . . single or married,
				intown austin real estate agents has a townhome, a condominium. a high- rise, a loft, or a 
		single family home just 
				waiting for you.

				like to learn more? give us a call and let one of our 
				home buying specialists show you just how easy it is to turn 
				those worthless rent checks into tax savings and home equity.






kristin mainz 512 423-1769







         












			austin real estate for sale/rent 
			
. 












austin real 
			estate solutions

			our housing experts use expertise and market knowledge; along with a 
		combination of data base's. let our austin real estate agents or one of 
		our apartment locators assist you in finding your next austin condos, 
			lofts, townhomes or apartments for lease your next home

if you're new to austin or a long time resident,  
		intown properties of austin will give you accurate and detailed property information to help you make an informed renting or buying decision 
		for 
		austin condos for sale/rent, lofts,  
		townhouses, luxury high-rise properties and apartments. 






			urban living naturally . . . 



			austin condos, 
			apartments, lofts, townhomes downtown offer the ultimate in 
			convenience and low maintenance so necessary for 
			today's "on the go" lifestyles. we welcome the opportunity to talk 
			to about your specific needs for austin real estate for sale and for 
		rent. 
			


thinking about buying? 
frequently asked question about buying. 





		for newly built central/downtown austin condos lofts, high rises 

				intown properties has been helping people like yourself find 
		homes in austin for many years.
		


newly built austin homes downtown. 


 
		we can over offer a wide array of outstanding condos for sale  


			looking to move your lifestyle to new heights? 
		



buying or renting 
			a downtown 
			might just be the answer'
 

   intown 
			properties is here to help you with your new high rise condo purchase. 
austin lofts for sale or rent 


			~ 


for an urban residential adventure try living the lofty life 
in these



nokonah condos in austin 



				living is now a sought after lifestyle downtown 
		austin, soco and east austin. lofts offer many benefits from  
		original hardwood floors, polished concrete floors, open spaces, large 
		industrial windows, high ceilings, exposed 
		brick walls and excess light. 



 
			some prefer the amenities 
			of a stylish townhome


 
			with an attached garage 
 or one of those chic 

			

 
			penthouse 
 condos in austin, an 

			

 
			quirky 
 eclectic downtown loft or  an elegant high rise, a 

			

 
			luxury austin high rise condos in a historic or newly built building, or a carefree and comfortable apartment in a suburban setting like lake travis, west austin, north, northwest, southeast, or south west., 

			

 
			character-rich house for sale/rent 

 . . or downtown austin apartments.

			

 
			for others it's 'the house' in westlake or hyde park the near east side is booming, and the 'hip crowd' won't bother with anything but the east side



downtown austin high rise apartments








location, design, quality






finding apartments in austin has never been 
			easier. 
 there are many choices to make 
			and we can help you with the right one because we specialize in the 
			the austin  neighborhoods and will create an  itinerary of  
			rentals in austin texas that match your criteria. by combining the 
			power of the internet and our own real estate professionals' 
			knowledge and expertise we can help make renting easy

finding apartments for rent in austin has never been 
		easier. you can choose from a variety of austin apartments for rent. 
 ~ 
		your first stop for searching for downtown austin apartments & apartments in soco, hyde park, arboretum, barton springs, east austin and surrounding neighborhoods. find a wide 
		variety of apartment homes. 


be it ever so humble . . . there's no 
				place like a home



austin houses home ownership



the buying process
no 
			question about it, home ownership is a big investment. if you are looking to buy intown properties


realtors® are experienced to help guide you in 
			your search for austin lofts, condos, houses, townhomes, high rises 
			including locating apartments in the in-town neighborhoods of austin 
the point is, 
					regardless of your tastes, your budget, your wants & needs, 
					your lifestyle, or your age; we probably know exactly where 
					your next 'home' is and even more important . . . how to get 
					you into it it.

buyer agent
 


buyer agent
a real estate buyer's agent represents the consumer who is purchasing the property in the real estate transaction. the buyer's agent works for the buyer client and has the clients best interests in mind through out the entire real estate transaction process. this agreement should spell out the responsibilities of both parties throughout the real estate transaction 
				 

home buying process. 
				here are the steps to buy 
				austin real estate



first time buyer? 
			if you 
			are looking to buy, rent, sell intown properties is very experienced 
			and one of your most valuable resources. your job is to give us as 
			much information as possible abut your wants and needs. we will then 
			do the rest for you. our job is to search for 'market ready' 
			properties that meet our criteria, and then represent you 
			exclusively during the transaction from initial negotiations through 
			closing. 
			the buying process
			



austin houses for sale

we already are familiar with current 
		austin real estate values, taxes, utility costs, municipal services and 
		facilities, and may be aware of local zoning changes that could affect 
		your decision to buy. we  can usually research your austin texas 
		housing needs in advance through a multiple listing service--even if you 
		are relocating from another city showing you only those homes best 
		suited to your needs--size, style, features, location, accessibility 
		transportation, schools, shopping and  other personal preferences.






		austin apartment locating ~ how it works 




		 









 austin 
				housing options 












                 





 
		click here to view 



urban modern high rise 
		austin condos for sale 




austin condos, 
			austin lofts, townhomes, high rises 



         




  
			 downtown austin  apartments
 






						reviews












back to top

















reproduction of any material on 
			this site without written permission is strictly prohibited.
			© copyright 2000-2015 intown real estate group, inc. dba intown 
			properties of austin, tx. all rights reserved
			we have made every effort to insure that the austin real estate 
			information is complete and correct at the time of publication.
			however, intown properties assumes no responsibility for the 
			accuracy of the information contained herein. 
			all properties are subject to availability, price changes, and prior 
			purchase or lease.



			 











