












zagers pool & spa: swimming pools and spas in grand rapids





















































































 








skip to the content 






 

zagers pool & spa

                                    pools & hot tubs in grand rapids, mi                                







menu

about

careers
job application


pools

above ground pools

doughboy
sharkline
embassy
carvin
pre-order program


in-ground pools
in-ground pool gallery
safety covers


hot tubs

dimension one spas

bay collection
reflections collection
@home collection


jacuzzi hot tubs

j-lx™ collection
j-400™ designer collection
j-300™ comfort collection
j-200™ collection


mira hot tubs

generation series


spa buyer’s guide
spa covers


swim spas

jacuzzi powerpro™ collection
jacuzzi poweractive™ collection
jacuzzi powerplay™ collection


services

pool opening & closing
pool services
in-ground liner replacement
hot tub services
robotic pool cleaner repair
free water testing
curbside order


resources

pool school
video library
pool & spa guides
blog
financing
ez online payment
z-perks program
rebates
policies


supplies
locations

jamestown
holland
southeast grand rapids
northeast grand rapids


request a quote





home 







 













hot deals








winter sale on popular spa chems ! free essentials with hot tub purchase. up to 40% off above ground pools. 













     request a quote   








receive pricing on an in-ground pool, above ground pool. hot tub, liner, spa cover and much more. 













request service








need  your pool closed? hot tub not heating?  submit a request and we’ll schedule your service. 















 







zagers pool & spa 










time is limited
and family is everything
let’s get splashing!























rely on the local experts 



the zagers pool & spa team values family time and believes that creating a dream backyard allows for special moments and memories where family members want to put their phones down and truly connect. whether you are looking to capture family fun in a pool or soak in a spa under the stars — we are here to help you “vacation in your own backyard”. as a locally owned and operated business, we take pride in getting to truly know our customers and providing a professionally trained service staff to help with any issues that may arise. zagers pool & spa has proudly served west michigan since 1959. 





















 


								pools							







							pools						

							vacation in your own backyard oasis every day with a swimming pool
						

							click here						




















 


								hot tubs							







							hot tubs						

							relax, rejuvenate and reconnect with a hot tub from zagers
						

							click here						




















 


								resources							







							resources						

							we offer videos, guides, and much more to assist you with pool and spa care.
						

							click here						




















brands  we carry 











 













 













 













 



















 













 













 


















 











 












 

























 













 






























what people are saying about 



zagers pool & spa 










we bought a house 5 years ago, with an above ground pool. neither of us had ever owned a pool. zagers' classes on how to open and close a pool were so needed and helpful. they make caring for your pool simple by testing your water sample and telling you exactly what you need to do and how to do it. they are always very friendly and eager to help with whatever questions i have. 


jodi t. 






just got our jacuzzi 🙂 after visiting the holland store and working with mike we decided to make our purchase. mike answered our lengthy list of questions happily and was very helpful! we had a seamless delivery from the crew and are ready to use this! 


rachel b. 






thanks again for all your help with my pool.  you were great in answering all my questions and working with my numbers. i appreciate your kindness. 





d. jordan 






thank you so much for arranging delivery for a new -- non-puckered -- skin for our hot tub. your customer service is outstanding! 


nancy o. 






we just wanted to say thank you for all your help throughout the entire pool process. everyone was so kind and helpful.  we truly appreciate that!  we are loving the warmer weather and enjoying every moment in the pool.  thanks again for everything you've done and continue to do! 


vanderwoude family 






after purchasing our doughboy pool from you about 30 years ago, we just wanted to thank you for being an exceptional business and let you and your staff know you were appreciated through the years. 


d. hines 






the whole staff is wonderful, very informative, lots of great customer service, they seem to enjoy their jobs! keep up the great work. 


j. potgetter 




 previous


 next




















latest news 



from our blog 










				calling all athletes: how hot tubs benefit muscle relaxation			


proper recovery is crucial for an athlete’s peak performance. whether you’re training hard or simply dealing with the aches and pains of regular activity, hot


				read more »			



			december 5, 2024		

			no comments		









				hot tub brands: what you need to know			


buying a new hot tub is no easy decision. with many different hot tub brands on the market, choosing the right one can be overwhelming.


				read more »			



			december 5, 2024		

			no comments		









				how to close your in-ground pool for the winter season			


are the colder months around the corner, and your in-ground pool is still open? closing your in-ground pool for the winter season can seem like


				read more »			



			november 4, 2024		

			no comments		



















 





 







let's stay in touch!
 




receive emails regarding upcoming sales, pool schools, and more…. 







join email list

















join our text list!
sign up to receive text promotions



phone number*







        i agree to receive text messages from zagers pool & spa.
        
      


sign up

thank you for signing up!

      sms sharing disclosure: no mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes at anytime.
      
powered by ez texting




























 














 








southeast grand rapids2952 shaffer ave segrand rapids, mi 49512616-957-4456 











northeast grand rapids1250 fuller ave negrand rapids mi 49505616-458-6655 











holland320 e. lakewood blvdholland, mi 49424616-396-2399 











jamestown2535 riley stjamestown, mi 49427616-896-9313 























follow us 






facebook-f
 



instagram
 



houzz
 



youtube
 















about




z-perks





 
careers

















 
financing




ez online payment




hot deals
















contact us
































follow us 






facebook-f
 



instagram
 



houzz
 



youtube
 





















about




z-perks





 
blog

















 
financing




policies




sales






















						contact us					






























 










sign up for special news & deals!


newsletter sign-up


name*


first



last

email*

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 













 









































































