

lesvos: more than just another greek island
















greece guide


athens guide


greek islands


hotels 


greek history


greek food





lesvos
more than just another greek island












the lush, green island of                    lesvos, or mytilini as it is also called, is like no other greek island and perhaps no other place in the world. it
                    is the third largest of the islands in greece behind
                    crete and evia. virtually unaffected by the mass
                    tourism that has turned other islands into amusement
                    parks, lesvos is the perfect place to visit for people
                    who want to experience the real greece. for the greek
                    island traveler who is worried about not having enough
                    to do, lesvos is the perfect
                    destination with amazing food, beautiful beaches, pine and hardwood forests, rivers and over a million olive trees ... continue reading my introduction to lesvos









towns and
                        areas of lesvos




molyvos



mytilini




eressos




sigri




vatera
  



petra
  



agiassos



kaloni
  



anaxos




plomari




antissa




yera




skalohori




xidera



molyvos photo album



eressos photo album



lesvos tourist information





hotels in lesvos



houses and villas



travel agents



getting
to lesvos




car rental


lesvos hotel search



sailing in lesvos




create-an-itinerary 




taxi transfers & tours


lesvos real estate



sigri beer



art & writing classes







things
                            to see and do in lesvos





beaches


restaurant guide


spas
and thermal baths



castles
& ancient sites



beach photos


molyvos photo album




traditional villages



rivers, ponds
and pools




monasteries & churches


mithymna castle




donkey treks



roman aquaduct




mantamados pottery



iakovides art museum



sarlitza pallas




metochi monastery



matt's lesvos itinerary




birdwatching 1


eressos photo album



a hot day in molyvos





petrified forest

birdwatching 2



easter on lesvos



museums



lesvos by bicycle



theophilos the painter


best lesvos photos



sanctuary of mesa







helpful info and services in lesvos




food of lesvos




ouzo



sardeles pastes


the loriet hotel





lesbian food photos 


 day trips to turkey


bus schedules

 horse races



booking.com lesvos page




history and mythology



wine tours



create-an-itinerary page




joanna karvelas:
opera singer


skalahori woman's cooperative


map
                        of lesvos


eressos 
            women's festival

see my photos of lesvos. they may inspire you to book your ticket today!







use ferryhopper to find all direct and indirect ferry routes for the islands of greece, spain,
italy &
turkey, compare ferry companies & prices, and book cheap ferry tickets with no hidden fees in one go!


travel to and from lesvos by helicopter!

avoid the hassle of a ferry trip and save time with a private one-way helicopter trip from lesvos to athens or from
athens to lesvos. choose a time that suits your schedule, sit back, and relax, enjoying the spectacular view which is worth the price of the trip. our private helicopter can seat up to four travelers and is available for one-way helicopter transfers and day trips between all major greek destinations and islands. we also do private helicopter tours. click here for more information



please help support this guide:
when i had to find a way to support my web sites i had 2 choices. i could use modern advertising technology like most sites use with pay-per-click ads all over my pages and spy-ware that collects information and posts the ads each individual reader is most likely to click on. or i could choose to promote a handful of travel agents, and a reliable hotel booking system and keep my sites relatively ad free. no obnoxious pop-ups, fake news articles, or gathering of
information through cookies. i chose the second. if you book through the links on my site i will receive a commission which supports my work. but if you book elsewhere, (like air bnb for example) but still find my website useful i ask you to send a donation through paypal or you can use venmo at venmo.com/matt-barrett-greece
if you prefer to send a check you can email me. any amount helps. thank you for your support! 



support the people of lesvos: visit lesvos
you have read about the flow of refugees that came to greece the past few years, many of them landing on the island of lesvos. the people of lesvos helped the refugees, rescuing many at sea, giving them warm clothes and food as soon as they came ashore, and assisting them on getting to the administration centers in
mytilini so they can be
registered and continue their long journey to northern europe. the refugees have stopped coming but you can support the people of lesvos in the best way possible. you can come to lesvos and visit what i think is the most beautiful island in greece, where you can eat, drink, swim and enjoy the good will of people who have been nominated for the nobel peace prize. because of the negative press international tour and cruise companies
have abandoned the island, which is silly. lesvos is as beautiful and enjoyable as ever and the people of lesvos don't deserve to suffer economic hardship because they have chosen to assist refugees instead of turning a blind eye. so consider lesvos as the island to visit this summer and support the people who were actually helping the refugees. 


matt's suggested lesvos itinerary: if this is a once-in-a-lifetime trip this itinerary will enable you to see as much of lesvos as possible in a short time.


sigri arts: painting and writing workshops: summer programs that cater to every skill level, from absolute beginner to semi professional. the only requirement is a passion to create and an openness to push beyond your limits. for more information see their website


come to the metochi monastery, built in the 16th century, for seminars and classes on the issues of  living on our planet, hosted by the university of agder in norway and taught in english.

easter on lesvos: celebrate orthodox easter with the family of the hotel aphrodite beach in vatera. experience the most beautiful and important of greece's holidays in a small village while at the same time learning to make (and eat) some of the traditional easter foods. you won't be just a spectator. you will be a participant and it culminates in a lamb roast on easter
sunday.


check out sailing in lesvos for daytrips and multi-day trips around the island and to other islands. george and costas will make sure you have the most exciting and interesting holiday of your life. they can also combine sailing with scuba-diving, hiking, fishing, sea-kayaking and culinary tours of the island.


recommended books about lesvos: these books will enhance your visit to lesvos and preserve your memories after you leave

see my step-by-step guide how to make sardeles pastes, the sardine sushi of lesvos.


travel links
here are some links to other helpful websites



important note: there is a lot of information on my website and it is all free to anyone whether you booked through the travel agents, the hotels or air bnb. but it is the commissions i get from hotel bookings on my affiliate website with booking.com
that supports this website and enable me to continue doing the work i enjoy.  




































join matt barrett's greece travel guides group on facebook for comments, photos and other fun stuff. if you enjoy this website please share it with your friends on facebook. if you are appreciative of all the free information you get on my websites you can send a donation through paypal or you can use venmo at venmo.com/matt-barrett-greece












