











streetwise - empowering people to work  | streetwise








































find a vendor
become a vendor
giveashirt










toggle navigation









        magazine
    



        vendor program
    



        meet our vendors
    



        podcast
    


get involved 



        get involved
    



        advertise
    



        subscribe
    



        volunteer
    



        giveashi*t
    




about us 



        about us
    



        streetwise team
    



        streetwise advisory board
    





        contact
    


donate 



        donate
    



        streetwise merch
    



        immediate needs
    















search now










find a vendor
become a vendor
giveashirt














take our survey
 
we are so grateful for our streetwise customers and supporters! that’s why we need your feedback.
please take a few minutes to complete this quick survey—we’re eager to hear what you think about streetwise and how we can continue to serve you better.
complete










                a hand up, not a hand out
            










                learn more
            




            our mission
        


streetwise exists to elevate marginalized voices and provide opportunities for individuals to earn an income with dignity. anyone who wants to work has the opportunity to move themselves out of crisis.  streetwise provides “a hand up, not a handout.”







                streetwise statistics
            







                250 individuals empowered to work 
            








                over 150,000 magazines sold yearly
            








                assisted participants with access to resources including id’s, birth certificate, public benefits, and referrals 
            








                15,000 meals served
            








                immediate income earned!
            












                employment services
            










                learn more
            




            become a vendor
        


over 150 active vendors buy and resell streetwise each month, with over 200 vendors who sell the magazine each year. vendors purchase the magazine for $1.15 and resell for $3.00, keeping the profit and any tips. selling the magazine is an opportunity to earn an income to meet immediate and basic needs. we offer a "hand up, not a hand out." streetwise vendors are investing in their future as they seek a pathway out of homelessness and poverty.










contact us


                    streetwise
                    2009 s. state street
                    chicago, il 60616
                

                    call: (773) 334 - 6600
                    fax: (773) 334 - 6604




our friends
international network of street papers (insp)



social media














©copyright 2025 streetwise. all rights reserved. sitemap.







