






odessa









































































skip to content











 
facebook


twitter


instagram












menu


menuproperties

property search









            west texas is a serenity of a place to live.
click below to view our amazing property list
find your way home


 open houses









            walk into your future home.
click below to see a list of open houses in our area
view more



memberships

membershipslist of realtor members
become a member
member benefits
 affiliateslist of affiliates
become an affiliate
affiliates benefits

education

education listtexas real estate commission website
become licensed
renew your sales agent license
renew your real estate broker license
 education coursestexas realtors website
upcoming ce courses
find a course
online learning
designations and certifications
 education trainingnar website
continuing education
designations and certifications
code of ethics training
code of ethics training for new members
code of ethics training for existing members
code of ethics training cycles

data & stats

historical
full real estate market profile of odessa, texas. exclusive housing market analytics, appreciation trends and forecasts.

learn more
 current stats
the odessa board of realtors® tracks home sales in the odessa, permian basin and entire west texas area. the official homes sales report is pulled around the seventh of each month for sales recorded in the immediate previous month (i.e., january sales numbers are pulled the first week of february).

learn more
  





realtor® benefits

 




 realtor® benefitstexas realtor® benefits
nar benefits

advocacy

major investors
jimmy peacock
joe garcia
gina lujan
chad sandell
brenda worthen

view full list
 trepac
the mission of texas realtors® political action committee (trepac) is to raise and disburse funds to promote home ownership, protect real property rights, and increase political awareness.

learn more

realtor® code of ethics

code of ethicsethics
mission vision
realtors® code of ethics
  




 before you file
if you have a problem with a real estate professional, you may want to speak with them or with a principal broker in the firm. open, constructive discussion often resolves questions or differences, eliminating the need for further action. 

learn more

about us

about usour story
staff
board of directors
contact us
 contact informationodessa board of realtors®
4708 e. university
odessa, tx 79762(432) 362-8943 phoneconnie@odessarealtors.com




























who we are











the odessa board of realtors® exists to support its membership through education to achieve a successful industry with the highest degree of ethics and to protect the individual rights of real estate ownership while providing the highest quality professional service to the members.

























welcome home gift shop and home furnishings














odessa christmas tour of homes
















why use a realtor®?























- odessa board of realtors® -






resources
























properties
find the house you've been dreaming about. browse the mls listings.













calendar
be sure and mark your calendars for upcoming events, training sessions and meetings.













members
find our members, and affiliates in one convenient place













stats
check out the month over month real estate sales statistics



















having issues with your realtor®?




read this

















texas association of realtors® | national association of realtors®















all information on this website is deemed reliable, but is not guaranteed & should be verified independently.












 










© 2020 odessa board of realtors® 





scroll to top















