



inside film online















the ultimate film festival directory.
this site is always being updated.


















schindler's listnow on netflix
click here for susan royal's interview with steven spielberg




rebuilding paradise
the camp fire – the deadliest u.s. fire in 100 years, and the worst ever in california history — began on november 8, 2018, killing 85 people, displacing 50,000 others and demolishing the town of paradise, california.
the second anniversary of this devastating event will be marked with the commercial-free broadcast of the ron howard film rebuilding paradise on national geographic. the film is described as, "a moving story of resilience in the face of tragedy as a community comes together to recover what was lost and begins the important task of reimagining and re-embracing their future."
the documentary is currently available via the appletv app, amazon prime, googleplay, vudu, comcast and other digital platforms. national geographic documentary films will donate one dollar of each sale or rental of the film in the month of october (national fire prevention month) to california community foundation's wildlife relief fund.


john belushi's life in the words of his friends
r.j. cutler’s feature documentary tells the story of john belushi’s life through the voices of his friends, family and collaborators – dan aykroyd, chevy chase, jane curtin, lorne michaels, carrie fisher, jim belushi, penny marshall, harold ramis and john’s wife, judy belushi – on previously unheard audiotapes.
belushi launches on showtime on november 22.










inside film online


e-mail: editor@insidefilm.com
8306 wilshire blvd., #1826
					beverly hills, ca 90211
editor-in-chief: susan royal
						asst. editor: alyssa boyle





information in our film festival directory was provided by the film festival organizers or their spokespeople. the comments and opinions expressed by the festival organizers, or by other individuals interviewed herein, are not necessarily the opinions of inside film or its staff.
inside film is not responsible or liable under any circumstances for any damages, direct or indirect, as a result of reliance on any information on this site. inclusion does not indicate any endorsement of a person, company, organization or event.
every reasonable effort has been made to ensure that the information in the directory is accurate and current, but errors are certain to occur in an undertaking as extensive as this listing. we apologize for any incorrect or incomplete data and invite corrections to be sent to us for updating.



film fest directory  |  news & views  |  screenwriting  |  film fests by month  |  past articles 
all inside film logos, artwork, stories, information and photos are
		© 1997-2020 inside film magazine.  all rights reserved. 
						do not duplicate or distribute in any form. all other logos,
					artwork and photos are © their individual owners.

